Ms. Rachel is putting her followers in a time-out. A popular children’s content creator, Rachel Griffin Accurso who goes by “Ms. Rachel” and posts at the handle @msrachelforlittles on TikTok, announced to her 2.5 million followers Monday that she is taking a break from social media after parents expressed frustrations over her co-star’s they/them/their pronouns. In the 9-second clip with 8.2 million views, Griffin Accurso sings, “I’m taking a break from TikTok for my mental health.” The video caption reads, “Hurtful videos and comments, no matter how much attention they get, will not bring you [what] you want. Only love can do that.” Fans flooded the comments to express their support for Griffin Accurso. “WHO HURT YOU??? Hold my earrings, lemme get my keys. We ride at dawn! ,” declared one supporter. Another parent praised Griffin Accurso for having a positive impact on her daughter’s life. “I need to say that you are the reason my autistic daughter says the few words she does. She was completely non verbal before we found your videos,” said the commenter. Griffin Accurso started creating children’s content in 2019. Both parents and children fell in love with the educator’s approach to teaching. Four years later, she has 3 million YouTube subscribers and 2.5 million followers on TikTok. Recently parents noticed changes in her content which they disagreed with, such as frequent appearances from the educator’s co-star, musician Jules, who uses they/them pronouns. Griffin Accurso received negative emails and, in response, posted a video — days before announcing her social media break — captioned, “Skipping away from mean emails but also sending love because ‘hurt people hurt people.'” Unfortunately, her message was not enough for the trolls to stop the negative comments, which ultimately led to her taking a break. Some of the hateful comments came rolling in after Jules, who goes by @julessingsforlittles on TikTok, posted several videos on their personal account about being brave before a major upcoming surgery. Jules’ video did not mention gender pronouns or the type of procedure they were undergoing but some parents believed it to be “inappropriate.” One parent on TikTok, @mama_burg, who describes herself as a “traditional mother,” disagrees with children learning about gender pronouns. She reposted one of Jules’ videos, writing, “The fact that she has Jules on the show is enough for me.” On March 2, Jules posted a video on Tiktok responding to the vitriol from disapproving commenters. “I want to address the  in the room in the best way I know how — by teaching kids about love and acceptance. Kids around us, they are absorbing and  ing to us for our responses, how we react, how we treat others. They remember what we say and what we believe and it can either bring them closer to us, to share their truest selves with us or push them away. Take care of yourselves and each other. Reach down deep inside you when things get icky, take some deep breaths, sure — be a crabby  for a bit, remember it’s ok to cry and then respond with  and kindness. Let’s do this fam .” Some parents supporting the children’s show shared loving messages and encouraging words beneath the video, which already has 110,000 views. “In this household, we love and accept EVERYBODY. I’m sorry you’re experiencing this Jules! Thank you for being you and all you do!!!” wrote one parent. “This makes me sad. I see the hurt in your eyes. You are loved and wanted here Jules!” said another supporter. 