The world itself may revolve around the sun, but the fashion world revolves around Revolve. But while the earth had a 4.5 billion year head start, as of this week, Revolve has only been around for 20 years. Consider the impact, in that short amount of time. To the earth, it’s the blink of an eye. But the world’s changed, and no one considers the planet’s revolutions anymore. In comparison to Revolve’s 20th Anniversary Sale, live today Mar. 2, and today only. As if to spite us for our earlier comparison, the earth keeps turning, meaning eagle-eyed deal hunters have only 24 hours to scour Revolve’s site, and snap up all of the pieces they’ve had their eyes on, now 20% off. You read that right, for 24 hours only, Revolve’s entire site is 20% off with promo code HAPPY20. The countdown has already begun, so make sure you click over now for deals on dresses, blazers, tees, sneakers, and more. Below, we’ve put together a short list of our favorite trending pieces and bestsellers from Revolve’s sale. Read on, click through, and refresh your wardrobe, all for 20% off. Save $20 on this stunning Cutout Maxi Dress from 1. State, available today from Revolve for just $79. Did somebody say date night? This high-quality, professional Shawl Collar Blazer is the perfect accompaniment to your pristine Powerpoint presentation, available for $211 today from Revolve. Planning on stopping by a few Soho galleries this week? Look the part with this Sleeveless Fabienne Top from Amanda Uprichard, now 20% off from Revolve. They’re going to hear you roar in this graphic Tiger Tee from Anine Bling, now just under $80 from Revolve. Summer’s still a few months away, but this 20% off deal on a Rolled Hem Utility Romper is here now. Manifest an early spring, and save while you’re at it. You can’t go wrong with a pair of Chuck Taylors. You also can’t go wrong with a $60 price tag. To our mind, this deal is a win-win. Invited to any galas in the near future? If so, this Carlota Dress from Camila Coelho is a great option, at a great price. Another stunning option from Camila Coelho is this striking pair of Guadalupe Pants, on sale now at Revolve for 20% off. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.