Rush Limbaugh’s widow, Kathryn Adams Limbaugh, has sold her husband’s longtime Florida compound of 20-plus years for a whopping $155 million. This marks a record for the Palm Beach area, which has seen a slew of of big-time deals in the past few years, according to the Wall Street Journal. In 2013, hedge-funder Ken Griffin paid $129.6 million for four parcels in the area, making that the most recent record — until now. Comprising 2.7 acres, the waterfront property was quietly shopped off the market for the past eight months. The new buyer purchased the property, which is made up of three homes — 1495 North Ocean Boulevard, 1501 North Ocean Boulevard and 108 Mediterranean Road — under an anonymous LLC. Limbaugh bought the homes back in 1998 for $3.9 million when he was married to his third wife, Marta Fitzgerald. Kathryn, his fourth and final wife, met Limbaugh in 2004. But Limbaugh never had children. Kathryn, 46, married Limbaugh in 2010 in a lavish Hawaiian-themed wedding bash headlined by none other than Sir Elton John. The compound is made up of a 16,600-square-foot mansion, a 2,900-square-foot house and a 2,200-square-foot house, records show. Combined, it holds 13 bedrooms and 12 bathrooms. Features include 250 feet of oceanfront views, a two-story library, which is a “scaled-down version” of the library at the Biltmore Estate in North Carolina — and an additional four guest houses and a guard station for 24-hour security services. It also features a pool and a putting green. According to the 2010 book “An Army of One” by Zev Chafets, Rush himself decorated the homes, inspired by Versailles — and a dining room chandelier was a replica of the one in New York’s Plaza Hotel. The conservative commentator passed away in the home in February 2021. He had long been battling lung cancer. “I know that I am most certainly not the Limbaugh that you tuned in to listen to today. I, like you, very much wish Rush was behind this golden microphone right now, welcoming you to another exceptional three hours of broadcasting,” his wife told listeners in a surprise announcement on his radio show on Feb. 17, 2021. “For over 32 years, Rush has cherished you, loyal audience, and always looked forward to every single show. It is with profound sadness I must share with you directly that our beloved Rush, my wonderful husband, passed away this morning due to complications from lung cancer.”