Blac Chyna is done making green via OnlyFans. After raking in a reported $240 million in 2021 by sharing lusty snaps online, the voluptuous mother of two has unceremoniously walked away from her lucrative NSFW account on the subscription-based streaming service, calling it a “dead end” gig. “I don’t do OnlyFans anymore — I don’t do it anymore at all,” Chyna, 34, explained during her “Jason Lee Show” appearance this week on Revolt, where she touched upon everything from  her newfound sobriety to avoiding haters on the internet. “I’m just changing everything about me,” the former stripper-turned-reality star added. “It’s a dead end. All that stuff is a dead end, and I know that I’m worth way more than that.” Chyna — who shares 10-year-old son King Cairo with “Rack City” rapper Tyga, 33, and 6-year-old daughter Dream Kardashian with Rob Kardashian, 35 — pointed to “setting an example” for her children as her main motivation for leaving OnlyFans. “At a certain age, they see and gravitate to everything,” she said of her kids before noting that her many legal woes also contributed to her exit. “I feel like I have other things — bigger fish to fry,” said Chyna, who recently earned a feature acting role on BET’s “The Black Hamptons,” and in Amazon Prime film “Secret Society 2.” “And then, at the time, I had so many lawsuits … it was like ‘Woah,’” she added. “But, I’m good.” However, not to disparage the site or those who are earning an honest living on the platform, the social media siren said, “Shout out to the people that do still have their OnlyFans and stuff like that.” “Get your money,” she advised, “don’t let the money make you.” And while on the subject of money, Chyna, too, revealed that she’s “proud” of herself for taking on the Kardashians with her $100 million defamation lawsuit — even though she ultimately lost in court. “Thank God that I did [sued the Kardashians] … regardless [of the outcome],” she raved. [I’m most proud that] I stood up for myself because there were layers to it.” In October 2017, Chyna filed legal documents against her ex-fiancé Rob, his mother Kris Jenner, and sisters Kim Kardashian and Khloé Kardashian for $40 million, claiming loss of earnings and more than $60 million in future earnings. She alleged the “Kardashians” stars used their influence to tarnish her reputation and cancel a second season of her E! reality series “Rob & Chyna.” And although no monetary damages were issued to her in the case, Blac Chyna said she felt “vindicated” after taking the famed family to court. But when it comes to getting an apology from Jenner, 67, for her alleged misdeeds, the diva spat, “Honestly, I don’t care about nobody’s apologies.” “I don’t even want it,” she added, laughing. “Unless it comes with a Ferrari. Then, I’ll take it.”