Tom Sizemore, who died Friday at 61 after suffering a brain aneurysm, was spotted in January wearing a brave face on the red carpet. The “Saving Private Ryan” actor was photographed Jan. 20 at the “Bermuda Island” premiere at the Fine Arts Theatre in Beverly Hills. Sizemore sported a barely buttoned checkered shirt over a light-blue shirt, a gray jacket, worn blue jeans, a dark hat and a long red chain with a cross pendant. The longtime actor, who struggled with addiction for years, cut a different figure from the slick characters he played on the big screen. Sizemore “passed away peacefully in his sleep today at St. Joseph’s Hospital Burbank. His brother Paul and twin boys Jayden and Jagger were at his side,” manager Charles Lago told The Post on Friday. “The Sizemore family has been comforted by the hundreds of messages of support and love shown to their son, brother and father,” Lago added. “They are asking for privacy during this difficult time and I am asking for those wishes to please be respected.” “Bermuda Island” is Sizemore’s latest film project. The movie, directed by Adam Werth, follows a group of stranded vacationers who crash-land on their way to a tropical destination. Actors Randy Davison, Doug Lito, Mark Anthony Cox and Paola Paulin were photographed at the premiere with Sizemore. Industry pals and fans shared condolences online this week, posting photos and film excerpts in remembrance of Sizemore. “Am saddened to hear of Tom Sizemore’s end of life — his family has my prayers — Tom and I were friends I knew of his suffering & his struggle with [addiction] — he was a terrific talent — Many families suffer from the heartbreak and tragedy of this disease and we do not do enough!!” fellow actor Robert Davi tweeted. “Tom Sizemore was a wild and untethered howitzer of acting presence and performance. Lucky to have had him in a film of mine once upon a time,” wrote “The Colombian Connection” director Julian Higgins. “Just unearthed this memory, me 25 years old and staring down the barrel as a young director. Rest in peace, man.” “One of the best to ever do it. Thank you for the memories and laughs. We will all miss you Mr. Tom Sizemore,” his “Cross Wars” co-star, Jordan Rachel, tweeted along with a photo of the two of them smiling and laughing. “Rest in peace, Tom Sizemore. Hope there’s still action wherever you are now,” one fan wrote. Lago reported Sizemore suffered a brain aneurysm and stroke on Feb. 18. His family was told in recent days there was no hope for recovery. Acclaimed for his roles in “Saving Private Ryan,” “Natural Born Killers” and “Heat,” Sizemore was a notorious tough-guy, his best-known characters being war heroes, criminals, detectives and more. The “Pearl Harbor” actor was also embroiled in several controversies throughout his tenured career, spending years battling addiction and facing legal troubles for drug possession and domestic abuse. “Bermuda Island” isn’t Sizemore’s final film. Upcoming projects include “PTSD: A Soldier’s Revenge,” “The Legend of Johnny Jones” and “American Trash.”