“Hanoi Jane” is at it again. Decorated actress and controversial activist Jane Fonda suggested on “The View” Friday that American women might have to resort to “murder” to regain autonomy of their bodies in the aftermath of the Roe v. Wade reversal. The Oscar winner made the comment when the hosts asked her what could she possibly do other than march and protest to stop the recent spread of laws curbing abortion in many states. “Well, I’ve thought of murder,” Fonda quipped, in a comment that may have been lost under crosstalk until Lily Tomlin asked her to repeat herself. “Murder,” Fonda re-stated adamantly. The subject came during an appearance with her “80 for Brady” co-star Tomlin that started with show’s panel asking if the duo would be able to film a sequel to their iconic 1980 movie “9 to 5.” The leading ladies said it would be difficult — though not impossible — because of declining workers’ rights and limitations brought in by contract work. The 85-year-old took the opportunity to segue the conversation into a discussion on the recent limitations some states have placed on abortion since the supreme court ruling nixing Roe. “We have experienced, many decades now, of having agency over our body and being able to determine when and how many children they have,” Fonda after agreeing with Tomlin’s statement that the county is “backsliding.” “We know what that feels like. We know what that’s done for our lives. We’re not going back. I don’t care what the laws are. We’re not going back.” The audience erupted in applause, but the panel only smirked and attributed the comment to “Jane’s activism.” Sunny Hostin joked the stance would earn her a Nobel Prize. Joy Behar challenged Fonda and asked how she could enact change other than through marching and protesting, demonstrations Fonda has been known to participate in — and get arrested for involvement in — over the last few decades. That when Fonda made her “murder” comment, prompting the panel burst into uncomfortable laughter and quickly try to move the conversation along. “Don’t say that,” Tomlin warned. “She’s just kidding. Wait a second… They’ll pick up on that and just run with it. She’s just kidding,” Behar loudly stated, despite Fonda keeping a serious, unsmiling look on her face. As predicted, the conservative backlash was swift. Mercedes Schlapp, a former Trump administration White House aide, accused Fonda of “inciting violence against pro-life politicians.” Rep. Majorie Greene (R-GA) said she would report Fonda for her statements and The View for airing them, before crudely telling Fonda: “your eggs are dried up so you don’t have to worry about getting pregnant anytime soon, so you can retire from demanding baby murder now.” Fonda, a long time provocateur who got the nickname “Hanoi Jane” after visiting North Vietnamese troops during the war in 1972, held her ground in an interview with the Daily Beast. “While women’s reproductive rights are a very serious issue and extremely important to me, my comment on The View was obviously made in jest,” said Fonda. “My body language and tone made it clear to those in the room—and to anyone watching—that I was using hyperbole to make a point.” Fonda — who was arrested at a climate protest in 2019 — has more recently apologized for her Hanoi trip, during which she was infamously pictured sitting on a North Vietnamese anti-aircraft gun in an image that led to much condemnation in the US.