An Australian Sign Language interpreter is going viral on TikTok for signing something “Unholy.” Pop star Kim Petras performed during the closing ceremony at Sydney WorldPride in Australia over the weekend — but it’s Auslan interpreter Marc Ethan who is becoming a worldwide sensation online. In fan-captured videos posted to the social platform, some with more than 433,000 views, a large screen behind Petras pictures Ethan in the righthand corner, thrusting and gyrating his hips along to the Grammy-winner’s XXX tunes, many off her 2022 EP “Slut Pop.” “I’m the, I’m the throat goat, I’m the throat,” Petras sings about her oral sex game in “Throat Goat,” to which Ethan suggestively used his hands to depict putting something in his mouth. “Kim Petras’ sign interpreter during ‘Throat Goat’ is exactly the energy we need today,” one fan tweeted. “How the hell can he do that without laughing,” another asked on TikTok. “I’ve watched this video so many times. I’m in love with Marc,” another wrote. “Haha this is beyond amazing thank you for capturing this,” one more said. In “Superpower Bitch,” Petras repeatedly sings about making someone orgasm, to which Ethan interpreted with simulated masturbation moves. “The real star of world pride – the auslan interpreter for @kimpetras,” one fan declared on Twitter. “Kim petras’ AUSLAN interpreter at worldpride… you will always be famous,” another added. And for Petras’ “Coconuts” — a song dedicated to the transgender singer’s breasts — Ethan cupped his own imaginary body parts, then seemingly brought them to his mouth like he was eating a hamburger. “My coconuts, you can put ’em in your mouth,” Petras sings. “His facial expressions. And the tongue! And hand gestures. I can’t,” one overwhelmed fan commented on TikTok. “Where do i sign up for this on indeed?” a viewer wrote, referencing the popular employment site and apparently longing for Ethan’s job. The Post has contacted representatives for Petras and Ethan for comment. Many fans compared Ethan’s work to American Sign Language interpreter Justina Miles’ sassy signing during Rihanna’s Super Bowl Halftime Show. Miles’ performance while interpreting RiRi’s show quickly blew up online, with one TikTok video gaining a huge 3.5 million likes and 15.2 million views by the next morning. “I value the opportunity to make it possible for all deaf people to enjoy these songs, and not have them miss out on the full Super Bowl experience,” Miles told CNBC prior to the game. “(It’s) not only for me to share this experience with the whole world, but to really bring that empowerment to millions and millions of black deaf people all over the country who’ve never really seen that before. I feel that is truly lifting every voice, even my voice,” she added. 