Three-year-olds are just too cute, and yes — they deserve spoiling. Whether it’s for a birthday or a milestone of theirs, finding out something to buy (that they don’t already have, no less) can be an incredible feat. But, it doesn’t have to be. We turned to a handful of child development experts who know the ins and outs of the three-year-old age group to recommend 52 wonderful gifts and toys for you to reference. After conversing with seasoned experts, we understood one thing about three-year-olds, in particular: they’re always learning and on the move. “Three-year-olds are pretty smart human beings who are defined by curiosity,” Kathy Hirsh-Pasek, PhD, psychology professor at Temple University and senior fellow at the Brookings Institution — whose research work centers on the development of early language and literacy, as well as the role of play in learning — told the New York Post. “They have mastered language skills to determine how the world works and, while we’re not interested in the slugs, bugs and worms that make up the ground, they are; they’re naturalists.” With even more insightful knowledge about the three-year-old age group in our in-depth FAQ section (including the ‘why’ behind their constant ‘why? why? why?’ questioning), you’ll have a better grasp into this adoring age, thanks to five childhood learning experts chiming in. But, for now, let’s move into the expert-recommended toys. Click to jump to a specific section: “These tubes are amazing and open ended! I add them to my sensory bins, fill them with items to shake, roll them, use them to mix in, and explore volumes with them,” Alice Cady, EdM, an eight-year classroom teacher of two and three-year-olds told The Post. She has an education doctorate degree from the University of Buffalo’s Early Childhood Research Center, with a focus on computational thinking in early childhood. “You can fill them with counting toys to ‘fill and spill,’ fill them with natural items to observe, fill them with spices to smell or even use them to blow bubbles!” she adds. Each tube comes with dual openings and twistable lids and also leaves you the option to create your own sensory tubes to help with self-regulation. “Crayola’s Color Wonder line is a great gift for kids, not only because of its affordable price point, but because it is a perfect, no-mess, creative art line,” Ali Mierzejewski, editor-in-chief at “The Toy Insider” and childhood play expert, told The Post. The Color Wonder markers only show on the special Color Wonder paper, so it’s great for traveling on airplanes, roadside restaurant stops, or for kids’ independent playtime as well. “Family game night is super important for kids during this age window for social development, and games geared toward preschoolers like this bingo set are the perfect way for families to play together,” Mierzejewski adds. This game in particular, aside from having cute artwork, also provides four ways for kids to learn, so it’s packed with educational value in addition to fun. “Stacking and sequencing toys are a wonderful way to work on those fine motor skills as well as visual and sequencing skills,” Caitlin Sanschagrin, an occupational therapist specializing in pediatrics — specifically, feeding, sensory processing and regulation and neurodivergent-affirming care, told The Post. What’s more, the addition of the imaginative play component allows your three-year-old to serve your customers a burger makes playtime even more fun. Take aim and grow those gross motor skills by launching these dinosaur rockets into the sky! “This helps work on coordination and strength by making them go sky high!” Sanschagrin notes. Plus, these interactive toys are just $20 on Amazon, making it a budget-friendly toy to snag. “With summer fast approaching, I would recommend gardening and insect catcher toys that parents can easily purchase at dollar stores, Walmart, or Target,” Sonia Pruneda-Hernandez, PhD, acting dean of education and social sciences at Montgomery College —and doctorate of education with a concentration in early childhood education and higher education — told The Post. She recommended items like a bucket, shovel, trowel and watering can. Specifically, the Play22 12-Piece Kids Gardening Tool Set is one she brought to our attention for fun outdoor play. “Parents can also add items for insect catching such as a net, magnifying glass and insect catcher,” Pruneda-Hernandez adds. The Europa Kids Adventure Nature Explorer & Bug-Catching Kit fits the bill at just $25, and one our expert recommends. Do note that parents and caregivees should check and ensure that their three-year old can easily hold and manipulate the items with their hands before use. Saucer swings are great toys to have outside. “From a sensorimotor perspective, they facilitate various body movements through space,” Sanschagrin says. “You can even work on developing eye skills by tossing a soft ball to the kiddo while they are swinging!” Of course, three-year-olds may not be able to catch it, but being able to use their eyes to track the ball while their body is moving assists that development, per Sanschagrin. “You can even do bubbles so that your kiddo is looking in all different directions while swinging, teaching their nervous system and body how to accommodate with these new movement patterns,” she adds. “Musical sets are a great way to facilitate those fine motor and bilateral coordination skills,” Sanschagrin notes. “You can practice different rhythms and see if your kiddo can imitate and join in!” The Stoie’s International Wooden Music Set is less than $40 on Amazon, one that our expert recommends and is backed by more than 5,000 rave reviews. Plus, it includes a tambourine, a castanet, a hand drum, two hand bells, a maraca, a flute, a wooden block with a stick, a wood sounder with a stick and a chime bar with a stick. “Preschool age is the perfect time for kids to start discovering what they’re interested in — including music!” Mierzejewski shares. “This Loog Mini Acoustic guitar is great for kids this age because it’s easy for them to handle and gives the look of a real guitar.” With the Loog Mini Acoustic Kids Guitar, three-year-olds can start learning the basics with this three-string guitar, and even have a jam session with the grown-ups in their life who play, too. “A variety of musical toys such as the kit above allows children to develop their fine motor skills and their hand-eye coordination,” Pruneda-Hernandez explains. “Kits such as the one above can also grow with the child.” Whereas a three-year old may enjoy using the maracas, a four-or five- year-old may be more interested in the xylophone or rhythm sticks. “The kit also allows for more than one child or for an adult to be involved in the musical play with a child,” she adds. Right on the money, Cady also recommends this play bundle for musical fun. “Open ended music toys, like the Halilit Mini Orchestra, all offer chances to experiment and jam along to rhymes, rhythms and favorite songs,” Cady highlights. For less than $30 on Amazon, this four-pack is perfect for six-month-olds and three-year-olds alike, thanks to its musical, take-around-with-you nature. “Piano mats can be used for similar skills to the musical sets but on a gross motor scale,” Sanschagrin says. “See if they can imitate different walks across the keys to make similar rhythms and sounds. According to Sanschagrin, it’s also great for sensorimotor skills being able to discriminate between the keys and for understanding the way the mat feels different then the floor as they move across this interactive toy. “This introductory microscope is perfect for curious kids and will encourage them to discover new things,” Mierzejewski shares. “They can explore close-up looks at different objects around the house or that they find in the backyard.” The beginner microscope has big and chunky dials for them to focus, so it’s easy for little hands to maneuver and perfectly sized for three-year-olds, too. “This math activity set not only has the educational benefits of a learning toy, but also the developmental benefits of tactile play, so it’s a true two-for-one,” Mierzejewski adds. “It’s packed with tons of activities and facts for kids to learn about turtles, but also provides the tools for open-ended play as well.” This STEM-based toy includes turtles of three different sizes, six colors, six shell textures and six belly shapes, adding to how it’s a wonderful sensory toy in addition to a learning-development aide. “Social-emotional learning is so important for three-year-olds, and this adorable pineapple is great for helping kids identify, recognize and communicate their emotions,” Mierzejewski notes. Aside from being adorable and unique, this toy helps develops important coping habits and communication skills that will serve as an important foundation for mental health, too, according to Mierzejewski. “For a three-year-old, the Montessori Peg Board Toy helps a three-year-old understand 1:1 correspondences, cardinality and subsitizing [the ability to instantly recognize the number of objects without actually counting them],” Cady highlights. Be sure to note that pegs are choking hazards on this one, but they make ones with larger pegs as well, if highly concerned. “This pegboard has so many developmental skills to facilitate,” Sanschagrin shares. “Fine motor for putting the pieces in, visual skills to put matching colors in the right spot and problem solving to identify which piece goes where and how to locate it.” Not to mention, the AMOSTING Color-Matching Mosaic Pegboard she recommends is less than $20, comes in vibrant colors and is on-the-go friendly. “Hammer and nail toys are wonderful toys to expand creative play as well as fine motor skills like precision and bilateral coordination,” Sanschagrin adds. “Visual skills can be used by trying to match a visual model and example.” Not to mention, a three-year-old holding a hammer in their hands help improve their critical thinking skills, like how to allow for a certain piece to firmly grasp the included board. “This puzzle features families of mixed races and ethnicities, encouraging diversity, inclusion, and representation,” Mierzejewski highlights. “This Black-owned company was founded by a mom who wanted her son to feel represented in the toys he played with, and now it expands that offering to all kids.” Even better, parents can build along with their kids as they piece together this puzzle that stresses the importance of playing together and kindness. “Shape sorters have so many developmental benefits for kids this age, including fine motor skills, shape and color recognition, introduction to cause and effect and experimentation, and more,” Mierzejewski lists. “This set of activity cubes stands out because it is brightly colored and engaging — and kids can stack the cubes as well, in addition to just sorting the shapes, opening up more possibilities for open-ended play.” Plus, there’s much variation with this Amazon toy. With four nesting cubes, three numbers, three letters and seven fun shapes, your three-year-old will praise this stackable toy over and over again. “The Melissa & Doug Mix ‘n Match Wooden Bear Family Dress-Up Puzzle is great for three-year-olds,” Cady recommends. Not to mention, we recommend nearly any toy from the brand as they’re (1) adorable and (2) always a hit with our nieces. “This puzzle sorter helps build upon self-help skills and pushes toward dramatic play,” she adds. “The Melissa & Doug Primary Lacing Beads Educational Toy is wonderful for three-year-olds and older,” Cady shares. “It helps develop fine motor skills, patterning, counting and sorting. For less than $20, you won’t find a more interactive or colorful toy, either. With an included play box, it’s especially perfect for neatly storing in your playroom. “Small puzzles are great for spatial orientation and fine motor skills,” Sanschagrin notes. “Having smaller puzzles makes it less overwhelming to see when your puzzle is ‘done'” You can downgrade this activity by taking a picture of a completed puzzle and let your three-year-old use that visual model to complete the puzzle, she recommends. “Cube puzzles are a fun way to address in-hand manipulation and fine motor skills as well as problem solving and visual skills,” Sanschagrin adds. “The borders along the outside of the puzzle can help give spatial reference while in the process of building the puzzle.” To better help your three-year-old learn about common farm animals they’ll find in preschool and kindergarten, we approve of this affordable toy that’ll keep your little one engaged for hours, too. What better way to play than with everyone’s neighborhood-friendly superhero? “This set is awesome because it features look-and-find activities so kids stay busy,” Mierzejewski notes. “Plus, this Marvel-based story will deeply engage your little one, especially if they’re fans. “This book is just one of many celebrity biographies that will be available from this line,” Mierzejewski shares. “Parents will love sharing their love of Bey with their little ones and the nostalgia of the Little Golden Books that they had as a kid. It’s the perfect inspiring story for young readers.” Not to mention, it’s a super fun gift for the Beyoncé-loving parents in your life. “Providing children books with pictures that include diverse people is critical,” Pruneda-Hernandez notes. “Regardless of the age, children should be able to visually see people in books that look like them and those that are around them.” That said, our expert shares that “Milo Imagines the World” by Matt de la Peña as one of her favorite books for three-year-olds. “Another one of my favorite books that I still keep in my own home for nieces that visit is ‘Carmela Full of Wishes,'” Pruneda-Hernandez shares. It also is wonderful to promote diversity and representation, infused with a unique hopeful tone that’ll help spread optimism to your three-year-old. “One of my personal favorites is ‘Too Many Tamales’ because it brings back memories of my childhood,” Pruneda-Hernandez shares. Not only does it help explain numerical quantities and living in abundance but it’s also available in Spanish, so it’s especially ideal for ESL students. “Other books that I recommend are books include Eric Carle’s ‘The Very Hungry Caterpillar,'” Pruenda-Hernandez adds. And, according to Sanschagrin, we love a good storytelling set! “You can incorporate so many interactive activities to engage with this Felt Learning Toy Set  bundle, Sanschagrin adds, also recommending Carle’s best-selling read. “My favorite is putting the pieces away from where I’m reading the story and have the kiddo do a silly walk to go find the corresponding stuffed item.” This way, you’re adding movement which can regulate their nervous system in a way that increases their ability to focus on the book or story, according to Sanschagrin. “My occupational therapist heart adores these Poke-Dot books,” Sanschagrin adds. “It’s an interactive way to talk about animals while using that index finger to poke each dot.” Much like reusable bubble wrap, this interactive book can help develop fine motor strength and coordination. Not to mention, our nieces deem this one of their favorite books to pull out of the bookcase. “Kids love to mimic what they see grown-ups doing, and this little tractor is a great way for them to get their hands on some power tools in a very kid-friendly way,” Mierzejewski highlights. “The battery-powered drill and large, chunky screws are easy for preschoolers to maneuver and the Johnny Tractor’s face is so adorable!” Sanschagrin also recommends this toy, as it’s great for cause and effect, executive functioning, motor planning, and bilateral coordination. “They can play around with spatial relationships outside of their body as well, like focusing on how far the car is from the wall rather than themselves as the reference point,” she adds. Kids can not only build with their favorite Sesame Street character, but they can also color with this set! “Since there are multiple activities, kids will stay busy for awhile,” Mierzejewski says. “The kid-safe magnetic building pieces are fun for kids to construct with, helping them to hone their spatial awareness, motor skills and more.” Children’s blocks that allow for a variety of uses in play make great toys, and this Melissa & Doug Standard Unit Solid-Wood Building Blocks is recommended by our expert. “Blocks should not just be squares but come in a variety of shapes to include spheres, rectangles, triangles and squares so children can build in many different ways.” Pruneda-Hernandez recommends. “Blocks not only provide children the opportunity to enhance their fine motor skills and eye-hand coordination, but allows them to problem solve and begin to use their critical thinking while building.” “Building sets that not only have blocks, but gears provide opportunities for cognitive development and opportunities to test hypothesis, make wonderful toys,” Pruneda-Hernandez recommends. That said, she recommends the Learning Resources Gears! Gears! Gears! 100-Piece Deluxe Building Set for an engaging, well-varied bundle that’ll keep your three-year-old as busy as a bee. Building toys are a staple toy for toddlers. And, Magna-Tiles can teach three-year-olds spatial relationships, problem solving, bilateral coordination and creative play. “The open-ended-ness expands their imagination on top of the motor skills developed,” Sanschagrin adds. “You can even practice working on emotional regulation if the structure they build doesn’t work out (i.e. falling down or can’t figure out how to build how they want) by talking through different strategies for calming enough to solve their problem.” “Bristle Lock Tiles are similar in their skill building as the Magna-Tiles, however they require more strength,” Sanschagrin explains. “There’s also more flexibility for tile assembly rather than depending on the magnet attraction.” Additionally, this toy adds an interesting sensory aspect with different textures to explore. This interactive dashboard from Melissa & Doug provides ton of tactile and imaginative play for preschoolers. “They’ll love to pretend to drive as they move the steering wheel and engage with all of the other interactive features,” Mierzejewski adds. “Plus, it’s PAW Patrol, so it’s a guaranteed hit for your little one.” “My recommendation for vehicles for three- and four-year olds are those that allow them to experiment with,” Pruneda-Hernandez says. “Bulldozers, excavators and dump trucks all can be used in many different ways, providing young children opportunities to experiment, explore and manipulate with their hands.” For a two-pack that’s less than $30, it’s a wonderful unisex toy as well, especially for sandbox play. Contrary to popular belief, vehicles do not have to have sounds or need to be battery operated. “Vehicles without batteries should be durable to be used indoors and outdoors in dirt or sand,” Pruneda-Hernandez shares. “Vehicles provide children more opportunities to use their imagination to make their own sounds.” Not to mention, parents, teachers or caregivers can enhance the play opportunities by interacting with the child while they play. Pruneda-Hernandez recommends that the adult gets on the floor or grass, play with the child and  converse with the child during play. Simply put, the Hot Wheels 4-Lane Elimination Race Track Set is “simply perfect for three-year-olds!” as expressed by Cady. Backed by nearly 4,000 rave reviews, your three-year-old can speed up to four cars down the track in each of the four lanes (which merge into two, making it a unique toy that they’ll adore). What better way to work on grading muscle force and motor planning than a pull back toy car? “Your three-year-old will get to think through how their movements will impact the future of the car’s path,” Sanschagrin adds. Oh, and they’re quintessentially adorable. “A durable tricycle that will last for several years and can even be passed down to another child is my recommendation,” Pruneda-Hernandez says. “For children just turning three, parents or caregivers should be able to push the child when taking the child out for walks.” However, the push handle should easily come off when children no longer need that support. Tricycles build children’s gross motor skills, too, according to our expert. Three words: balance, coordination, and body confidence. “Balance bikes offer a chance for children to rely on their own sense of balance to navigate the use of a bike,” Cady explains. “Without pedals, children can focus on balancing and coordinating both sides of their body while using the bike, building skills and muscles to have eventual success with a future two-wheel bike.” Sanschagrin also recommends balance bikes for three-year-olds, namely the Yvolution Y Velo Balance Bike that comes in a wealth of vibrant colors. “Balance bikes are great beginner bikes to work on bilateral coordination — using both sides of your body, arms and legs to work together in a coordinated manner — as well as core strength and overall balance,” she adds. “This is a great way to introduce beginner bike skills!” Push button ride-on-cars are so much fun (and, are ones that’ll keep your three-year-old entertained for hours on end. “They help develop those bilateral coordination skills by steering correctly and even hand strength by maintaining that push button to GO!” Sanschagrin explains. “I really like the Cozy Coupes because they do have a push option for parents but they also give the kiddo the option to use those feet and develop leg muscles and overall gross motor coordination,” Sanschagrin says. Of course, parents and caregivers all need a break from time to time, so having the option to push your three-year-old around the neighborhood when they need a little rest is a great option to have. “It also can help with their body awareness for when they are climbing in and out of the car while maneuvering the door,” she adds. “Disney toys are always wildly popular, but they are this year especially with the Disney100 anniversary celebrations,” Mierzejewski adds. “Classic fashion dolls allow kids to engage in creative storytelling and imaginative, open-ended play, and these allow kids to do so with their favorite Disney characters!” At a great value, kids can build up a whole Disney squad to create their own adventures. “Stuffed animals that are durable, easy to wash, and do not have parts that may become loose or fall off are the best purchases,” Pruneda-Hernandez explains. “Children may become attached to a stuffed animal and may want that toy at all times since it may provide them comfort.” The stuffed animal or doll is going to depend on the child and, if a child becomes attached to a stuffed animal or doll, the child may keep that toy for many years. “”I still have a koala from my childhood that I was attached to and I just turned 50 this year,” she adds. “I love weighted stuffed animals for my kiddos that I work with,” Sanschagrin shares. “It can offer deep pressure as a tool to regulate and calm themselves, especially when they are feeling anxious.” What’s more, the weight can also provide good feedback for where their body is in space, essentially helping them feel ‘ground’ to the world. It’s also perfect for imaginative play. Squishmallows can also offer a safe sensory experience. “The texture often encourages squeezing of the toy which can also offer similar deep pressure benefits as the weighted animals,” Sanschagrin adds. “They make for great comfort items and sleeping companions.” Ahead, our team of child development experts provide insight into the three-year-old age group and what defines playtime at this stage. For more, check out our expert-backed guides to the best toys for one-year-olds and two-year-olds. Three-year-olds are like two-year-olds in the sense that they’re moving, but they’re noticing more, according to Hirsh-Pasek. Ahead, she details all of the wonderful learning stages three-year-olds — generally — are up to in age. Of course, every three-year-old has a different imagination and a different view of play. However, it’s most important to find a toy that suits their needs as they’re becoming more curious by the day. “I highly recommend toys that allow children to explore, use their imagination and will enable them to hold or use their hands easily,” Pruneda-Hernandez says. “Children should not become frustrated with toys that may not be age-appropriate such as providing a three-year-old with a fifty-piece puzzle.” What’s more, parents, teachers and caregivers should always review the manufactures age range for a toy. “Three-year-olds may put toys or items in their mouths, so toys with small pieces that children may swallow are inappropriate,” she adds. There’s a multitude of evidence recognizing the importance of play in children. According to Sanschagrin, at age three, one of their primary occupations is play which is a massive facilitator of their learning. Overall, staple toys for the three year old age group would include building toys (like Magna-Tiles and LEGO), shape sorters, drawing and coloring toys (like MagnaDoodle), and open ended pretend play toys (like Little People sets), per Sanschagrin. “Toys introduce kids to the foundations of storytelling, coding, creativity, dexterity and more thorough fun and engaging play patterns, so they spark curiosity for a future love of learning,” Mierzejewski explains. “Through play, three-year-olds can develop their motor skills, start to learn the basic concepts of STEM skills, flex their imaginations, and start to role-play what they see adults doing through pretend play.” During this age, kids can also start to establish physically active and social-emotional habits early that they will carry with them as they grow. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content: