A kinky couple has been slapped with a $1,200 fine after cops were called to a hotel room where they were engaged in loud and “rough” sex. Jamie Boultbee and Kaylie Hursthouse awakened other guests at the Moorlands Izaak Walton Hotel in Staffordshire, England with “overexuberant intimacy” on Valentine’s Day. Three guests had to be moved to new rooms after complaints about the couple’s ear-splitting shenanigans, according to The Mirror. Hotel staff was forced to call the police after the noisy pair ignored repeated warnings to quiet down. Boultbee and Hursthouse appeared in court earlier this week where they both pled guilty to criminal damage caused by their amorous antics on Feb. 14. They agreed to pay $600 in compensation to hotel guests who had to be relocated to different rooms, as well as additional costs for a damaged door. Prosecutor Karen Wright told the court: “The police were escorted to Room 25, where the parties were. It was clear they were causing a noise nuisance and disturbance.” Cops discovered Hursthouse “heavily intoxicated” and smelling of alcohol. “She was slurring her words and was unsteady on her feet,” Wright declared. “Boultbee was lying in bed. Hursthouse said the reason for the noise was them having rough sex.” Boultbee’s lawyer, Mike Kimberley, told the court that his client is an alcoholic and that the man’s girlfriend planned the hotel stay as a Valentine’s Day treat. “The young lady saw he was suffering from depression and thought it was a good idea to go away for a romantic night. They were totally inebriated, angry and whatever,” Kimberley claimed of the loud lovemakers. Kimberley added, “The manager came. He was fully cooperative and Boultbee did say he would pay for any damage. He remembers kicking the bathroom door. The hotel has to be compensated.” According to Kimberley, his client has 33 previous convictions for 65 offenses. The lawyer said Boultbee’s doctors have told him that if he does not change his current lifestyle he could be dead within the next two years. Meanwhile, Hursthouse’s lawyer, Mark Bromley, says the brazen blonde has expressed remorse over her amorous antics. “Unfortunately this planned romantic overexuberant intimacy caused a disturbance for other residents of the hotel,” the legal eagle told the court. “She accepts that she should pay towards the problems that were caused.” Boultbee was handed a 12-month conditional charge sentence. Hursthouse — who has no prior convictions — was given a six-month conditional discharge.