US Rep. Marjorie Taylor Greene slammed Jane Fonda after the actress supposedly joked on ABC’s “The View” that she’s “thought about murder” when fighting for abortion rights. Speaking on “The View” on Friday, Fonda said the country would not “go back” on abortion despite the reversal of Roe v. Wade, and when asked what people can do aside from marching and protesting, she quipped: “I’ve thought about murder.” The comment turned heads on the talk show, with the hosts playing it off as a joke as the crowd laughed when Fonda, 85, fired back with a serious look. In a series of tweets over the weekend, Greene, a Georgia Republican, said she would be reporting Fonda for allegedly threatening her and other anti-abortion advocates. “I routinely get death threats because of the nasty women on The View and the things they say about me,” Greene tweeted as she dubbed herself an “unapologetic pro-life politician.” She added: “But calling for us to be assassinated makes The View, the hosts, the producers, the network, the advertisers, and everyone involved responsible for death threats, attacks, and potential murders of Pro-Life politicians and activists. I am reporting this.” Greene went on to further insult the actress, writing: “By the way @Janefonda your eggs are dried up so you don’t have to worry about getting pregnant anytime soon, so you can retire from demanding baby murder now.” The congresswoman also called on the FBI and Justice Department to get involved, saying it would be hypocritical to target anti-abortion protestors but not Fonda. “The @FBI and @TheJusticeDept have targeted Pro-Life protestors for praying outside of abortion clinics,” Greene wrote. “They better step up and hold @Janefonda and @TheView accountable for calling for the murder of Pro-Life Politicians like me. I will not be voting to fund the FBI and DOJ unless the two-tiered justice system is stopped.” Greene continued to vent on her personal Twitter account, sharing a clip of Fonda’s comments and lashing out against Democrats. “Jane Fonda (and many Democrats) want you and me ‘murdered’ for fighting to protect the most innocent in the womb. Believe Democrats when they say the quiet part out loud. Sounds like they want us dead,” she wrote. Fellow Republican Rep. Anna Luna, of Florida, said she had notified US Capitol Police about what she claimed was Fonda’s call to “murder pro-life politicians.” Lila Rose, president and founder of the anti-abortion group Live Action, also condemned Fonda’s comments on “The View.” “Actress and abortion activist Jane Fonda calls for pro-life politicians to be murdered. Murder to protect the murder of children. Pray & work passionately against this darkness,” she wrote. Fonda has since brushed off her comment as “hyperbole” telling Newsweek: “While women’s reproductive rights are a very serious issue and extremely important to me, my comment on The View was obviously made in jest. “My body language and tone made it clear to those in the room, and to anyone watching, that I was using hyperbole to make a point,” she said.