As part of their coaching reorganization over the winter, the Mets hired Eric Hinske as assistant hitting coach. Hinske, 45, was part of World Series-winning teams with the Red Sox (2007) and Yankees (2009), and served as hitting coach under Mets general manager Billy Eppler during his Angels tenure. Hinske later worked as a Diamondbacks hitting coach. In his new job, Hinske’s practical experience should complement hitting coach Jeremy Barnes’ more analytical approach. A player for 12 years and seven different teams, Hinske this week spoke to Post Sports+ at spring training. What comes to mind from your Yankees tenure? Eric Hinske: Winning. I was on one of the best teams ever. Teams that go to the World Series have expectations from Day 1 of spring training, and that’s what’s going on right here. It’s an honor to be part of that. Your role is not so much on the analytics side, but more based on your experience as a former major league player. Do the players here know who you are or do you have to explain it to them? EH: I’m getting a little older now, so they’ve got to YouTube me, but Jeremy [Barnes] does a great job with all the analytics, the data side of it, and knows the swing mechanics super well, the kinematic sequence. I’m educated on all that. I definitely can speak the language, but I’m more of a yin and yang from him. I’m trying to be the guy that stood in the fire that can talk approach and walk [a player] through every at-bat and let them know I’m available for them and I love them. I’ll be there for them every day. Is there any hitter you’ve taken to the most so far and really connected? EH: I’m just trying to get relationships with all of them. Pete Alonso and I are meshing really well, and Francisco Lindor, too. I had Eduardo Escobar and Starling Marte in Arizona, so I already have known those guys and I think they’ve been speaking highly of me, which helps with the dudes in the clubhouse, coming in the cage. I’m positive, man. I’m in Positive Town all the time, and I just want these dudes to be happy. I want to be a part of their everyday routine and I want them to see my face when I walk in the cage. Have you worked with Ronny Mauricio? Can you take credit for his three homers in this first week? EH: [Laughing]. No. He’s a very special talent. He’s showing you right now what he can do, and he’s hungry. I’m happy for him, and he deserves everything he’s about to get. What’s the challenge of entering a situation here where everybody seems to be coming off a good year offensively? EH: I think we’re managing swings here, not building them, so I’m just getting in there and making sure they’re staying on top of their routines … getting in the slot every day and just working on their hands and their lower halves, and it’s been great. Billy Eppler was the GM when you were the Angels hitting coach. What do you recall about working for him? EH: He’s a great communicator. He’s transparent. He’s not going to lie to you. He’s there and available and he comes into the clubhouse. Some GMs you’re around, if you see the GM, he’s negative — he’s looking for someone to yell at. Billy is not that way. He’s very personable and a truth-teller. You come in there and he’s going to talk to you about what he needs to talk to you about and he’ll joke around with you, but it’s business here, for sure. Who has the loosest personality on this team? EH: Lindor and Escobar. They’re the two guys that are always loud and they’re always getting everybody in a good mood, and it’s great to be around those dudes. They’re happy every day. You kind of fit that mold, so what is that dynamic like? EH: I just choose Positive Town, always. This game is pretty negative, and we’ve got to stay in our lane inside this building and get our work done and be happy and take that to the game every day. Your tattoos are famous. They cover your entire back and upper arms, like a T-shirt. How did that originate? EH: That was part of my journey as a player. I was getting tattooed every offseason, and I did it for about 10 years and I was making some money and winning World Series, so I wasn’t going to stop. If I had to do it again, the pain of it, I would not, and I wouldn’t recommend it to anyone. But I have them and they’re part of me in my journey. Secrecy has shrouded the Mets’ talent show, which is scheduled for Friday morning as the first team-bonding event of spring training. The list of acts was so long that it had to be trimmed. The event is being taken seriously. One player staying in the same hotel as Brett Baty texted the rookie third baseman earlier this week about possibly grabbing dinner and was told no. Baty had to practice with his group for the show. Francisco Lindor’s wife, Katia, a concert violinist, is expected to perform. It’s likely there will be other team-bonding events this spring. Last year in spring training, Max Scherzer organized an indoor golf gathering. Scherzer has indicated to teammates he might host a gathering at home for the Mets. And in previous years, the Mets have planned group outings for bowling, poker games and shark fishing. After the success of last year’s Old Timers’ Day — which hadn’t been held by the team since 1994 — it’s surprising the Mets aren’t planning to stage the event again this season. Though they still plan to host Old Timers’ Day periodically, this season’s big alumni event will be the Mets’ Hall of Fame ceremony on June 3. The new inductees are Howard Johnson, Al Leiter, Gary Cohen and Howie Rose.