Prince Harry and Meghan Markle are going to be looking to recoup the $2.8 million they spent on revamping Frogmore Cottage now that it’s no longer theirs, according to a royal expert. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex were handed somewhat of an eviction notice by King Charles, who had asked the couple to “vacate” the property. It’s said that Harry and Meghan were “stunned” by the order disguised as a request, and will now be looking for a hefty refund to hit their accounts. “I am sure that will be something the bean counters at Buckingham Palace would have factored,” the Sunday Times royal editor, Roya Nikkhah, told True Royalty TV’s “The Royal Beat.” “I don’t think Buckingham Palace would give them notice, evict them and not be mindful of the fact there is a certain period left to run on the lease. Harry and Meghan renewed the lease last year, and I am sure they will be looking to get that money back.” “I do not think that will be a problem — it’s more about the optics,” she went on, adding that it “implies that the King doesn’t care about the optics of that decision.” “It’s his decision; he is making it and has done it,” Nikkhah added. King Charles kickstarted the eviction process from the plush five-bedroom property back in January — just one day after Harry’s bombshell memoir “Spare” hit the shelves. The exiled royals were gifted the home by the late Queen Elizabeth II, who died in September aged 96, as a wedding present. They reportedly paid five months of rent for the home after resigning from the royal family in March 2020, before shelling out a total of $3.3 million to cover the costs, licensing the home as their own until March 31, 2022. “The payment covers all their current obligations,” Sir Michael Stevens, Keeper of the Privy Purse, confirmed in 2021. “We are confident that it represents a good outcome.” “The Duke and Duchess of Sussex have made a substantial contribution to the Sovereign Grant that covered the refurbishment costs of Frogmore Cottage.” The former “Suits” actress and Harry now reside in their $14 million Montecito, Calif. mansion with 3-year-old Archie and daughter Lilibet, one. The home stayed in the family since the Sussexes moved across the pond. Princess Eugenie and her husband Jack Brooksbank have been residing at Frogmore since November 2020, but will now have to pass the baton to Eugenie’s scandal-scarred father Andrew. For his part, Andrew’s recently been given the boot from Buckingham Palace and is looking at another potential eviction from the Royal Lodge — a residence on the grounds of Windsor Castle. The Post has reached out to Buckingham Palace for comment.