Chris Rock said “welcome to Miami” on Oscars night. The comedian, 58, spent the evening at a viewing party for the 95th Academy Awards on Sunday and his surprise attendance shocked guests — especially stand-up comedian Whitney Cummings. The “Made of Honor” star, 40, had been standing on a bar in Miami, Florida, when she spotted the “Grown Ups” actor coming towards her, as seen in a Twitter video. “Chris Rock is in the f – – king building!” she excitedly yelled into a microphone while downing a drink. The bash was held by Xeomin Aesthetic, an injection used to help lessen frown lines in between eyebrows. At the 2022 Oscars, Will Smith smacked presenter Rock following a joke the latter made onstage about his wife Jada Pinkett Smith. As a result, the “King Richard” star — who won the golden trophy for Best Actor that same year — was banned from attending the ceremony for 10 years. Jimmy Kimmel hosted the Oscars on Sunday and he didn’t hold back from taking shots at the infamous slap heard around the globe during his monologue. “Five Irish actors are nominated tonight — which means the odds of another fight again onstage just went way up,” the late-night emcee, 55, joked. “So, we have strict policies in place, if anyone in this theater commits an act of violence at any point during the show, you will be awarded the Oscar for Best Actor and permitted to give a 19-minute-long speech,” he quipped. He then noted that the academy had a crisis team in place “if anything unpredictable or violent happens during the ceremony.” Kimmel then took a swipe at the audience of A-listers, telling them to “just do what you did last year” when the smackdown occurred — “nothing.” “Sit there and do absolutely nothing, maybe even give the assailant a hug. And if any of you get mad at a joke and decide you want to come up here and get jiggy with it, it’s not gonna be easy,” Kimmel laughed, referencing Smith’s iconic dance song. In Rock’s recent Netflix comedy stand-up special “Selective Outrage,” he spoke about the onstage Oscars hit. “Everybody called that man a bitch,” Rock said about the media’s response to Smith’s marital issues before the Oscars went down. “And who’d he hit? Me! A [N-word] he knows he could beat. That is some bitch-ass s – – t.” He then quipped about the smack’s pain: “It still hurts! I got ‘Summertime’ ringin’ in my ear!”