Macklemore has had a whirlwind 24 hours. Following the release of the charming “No Bad Days” music video directed by his seven-year-old daughter, Sloane, the Grammy-winning rapper dropped his fifth album “BEN” and then announced ‘The ‘Ben Tour’ that will bring new music as well as the radio staples you know and love like “Thrift Shop,” “Can’t Stop Us” and “Same Love” to fans all over North America this fall. Yes, that all really happened on Friday, March 3. And, midway through the 20-concert run, Macklemore, whose real name is Benjamin Hammond Haggerty, will make a stop in the Big Apple when he plays New York City’s The Rooftop at Pier 17 on Sept. 22. For fans who can’t wait to grab tickets to see Macklemore “deliver great fits, hits and so much more” as he declared on Instagram, we’re here to dish out an assist. Although inventory isn’t available on Ticketmaster until Friday, March 10, fans who want to ensure they have tickets ahead of time can purchase on sites like Vivid Seats before tickets are officially on sale. Vivid Seats is a secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand. They have a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and will be delivered before the event. At the time of publication, no opening acts for ‘The BEN Tour’ have been announced yet. A complete calendar including all upcoming ‘Ben Tour’ dates, venues and links to buy tickets can be found below. As noted earlier, Macklemore’s long-awaited album “BEN” is his first in six years. Over the course of 15 tracks, Macklemore rhymes over synths, horns and alongside catchy falsetto hooks while often dealing with mortality. If that sounds like a sonically diverse experience, you’d be right. “BEN” is also all over the place thematically which isn’t a bad thing — it’s just a lot. The record is heavy in places (“DAY YOU DIE”), glib about social media in others (“LOST/SUN COMES UP”) and occasionally overly joyous like in the jubilant lead single “CHANT” featuring Tones and I. All that being said, Macklemore fans will certainly be pleased with “BEN” — it’s Macklemore at his most vulnerable and showy all at once. You can buy the album here. In addition to the exciting album and tour news, Macklemore also recently appeared on The Tonight Show to address his recent struggles with addiction as well as his painful relapse during the pandemic. “A big part of my recovery community is going to physical 12-step meetings,” he shared with host Jimmy Fallon. “Once those stopped, I was alone, and the disease of addiction was like, ‘Yo, this is crazy. The world has stopped. You can get high.'” Although he’s doing better, Macklemore added, “It’s the one disease that tells you, ‘You don’t have a disease.” “Now,” he said, “I am doing my best.” If your or someone you know is struggling with substance use disorders, you can call the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration National Helpline at 1-800-662-4357. The service is free, confidential and available in English and Spanish. Spring has sprung and hip-hop is already back in a big way. Here are just five of our favorite artists taking their bars back on the road over the next few months. • Wu-Tang Clan with Nas • Lil Wayne • Legendz of the Streetz Tour featuring Rick Ross and more • Future • A Boogie Wit Da Hoodie Want more musical options? Check out our list of the 52 biggest concert tours in 2023 here.