Guess what time it is. We’ll give you a hint: it’s what everyone’s preparing for right now, and begins with tax and ends with season. As you’re gearing up to file for 2022 (side note: don’t forget the April 15 deadline), it’s important that your wealth of expenses, income statements and other financial information is well-organized to ensure the inevitable process isn’t a crippling chore. That’s where QuickBooks Online comes in. The easy-to-use online service provides the right tools for your entire business, including the ability to auto-track income and expenses, accept credit card payments, integrate payroll and time tracking for your employees and more. That said, it’s one of our favorite platforms to take full advantage of if you’re a small business owner — or, if you’re looking to start one relatively soon. Plans include the Simple Start ($15 a month), the Essentials ($27 a month), the Plus ($42 a month, and the brand’s most popular) and the Advanced ($100). With all plans, rest assured that QuickBooks Online will equip you with free guided setup, giving the experts full rein to streamline the starting phase of using the platform. Not to mention, as a small business owner, you’re juggling many hats. From hiring and managing employees to spearheading the operations for your established company, running through your company’s financials is likely the last thing you want to be doing after a long day. Ahead, we highlighted some unique features characteristic of QuickBooks Online to keep in mind as you’re on a mission to organize and maintain your finances. QuickBooks Online truly makes it fast and simple to understand the ebbs and flows of your finances. Namely, QuickBooks Online has a Live Bookkeeping feature (of which you can get a free consultation for), with the service allowing a QuickBooks-certified bookkeeper to manage your books with guaranteed accuracy. This service allows your personal bookkeeper to fulfill the following tasks, which are great to consider as you’re preparing for tax season: Though the most popular plan to use is the QuickBooks Online Plus ($43), its most affordable plan, Simple Start, has a wealth of features that will ready you for tax season. In terms of getting your finances in order, you’ll appreciate all of that plan’s features and areas of organization: free guided setup, income and expenses, invoice and payments, tax deductions, general reports, receipt capture, mileage tracking, cash flow, sales and sales tax, estimates, contractors and a Connect 1 sales channel to automatically sync your online sales to QuickBooks Online. Just think: for less than $30 more a month, you’ll reap the benefits of QuickBooks Online Plus, the plan allowing for up to five users to have access, to organize all of your bills in one place, to enter employee’s time by client and/or project, to track products and other inventory and to project your small business’ profitability by tracking all of your projects in one place. While QuickBooks Online isn’t an official tax filing program, it’s à la carte service that’s customizable to your needs — including financial preparedness if you’re a freelance or independent contractor. So, if you’re self-employed, you can get started with QuickBooks Online for just $7.50 a month. This will help you stay tax-focused all year long, understand unique tax deductions you may be eligible for and keep tabs on your finances while you’re growing and scaling your business on the go. More specifically, QuickBooks Online allows you to track income and expenses, capture and organize receipts, estimate your quarterly taxes, run year-by-year summaries of your work activity — like invoices sent and miles driven — and more. With QuickBooks Online, rest assured you’re signing up for one of the best financial preparedness platforms that’ll streamline this year’s tax filing process. It’s New York Post Shopping-approved, and we recommend it to all the self-starters and small business owners we know on the regular. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.