The Odell Beckham Jr. sweepstakes is heating up. The free-agent wide receiver, 30, is “now in talks” with several NFL teams following his highly buzzed-about workout Friday in Arizona, NFL Network reported Sunday. Further, Beckham “has made no financial demands,” despite reports floating around that he is seeking $20 million per year. And while “there have been no negotiations” as of Sunday afternoon, it is believed the process will “ramp up soon.” Beginning Monday at 12 p.m. ET, NFL teams can begin contacting free agents and enter into negotiations with them before the start of the new league year on Wednesday at 4 p.m. ET. Beckham is working his way back from a torn ACL he suffered over a year ago during Super Bowl 2022 for the Rams. Although Beckham embarked on a mini free agency tour late last season, which included visits with the Cowboys, Bills and Giants, the former first-round pick did not sign with a team for the 2022 season. Despite missing a whole year of play, there was no rust for Beckham to shake off Friday when he made his signature one-handed catch in front of 12-14 NFL teams. The Bills and Giants were among the teams to watch Beckham in action in Arizona, along with the Chiefs, Patriots, and Ravens, among others. Although the Cowboys were noticeably absent, the club’s interest in Beckham hasn’t waned. “I did have a very impressive (conversation) with the most important one in this whole proposition. That’s his mother. It was really easy for me to see where Odell got a lot of his pluses. She was very impressive. You can see where he gets a lot of the things he has,” Cowboys owner Jerry Jones said, per the Fort Worth Star-Telegram. Beckham began his NFL career with the Giants in 2014, when he was drafted 12th overall. He was traded to the Browns before the start of the 2019 season and lasted two-and-a-half years in Cleveland. Beckham joined the Rams midway through the 2021 season and went on to win his first Super Bowl with Los Angeles. Days after capturing his first championship, Beckham savored a different kind of life-changing event: the birth of his first child, son Zydn, with longtime girlfriend Lauren Wood.