She’s hung up on another younger man. Insiders are saying that Madonna has a new lover in her life: 29-year-old boxing coach Josh Popper, according to the Daily Mail. Popper is training one of Madonna’s children at Flatiron District gym Bredwinners, according to the report, and is also on this season of Bravo’s Hamptons reality TV show “Summer House.” The 64-year-old split from her latest boy toy, skateboarder and model Andrew Darnell, 23, just last week. But on his Instagram page two weeks ago, Popper posted a series of photos of him and Madge at his gym. In one of the snaps, the Queen of Pop can be seen wearing a long, black coat with her arm around Popper’s, her mouth touching his bicep. The “Vogue” icon — never one to “bow down” to critics of her age-defying style — also follows Popper on Instagram. The Post has reached out to Madonna’s reps for comment. The eternal “Material Girl” shared the same photo of her hugging Popper’s arm in an Instagram Story, writing in the caption, “In a male driven culture, there are always exceptions.” She followed up with another snap of her clutching a punching bag, writing, “Hard to ignore the reality … that most women get demolished.” On the website for Bredwinners, the gym describes Popper as a “lifelong athlete and a full-time coach.” They add that “Josh is no stranger to sports, but there is something about boxing that transcends his love for movement.” The two have not announced their romance publicly and have yet to confirm or deny it. Although one source said the pop star was “not broken-hearted” over her recent split, they admitted that it came “at a bad time,” as she’s been “having a bit of a crisis of confidence.” Madonna made headlines recently for her appearance at the Grammy Awards, where she showed up looking “unrecognizable” — according to vocal fans — during her speech introducing Sam Smith’s performance with Kim Petras. A few weeks later, after publicly shouting down her critics on social media, Madonna tweeted that her surgical swelling had gone down — declaring that she looked “cute” as she showed off a close-up of her face on the social media platform. During a recent interview on SiriusXM’s “The Howard Stern Show,” singer Pink admitted that she believes that the Queen of Pop “doesn’t like her.” “She tried to kind of play me on ‘Regis and Kelly,’ and I’m not the one, so [it] didn’t work out,” the singer claimed, before declaring that she will always love the influential Madonna, no matter what. Meanwhile, Madonna is mourning her brother Anthony Ciccone, who died on Friday. A source told Page Six that she had been footing the bill for her sibling’s stay in a Michigan rehab center at the time of his death.