The South Carolina woman who narrowly survived a harrowing abduction in Mexico shared a heart-wrenching post about the death of Shanquella Robinson just months before her own ordeal. Latavia “Tay” McGee, 35, is one of four Americans who were kidnapped under cartel crossfire in broad daylight in the border city of Matamoros on March 3. She and Eric James Williams were found alive Tuesday morning, but their friends Shaeed Woodard and Zindell Brown were killed. In an eerie and tragic coincidence, McGee shared a Facebook post mourning Shanquella Robinson’s death in Mexico just months before her traumatic abduction. “I have always explained to my children and others that would listen that just because you … have commonalities and spend time with people that does not make them a friend,” reads the screenshot referring to “the young lady that was killed in Mexico” that McGee, a mom of six, shared to her personal page on Nov. 16. Robinson, 25, of Charlotte, was found dead under suspicious circumstances on Oct. 29 at the rented San José del Cabo villa she was sharing with friends. Mexican officials initially attributed her death to alcohol poisoning, but a video subsequently emerged that showed the clothing designer being brutally beaten by one of her friends. As of late February, Robinson’s family was still agitating for justice as the Mexican homicide investigation remains stalled thanks to international red tape. “Friendship isn’t determined by time spent having fun or how long you’ve known someone,” the original post shared by McGee continued. The South Carolina native captioned the image “Barbara told me,” seemingly referring to her mother, Barbara Burgess. Burgess, 54, told ABC earlier this week that McGee traveled to Mexico to undergo a tummy tuck procedure. The older woman worried about her daughter’s safety, but told the outlet that McGee reassured her, “‘Ma, I’ll be fine.’” As of Wednesday afternoon, there are no updates on McGee’s condition or when she will return home. She and Williams, who was shot in the leg, were transferred to a hospital in Brownsville, Texas, on Tuesday. The FBI and the DEA are reportedly investigating the incident with the Mexican army. Sources told The Post Wednesday that the abduction may have been a case of mistaken identity.