She came across as Uber entitled. A social media influencer is being labeled “entitled” online after she shamed an Uber Eats driver for taking a bathroom break while making her delivery. A tweet detailing her correspondence with the courier currently boasts 11.9 million views on Twitter. “This is f–king disgusting and unprofessional as f–k!!!” Ariana Fletcher, 27, wrote to her 2.3 million followers on the platform. “@UberEats I canceled my order so fast, I’m never using Uber eats another day in my life. Y’all workers doing s–t like this F–KING GROSS!!!!!!!!!!!!” The fashion mogul had also included a screenshot of her alleged convo with the delivery person on the Uber Eats app — complete with the woman’s name and license number. In the convo, the deliverywoman wrote that she needed “one moment” as was “just using the restroom.” This pre-delivery potty stop did not sit well with the online entrepreneur, who wrote: “can you please bring my food to the door before you do that?” “My concierge is waiting on you,” added Fletcher, who frequently shares modeling shots with her 5.8 million followers on Instagram. The woman replied, “I’ll have my husband do it.” Unfortunately, her sympathy bid rang hollow with the Twitterati, who accused the influencer of unfairly bathroom-shaming the hapless Uber Eats worker. “This is gross behavior on YOUR part,” fumed one critic of the alleged toilet shaming. “Human beings deserve the right to a bathroom break.” They added, “They drive most likely all day delivering food without access to a bathroom at every location. You’re just impatient and entitled.” “Y’all just be professional victims at this point,” said another. “If you mad she using the bathroom…wanna guess what the people who actually cook the food do,” observed another. Meanwhile, other detractors chastised Fletcher for including the woman’s name and license plate number in an apparent bid to sic the corporate hounds on her. “You don’t have to go to the bathroom ever while you work?” wrote one incensed commenter. “You’d be cool with people sharing your license plate and name with your employer and all of social media because of that? Why would you treat a worker like this? What’s wrong with you?” Some even claimed that the delivery woman had been wrongfully accused given her last message, which suggests that she didn’t actually take the food to the bathroom. “She clearly didn’t take it to the bathroom,” declared one. “She left it w her husband.” “She didn’t take your food in the bathroom,” clarified one. “She said she’ll have her husband do it, which means it was still in the car. You’re just being entitled and mean.” Nonetheless, Uber Support subsequently reached out to Fletcher on Twitter, writing: “Hey Ari — we’re very sorry about this and understand the concern here. We’ll be reaching out shortly in-app.” “If you fire her… I’m canceling my account ASAP,” wrote one Twitter user in response. Fletcher is one of many influencers to be accused of living in an online ivory tower cordoned off from the real world. In September, a TikTok star was dragged online after allegedly bellyaching about the “insane” life of an influencer, which apparently includes such hardships as clocking off at 5:19 p.m.