TAMPA — Whether he makes the Yankees as their starting shortstop or not, top prospect Anthony Volpe already has made quite an impression in camp. They all love his athleticism and his attitude. They say he has the “it” factor. It doesn’t hurt that he’s a Jersey boy, either (Watchung). At 21, he’s giving himself a chance in a shortstop competition with Oswald Peraza and the incumbent Isiah Kiner-Falefa. Peraza, who was very good late last season, may be a slight favorite for now, but all eyes are on Volpe. Legendary Yankees second baseman Willie Randolph, who is mentoring Volpe as a guest instructor in spring, said, “I see a young kid with a lot of talent. I like a lot of the gifts I see, not just physical. I think for a young player he’s very mature and has a great feel for the game. I preface that by saying he’s a baby. Pump the brakes a bit. I think we need to get a sample size while he’s in the fire.” The natural comparison is Derek Jeter, Volpe’s idol. But Yankees exec Tim Naehring sees a little Dustin Pedroia in him in that “he’s got an edge” that may help him perform even better than his considerable talents. Volpe has played just 22 games at Triple-A, so though he’s had a nice start to spring, they’d like to see over the next few weeks whether there’s a real shot to win the shortstop job. “I just want to take this camp as a huge learning experience,” the very respectful Volpe said. “I think it’s a very cool opportunity. I just want to keep getting better and be ready for the season.” Volpe is just No. 1 of many young prospects and phenoms impressing in spring training. Here’s a few more of the best among the youngest. 2. Jordan Walker, Cardinals, OF: He’s hit some balls that compare to the shots Mark McGwire used to hit. The two-time Cardinals Minor League Player of the Year at 20 is bidding to make the team, which isn’t easy. “He works hard, he cares and he’s prepared,” Nolan Arenado said. 3. Elly De La Cruz, Reds, S: The Reds most wanted Volpe and Oswald Peraza from the Yankees in Luis Castillo talks, but this guy isn’t bad. “Superstar in the making,” says one scout. For $65,000, they got five-plus tools. 4. Jasson Dominguez, Yankees, OF: Dominguez hit his third home run Thursday. “He’s made strides … it’s been pretty cool to see,” manager Aaron Boone said. 5. Masyn Winn, Cardinals, SS: Fantastic athleticism and a 100 mph arm from the left side of the infield. The Cardinals know how to draft and develop. 6. Ronny Mauricio, Mets, INF: Has big-time power thanks to a new physique. “Could be a superstar but needs to learn how to control the strike zone,” one scout says. 7. Lawrence Butler, A’s, 1B/OF: “Instinct on the bases and hitting attributes,” are making scouts take notice. A’s GM David Forst said, “Lawrence has had an excellent camp. Lots of hard contact and very confident at-bats.” 8. Ethan Salas, Padres, C: He hasn’t been unleashed in real games yet, but he could be the best one of them all. Just 16. 9. Tink Hence, Cardinals, RHP: Big arm in Cardinals camp. 10. Brett Baty, Mets, 3B: Looks like a future hitting star. 11. James Outman, Dodgers, OF: Considering their draft position, the Dodgers are as good as anyone at drafting and developing. He’s hitting .400 out in Glendale, Ariz. and should get opportunities with an outfield need for LA.