This guy has hat it with haters. A tall musclebound and tattooed hunk says he’s constantly reminded of how “ugly” he looks to would-be fan girls online. “Without a hat, I look awful,” said Steven, 34, an influencer from the United Kingdom known digitally to his 3.9 million TikTok followers as @Lord_Dermott, in his trending confessional about seeking a hair transplant. “I’m a hat-fish,” he added, implying that, like a “catfish” — someone who falsifies their identity or appearance on the internet with the intent of defrauding romantic suitors — he feels compelled to wear hats in order to bolster his image. In his slightly self-deprecating clip, which scored more than 1.9 million views as of Monday afternoon, Steven, a father of three, scolded a lady commenter who deemed his hatless appearance “not so gorgeous.” During the virtual rebuke, Steven explained that he’d gone to extreme lengths to mask his unattractive head, including undergoing surgery in May 2022 in effort to reconfigure his receding hairline. “Nearly a year ago, I flew out to Turkey to get a hair transparent to fix these issues that narrow-minded people are picking on,” he said, in part, before removing a baseball cap to reveal his forehead. “I know I’m ugly,” added Steven, in direct response to his hater’s criticisms. “I agree with you.” He continued, “The difference between me and you is, I’m a nice person. I have a good personality.” The fed-up fellow then challenged his detractor to reveal her true self online for public scrutiny. “Take your makeup off,” Steven urged, “make a little video … let’s see what you look like with your ugly-ass personality and a face with no makeup.” And an impressed audiences applauded Steven for handsomely striking back at his attacker. “You could be hairless and be beautiful. She is blind as a bat,” gushed a commentator. “IDK what she is lookin at but I see a handsome man!,” insisted a separate admirer. “Tell the haters! You look goooddd,” cheered another. Men, too, chimed in, praising Steven’s hat-free hotness. “I’m a man and you are a great looking man, I’m not afraid to tell anyone that they look great,” flattered a kind dude. “Sir you took your hat off and I was gay all of the sudden, don’t sell yourself short,” another wrote. In a previous post, Steven, who livestreamed his hair transplant procedure, blasted knockers for teasing him about being gifted his hair transplant procedure by company Now Hair Time. “I have wanted this done for years and years and year,” he barked. “I was even going to go down the route of having a strip of hair glued to my head just to see what it looked like.” He went on to explain his motivation for publicizing the surgery and his results, saying, “I wanted to make other men who feel vulnerable about their hairline — know that it’s okay to get it done. I did it for the benefit of everybody else. “When you realize that it’s okay for other petiole to be happy or do better than you,” Steven said, “you will become a better person.”