To paraphrase Russian playwright and absolute Aquarius Anton Chekov, “Don’t tell me the moon is shining; show me the glint of light on broken glass.” For a recent crop of romantic hopefuls, TikTok has become that broken glass. The moon phase soul mate TikTok trend promises to reveal true relationship compatibility between two lovers based on the phases of the moon on their respective birthdays. A lunar cycle is comprised of eight specific moon phases; the New Moon, Waxing Crescent, First Quarter, Waxing Gibbous, Full Moon, Waning Gibbous, Last Quarter, and Waning Crescent before going back to black and the New Moon phase again. Consequently, this trend is gaining momentum under the loud light of the facts over feelings, calculations over intuition full worm moon in Virgo. In astrology, the moon represents our tender underbellies, emotional nature, childhood wounds, and attachment style. The moon is synonymous with the divine feminine, maternal nourishment/detriment and rules the zodiac sign of Cancer. The phases of the moon that we are born under and live through have a powerful influence on how we make our way through the world. The theory of the full moon phase TikTok trend maintains that if you combine the moon phase of your birthday with your partner’s, the more they make a full moon, the more likely you are to be destined for love. Follow the steps, or dare I say, PHASES  below to make your own soulmate trend TikTok: If this challenge makes you feel confident in your relationship and bolstered in spirits then proceed and praise be. If the experiment left you questioning your lover and feeling full tilt “Total Eclipse of the Heart,” rest easy in the knowledge that this cut and paste soulmate s–t has no roots in, nor relationship to the practice of astrology. Astrologers divine true compatibility though synastry, a practice of illuminating the birth charts of individual and the aspects and energies betwixt them. The moon holds heavy bearing on affinity and compatibility but this TikTok move is a dicey oversimplification of an established art. Try on this trend if you need an escape but take it with a grain of salt/sliver of moon/healthy level of skepticism. Remember, attached or not, you are full, bright and absolutely enough all on your own. Astrology 101: Your guide to the stars Astrologer Reda Wigle researches and irreverently reports back on planetary configurations and their effect on each zodiac sign. Her horoscopes integrate history, poetry, pop culture and personal experience. She is also an accomplished writer who has profiled a variety of artists and performers, as well as extensively chronicled her experiences while traveling. Among the many intriguing topics she has tackled are cemetery etiquette, her love for dive bars, Cuban Airbnbs, a “girls guide” to strip clubs and the “weirdest” foods available abroad.