The Issue: The Post report that it’s costing taxpayers $4.6 million to provide for migrants in New York City. The Post reports that New York City is paying $4.6 million per day to provide for illegal immigrants sent to New York from the southern border (“$4.6 million a day,” March 4). This stat is staggering, and requires urgent intervention before we go broke. Our state legislators and president are completely responsible for the crisis we face today. It was caused by implementing their radical, narrow- minded agendas. As if the economic crisis isn’t bad enough, we’re in the midst of a crime wave, increased homelessness, increased gun violence and a failed public school system — to name a few. I’m certain $32 million per week could help alleviate the suffering of many Americans impacted by these crises. J.P. Norris Southold This is getting crazy. $4.6 million a day comes to more than $1.6 billion a year. Imagine what could be done for the homeless in New York with that much money. Imagine that money going to New York’s infrastructure. Biden is responsible for this. His open-border policy is bringing this country to its knees. Charlie Honadel Venice, Fla. I can barely think or write straight — $4.6 million a day to house and feed illegal immigrants. There are thousands of homeless Americans sleeping on park benches, many of them veterans, and we give these illegal immigrants free hotel rooms and three squares a day — and don’t forget free medical care. This is so disgusting and surreal. I wish I could afford to retire and move somewhere else. America is not the greatest anymore. Pete Sulizcki Milford, Conn. This is another reason to flee the once-greatest city in the world. Liberal New York City and New York state are decaying at a very fast rate. Now we see that $4.6 million a day of taxpayer money is going to feed and house 30,000 illegal migrants living better than New York’s poor and homeless veterans. It’s time for the failed mayor and governor to go to the White House and tell Biden to cease and desist his open-border policies, or he’ll lose even New York’s bleeding-heart liberal voters. Instead of asking for money, tell Biden New York’s borders are closed to unvetted illegal immigrants. J.R. Cummings Manhattan The Issue: Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez’s late or non-payment of many of her expenses for the Met Gala. So the dress that Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez wore to the Met Gala should have said: “Tax the rich, but I don’t have to pay” (“AOC: Tax The Rich [But Stiff The Help],” Nicole Gelinas, March 6). Does it really surprise anyone that AOC is the poster child for political hypocrisy? I just wish her constituents would wake up. Amy Hendel Manhattan It’s always difficult to realize you have been played for a fool and your idol has feet of clay — albeit beautifully shod in designer shoes. Perhaps the signs of AOC’s hypocrisy can now be acknowledged by those who supported this fraudster. From the crocodile tears at the border (but only when she knew the camera was pointing her way) to her despicable elitist attitude toward the little people in this Met Gala scandal, she exemplifies a true communist wannabe. The politicians who push socialism are not interested in helping you. They will live like kings, and you will live like a pauper. Sharon Wylie Westport, Conn. Want to weigh in on today’s stories? Send your thoughts (along with your full name and city of residence) to letters@nypost.com. Letters are subject to editing for clarity, length, accuracy and style.