Say my name, say my name. A woman on TikTok claimed that her parents made a typo on her birth certificate, and she didn’t find out about the mistake until she was 15 years old. Gabby Mayor, who goes by the username @gabbbbb16 on the social media platform, shared more about the mishap in a video that has already reached over two million views. In the five-second clip, she sat in a pair of pajamas as she stared off into space, with music playing in the background that featured the echo of different voices. “Thinking about how my parents made a typo on my birth certificate and I didn’t find out until age 15 that my real name is actually Babrielle,” she wrote in white text in the video, presumably a misspelling of the name “Gabrielle.” The Post reached out to Mayor for comment. In the comments section on Mayor’s video, many seemed relate to her struggle, as some viewers claimed that their parents had done the exact same thing on their birth certificates. “My mom misspelled my name actually supposed to be sonya not sanya ,” one TikToker typed. Another shared, “My legal name is Kristen but I have always spelt it Kristin and pronounce it Kristine. I didn’t know my name was Kristen until I moved out at 16…” “My parents didn’t notice my brother’s birth certificate had the wrong birthday till he was like 6,” someone else admitted. “Way too late to fix it so now he has 2 birthdays .” A second user revealed, “Same thing happened to me. Raised as Taelor only to find out at 18 I’m actually Tealor.” If there’s a typo on your birth certificate, it’s possible to get it amended, according to the New York City Department of Health — you have to submit a correction either by mail or by  in-person appointment. However, others tried to make Mayor feel better about her “new” name. “Babrielle goes hard tho,” a viewer wrote. Another viewer suggested, “The way I would own this and call myself Barbie.” In other birth certificate news on TikTok, in September, one woman shared that she had the same thing happen to her, but instead, her misspelled name sounded like a “dirty word.” User Chloe claimed that her dad misspelled her name on her birth certificate, too, and revealed that her real, legal name is “Chole.” “Yes way my name is C-hole, coal, chole — however you want to pronounce it,” she admitted in the clip.