At least some Albany Dems are willing to look New York’s ugly crime reality in the face — and take the actions demanded by the public to fight it. Two new bills aim to give law enforcement and the courts some tools to fight back against crime that’s soared statewide in the wake of the left’s disastrous criminal justice “reforms.” One, from state Sen. Jessica Scarcella-Spanton (D-SI) and Assemblyman Manny De Los Santos (D-Manhattan), would make it a Class D felony to attack retail workers — like bodega employees, often victimized by thugs — and so make the crime bail-eligible. That is, give them the same protection as cops, firefighters, and MTA workers, as well as livery drivers and utility workers. Another equally sensible proposal, from Sen. Kevin Thomas (D-LI) and Assemblyman Jeffrey Dinowitz (D-Bx.), would make petit larceny a felony if committed within two years of a previous conviction (as well as hiking max jail sentences for first-time felons). Given that a huge slice of crime is committed by recidivists — as De Los Santos notes in his Post op-ed — with only 327 criminals accounting for 30% of New York’s 22,000 retail theft arrests in 2022, this proposal is long overdue. These plans are heartily endorsed by Collective Action to Protect Our Stores, an advocacy group that speaks up for retail workers. Those workers have been marginalized and ignored by crime-loving progs, who prefer to coddle crooks in the name of “equity” rather than make sure cashiers and mom-and-pop owners are safe, as Gotham sees a 22% overall surge in crime. But these bills will face a tough time even making it to the floor. The Legislature’s leaders are dead-set against serious changes to their pro-criminal handiwork, even resisting Gov. Kathy Hochul’s modest proposal to clarify the no-bail law so judges don’t think they’re obliged to avoid ordering bail even when the law clearly allows it. It’s still a sign of hope: If enough Democratic lawmakers start demanding action on crime, the leadership will have to bend — or face a richly deserved revolt.