Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez comes closer every day to being a new Marie Antoinette, cheering the loss of jobs for average Americans as she herself is embroiled in an “I don’t have to pay” scandal. To news that Amazon’s pausing construction on a headquarters campus in Virginia, AOC tweeted Friday: “In the end, we were right.” Well, no: “We” — Ocasio-Cortez, state Sen. Mike Gianaris and the other progressives who opposed the deal — didn’t argue that Amazon HQ planned for Queens would never get built: Their gripe was that a ginormous corporation would get some tax breaks out of the deal. That the move would bring tens of thousands of good-paying jobs to the city (and more for construction) didn’t matter. These would have been the “wrong” sort of jobs, apparently. And so New York lost out; Amazon instead planned two other East Coast campuses, and now the Virginia one’s on hold as the company falters in the major economic headwinds produced by the drunken-sailor spending and anti-biz policies AOC and her party have imposed. Meanwhile, the progs sent a clear message to job creators: Don’t even think about coming to New York. So much for AOC’s constituents in Queens. “We were right”? Such is the humility of the Squad leader, who now stands exposed as flouting House ethics rules to finagle free tickets to the 2021 Met Gala (face value $70,000),  perhaps the swankiest social event of the year. That’s the one where she wore the posturing “Tax the rich” dress. Yet now it emerges that  her office badgered the designer into lowering the gown’s already-chopped-down price. She got a discount on her shoes, too. Indeed, until the ethics probe got started, she was also stiffing the make-up artist, hairstylist and car service she used that night. Way to show solidarity with the little people. And it seems such sleaze is “the way of the Squad,” several of whose members now face ethics investigations. Funny how people who so loudly claim they’re fighting for the oppressed keep turning out to have a taste for taking care of . . . themselves.