Come again? A Tennessee woman said her sex life has been sizzling since she started “manifesting” her orgasms. Cassie Brooks, 39, turned to the practice two years ago when she and her husband, Monte, 47, were simply “going through the motions” in the bedroom. Eager to spice up their sex life, Brooks came across “sex magic,” a type of manifestation that utilizes “energy within” in order to produce a desired result. “We have to be intentional when we truly want to connect with each other, and sometimes it’s easy to push sex aside because we’re tired,” the accounting clerk told NeedToKnow.online, noting that she and her husband work opposite schedules. “I love my husband, but sometimes he has the emotional range or spiritual depth of a door knob,” the former coven member shared. “For me, sex magic has deepened our connection.” While sex magic is often used for self-pleasure, it’s traditionally much more involved than simple “manifesting.” In 2020, Vice writer Helen Meriel Thomas detailed her dabbles into the kinky craft, claiming it was a multi-step ritual that involved setting intentions, breathing exercises and, to no surprise, masturbating. For some, the intention might be as simple as a climax, but for others, they can “channel all of the electric energy of your orgasm into” the visualization of any goal, according to author Kristen Sollee. Some sex magic proponents also charge their sex toys in the moonlight or carve sigils on candles to burn. Manifesting in general is also not a new concept, having been endorsed by a slew of celebrities including Megan Fox, who has claimed she manifested her fiancee Machine Gun Kelly when she was just a child. But while many have expressed skepticism about the practice, Brooks said manifesting through sex magic actually works. “Sex magic can be whatever you want it to be, much like the act itself can,” she explained. “You can do it by yourself or with your partner and still get the manifestations you desire. “That part is always about intention. The rest is up to you.” Brooks said that her husband Monte is more of a passive participator in the manifesting process, but she’s happy to help him achieve his own form of bliss. “If he’s struggling with something, I make sure to use the right scent, put on the heels or lingerie piece that will quickly be discarded to help set the tone,” she said, noting that despite his energy not being “intentional,” “it still counts.” The pair now schedule regular sex sessions where they will bask in each other’s presence, and touch each other in ways that foster energy that they release “into the universe.” “There are some immediate effects because you are charged and aware of what you just did, but as the afterglow of an orgasm surfaces, so does the energy created and released into the universe,” Brooks enthused. “Sometimes it takes time for magic to work, but that’s part of the whole thing – trusting the process.”