The goat may not be out to pasture after all. Rich Eisen, the NFL Network anchor, spent the week in Indianapolis and dished on several rumors that he heard at the NFL Scouting Combine, including a juicy one concerning a possible Tom Brady un-retirement. “This one just blew my mind: Tom Brady might not be done after all,” Eisen said. “A couple people were just like, ‘Hang on, just you wait.’ And I was like, ‘He’s Instagramming out pictures of his cat.’ But it doesn’t look like he’s getting big and fat, does it? Let it play out. Let’s see who wants what.” Eisen then named the Dolphins as the potential destination. “The one place that folks are saying to keep an eye out for is Miami,” Eisen said. “If the Dolphins, somehow or some way get a doctor’s report or piece of information from a medical evaluation of Tua [Tagovailoa] that he may not be ready to go, and suddenly there’s Tom Brady sitting in Florida, where his family is located and where he can easily locate himself,” Eisen said. “Keep an eye out on that, I was told by a couple birdies at the Combine.” While the Buccaneers won the NFC South and made the playoffs, Brady had his first losing year as a starter this past season, and the team got bounced by the Cowboys in a 31-14 drubbing in the wild-card round of the playoffs. Brady un-retired in a video set on the beach soon thereafter. He also retired last offseason before changing his mind and embarking on a third season with the Bucs. The Dolphins have gone after Brady before, and got dinged by the NFL after a tampering investigation for their troubles. This past January, ESPN’s Adam Schefter reported that the Dolphins no longer had interest in pursuing Brady. The Dolphins have Tagovailoa at quarterback, but the 25-year-old suffered at least two concussions last season that put him out for multiple weeks at a time. Tagovailoa’s long-term future in the league has been questioned due to concerns over his well-being. Brady got divorced from model Gisele Bündchen during this past season; Bündchen owns a home in Miami.