Sports betting has officially made its way to Massachusetts and in-state residents can get their hands on a great new customer offer from Caesars Sportsbook. New bettors can use the Caesars Massachusetts promo code NPBONUS1BET to get a first bet up to $1,500, and if it loses, Caesars returns it all back in bet credits. If you’re located somewhere else, you can use promo code NPBONUSFULL to claim Caesars’ regular offer. This offer is basically the same as the Massachusetts one, except it’s a first bet of $1,250 that gets returned back as bet credits if it loses. The Boston Celtics get back on the court again tonight with a matchup against the Hawks in Atlanta and it’s a perfect chance to use either new customer offer. Both offers can be used for any sport on Caesars Sportsbook. Click the links below to learn more. The Caesars Massachusetts promo code NPBONUS1BET lets new customers claim up to $1,500 in bet credits. All it takes is a first bet of at least $10, and there’s no reason to stress about losing money because the amount wagered on losing bets are returned back in bet credits. Promo code NPBONUSFULL works the exact same way, except up to $1,250. If you win, you receive your winnings just like normal. The promo code NPBONUSFULL also allows users to get 1,000 Tier credits and 1,000 Reward credits just for signing up. After two full days of rest, the Celtics get back on the court tonight in Atlanta for the start of their six-game road trip. Caesars Sportsbook lists Boston as a five-point road favorite and I like that bet. The Celtics are the clear better team and enter this game with a significant rest advantage. The Hawks will be on the second night of a back-to-back after a road game against the Washington Wizards last night. They’ll come in with no rest, while Boston hasn’t played since Wednesday. That’s not a recipe for success for Atlanta. Even if rest wasn’t a factor in tonight’s game, the Celtics are just better than the Hawks and should be capable of beating them on any given night. Jayson Tatum is having an amazing season, averaging 30.3 points per game, and Jaylen Brown has also been great once again. The Hawks are a talented team and will certainly be a test for Boston, but I think the Celtics’ fresher legs make a difference late in the game. Take Boston to cover on Caesars Sportsbook with the home court, so use the Caesars Massachusetts promo code NPBONUS1BET. If you or a loved one is experiencing problems with gambling, please call 1-800-327-5050 or visit gamblinghelplinema.org for 24/7 support. LiveChat with a GameSense Advisor at GameSenseMA.com or call 1-800-GAM-1234