The devil may wear Prada, but the rest of us may need something a bit more affordable. Designer items are coveted for a reason, as their high quality and limited quantities drive us to want them — especially when celebrities and magazines show just how luxe they look. However, lately over on TikTok and other social media platforms, shoppers have found a way to achieve high fashion looks without breaking the bank. Designer dupes can be found all over — if you know how to look. There are sites dedicated to the made-in-China exact replicas like DHGate and AliExpress to name a few, but the legalities of getting carbon copies of designer items are not always worth the risk. Don’t be too defeated, as there are still plenty of places to get legal and high-quality designer dupes, such as accessible sites like Walmart, ASOS and more. Don’t loaf around dragging your feet on this designer purchase when you could have a dupe of the Gucci shoes for a fraction of the price. If you want the Gucci brand loafers, we did find them at Farfetch for $1,100, ranging in sizes 34 to 42. For the more affordable option, head over to Steve Madden for a $89 pair that are almost identical. If none of these are quite right, we also have a dedicated dupes roundup for the chunky loafer trend, so check that out after scooping up the rest of the designer lookalikes on this page. No need to lug out to the outlet mall for a great deal on designer items when you can get a dupe. The stunning Bottega Veneta tall Chelsea lug boots are an investment, and if you’re up for it, they are still sold on the site for $1,450 and come in six different colors including black, dark green, pale brown, white and more. However, should you want to save some cash for the rest of the items on this list, check out the ASOS style for $68 Get Golden Goose lookalikes without spending actual gold on them. Unless you want to, that is. In that case, the sneakers can be found at Nordstrom in a variety of colors and patterns, all pre-beat up as per the trend. The white and silver pair we found goes for $605, stars and scuffs included. For the more frugal among us, we found a site called Goodnight Macaroon that has a sweet deal on the shoes. They cost $94 and also have six styles to choose from including a silver pair as seen above, gold and even animal print. If there is a loophole when it comes to designer fashion, you can bet we’ll find it. These mesh heels from Bottega Veneta are pretty iconic, with holes covering the square two and back and a strappy tie at the top. The designer shoes come in four colors including green, teal blue, black and white, each priced at $1,100. The discounted dupes we found are sold at Milanoo, coming in a variety of colors that aren’t far off from the teal or bright green of the Bottega’s. They also have the same mesh and square toe, but only cost $35. The iconic Cartier Love Ring can be found on a few sites, including 1stDibs where we found this diamond-covered silver ring for $2,450. You can shop around on the site for more Cartier options to buy or bid on, each of which comes from a vetted seller. If you want the look and could care less about real gemstones, head here for one of the best deals. Get a Cartier-inspired ring in gold, silver and/or rose gold combinations for $12.99 total. Shoot for the stars, or Saturn in this case, but pay the price of an average Earthling. The Vivian Westwood choker blew up on TikTok as the must-have accessory of the summer and comes in both silver and gold on her site. The chain is made of faux pearls and an imitation Rhodium setting, but the sparkles come from real Swarovski crystals, retailing for $240. To save a few bucks, Shein is the next best option, with a plethora of pearl planet necklaces to choose from. If you have a TikTok or know any Gen Z folks, then you’ve seen this necklace. The original one is from designer Martha Calvo and it’s called the “Famous” necklace. While this style is no longer on her site, we did find it at Nordstrom, which is a bit less than it used to be should you want to take advantage of the current price. If you still think that it’s a bit too pricey, check out Frasier Sterling. It isn’t exact, but the pearls and the smiley faces make it pretty close. Plus, this style is waterproof and can be customized with your initial. Let’s link up and we’ll share another dupe with you. David Yurman has some stunning pieces, including the beloved chain-link silver bracelet, with alternating plain and striped links. This one is made of real sterling silver and costs $395 in the medium size. For a budget item, Ross Simons carries a super similar bracelet, down to the alternating link detail, now on sale for $99. Flip through your wallet and skim some cash off the top to splurge or save on this three-piece set. If you chose to splurge, Skims is worth it. The super-soft items from Kim Kardashian are sold a la carte, or you can make a bundle of a top and pants and then add the robe to your cart. The tank top is priced at $52, the pants are $88 and the long robe is $128. If you want all three items but can’t justify the price, Shein has a package deal for only $26 that includes the tank, pants and a robe. We smell a dupe! The popular-for-a-reason YSL perfume “Black Opium” is a must for any collector of fine scents, smelling of black coffee and vanilla. It can be found at Sephora, so start saving up your rewards points for the $155 bottle. Or, you could head to Walmart and get the perfect dupe. Dossier made their “Ambery Vanilla” an exact replica, and for only $29. Mirror, mirror on the wall, which is the best dupe of them all? It was actually hard to find just one, as there are many dupes on the market. We all know and love the infamous Gleaming Primrose mirrors from Anthropologie, but since they range in price from $548 to $1,598, we wanted to find another option. That option is Wayfair, as this also gleaming mirror is a fraction of the price, at $133. Don’t cheat… or do if you want this viral cheetah blanket. The original blanket is Kardashian-loved brand Barefoot dreams, that will set you back about $180. Or, head to HomeGoods for a replica that comes in a nice gray color. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.