A new flavor of Girl Scout cookies has already become so popular that it is reselling online for $100 or more. The “Raspberry Rally” cookie made its debut on Feb. 27 as an online-only addition to the Girls Scouts’ annual lineup of treats. Within hours of the launch, stocks of the highly anticipated treat sold out for troops across the country. While Girl Scout cookies typically sell for around $5 per box, demand for “Raspberry Rally” has sparked a spike in prices on the secondary market. Listings on eBay for boxes of the Raspberry Rally cookies are hovering around $100, with some as high as $199.97 at the time of publication – even though Girl Scouts marks all cookie packaging as “not for resale.” The listings noted that the particular cookie variety was “sold out” or “hard to find” in other venues. A Girl Scouts of the USA spokesperson confirmed that the cookies have sold out online and urged customers to buy products directly from the organization rather than other sources. “We like to remind all cookie customers that the proceeds stay local and are critical to fund troops’ activities throughout the year,” the spokesperson told Insider. “We encourage cookie customers to find a local booth to try different flavors if their first choice isn’t available, or donate to their local council’s cookie donation program to support the largest girl-led entrepreneurship program in the world,” the spokesperson added. It’s unclear if the organization is planning to restock the variety. The Post has reached out for further comment. Girl Scouts of the USA sells cookies as an annual fundraiser meant to raise money for the organization’s operations. “The thin, crispy cookie is a ‘sister’ cookie to the beloved Thin Mints, infused with raspberry flavor instead of mint and dipped in the same delicious chocolaty coating,” the Girl Scouts said in a release last year. The flurry of resales has caused frustration among some local Girl Scout leaders. “It’s taking away that opportunity from a girl,” Jessica Martin, a product program director for Girl Scouts of Ohio’s Heartland, told local news outlet WBNS. “For them to learn and practice their business skills.”