Prince Harry gave Stephen Colbert a big whiff. The always controversial “Spare” revealed a few of his favorite things via a series of 15 bizarre revelations on Tuesday’s episode of “The Late Show.” Host Colbert, 58, grilled the Duke of Sussex, 38, on his various eccentricities during the pre-recorded “Colbert Questionert” segment. His favorite smell? “My wife,” Harry told Colbert of Meghan Markle, 41, before joking that his least favorite smell is Colbert. The host also asked Harry to share his favorite sandwich: It’s a “cheese and ham toastie with Dijon mustard on top.” “Like a panini press?” Colbert pondered. “I have to be sort of careful with these questions because the Americanisms to the British-isms, it’s very different,” Harry said. “Got me and my wife into a little trouble at the beginning of our relationship.” The prince was then asked what the one thing he needs to throw out is. “Ripped boxer shorts,” he said. However, Harry explained that he didn’t want to toss them due to the happy memories attached to them. When asked what animal he’s most afraid of, the prince said: “I don’t like sharks but at least they’re contained to the ocean. Snakes can get anywhere.” Next, Colbert asked Harry if he prefers apples or oranges. “Oranges, duh,” said the prince. And it just got weirder from there. “There’s something cannibalistic about that,” Colbert joked, referring to Harry’s ginger-hued hair. “If we bite you, you get gingivitis,” Harry shot back. Colbert then inquired if Harry ever asked a celebrity for their autograph. Harry replied: “The England rugby team at the 2003 World Cup Rugby Final.” “What do you think happens when we die?” Colbert later asked. “I think we become animals,” Harry said, adding that he’d like to be reincarnated as an elephant. The series of rapid-fire questions also revealed that Harry’s fave action movie is “Gladiator” and that his favorite spot on an airplane is the “cockpit.” The father of two also shared that his favorite phone app is the BetterUp application. “It’s the quickest access to mental health coaching,” he said. Next, Harry said that if he could listen to one song for the rest of his life it would be: ” ‘[Your] Love Gets Sweeter Every Day’ by Finley Quaye,” before testing his psychic ability by guessing what number Colbert might be thinking of. “One,” Harry guessed incorrectly. And finally, Harry’s Top 5 words to describe the rest of his life are: “freedom, happiness, clarity, space, love.”