Colin Farrell was strutting the streets of Manhattan on Monday morning — but commuters didn’t realize they were eyeing one of Hollywood’s hottest hunks. The “Daredevil” star, 46, was unrecognizable while shooting scenes for the upcoming HBO Max series “The Penguin.” The Irishman is reprising his role as DC Comics supervillain Penguin, a part he first played in last year’s blockbuster movie “The Batman.” Penguin, a Gotham City mobster also known as Oswald Chesterfield Cobblepot, is one of Batman’s most enduring enemies, famed for his heavyset frame and receding hairline. In order to transform into the bulging baddie, Farrell wears facial prosthetics that give him multiple chins and pockmarked skin. The star’s signature bushy eyebrows and thick dark locks are also obscured by the work of Hollywood cosmetics. Farrell first revealed he was starring in the new spinoff series last month, saying he was excited to get back into character and delve into Penguin’s evil psyche. “There was all this extraordinary work done by [makeup artists] Mike Marino and Mike Fontaine and his team, and I just thought it was the tip of the iceberg, pardon the pun, that we were getting to do the six or seven scenes that we did in the film. I was grateful for them, but I wanted more,” he told Variety. “Honest to God, any thought I had about an extended series was to do with Mike Marino’s work,” the actor stated, cooing over the cosmetics king. “I just knew there was so much to do with it — age it up, age it down. He’s just such a genius, Mike, so it was his work that was the inspiration, really.” Plot details for “The Penguin” have not yet been revealed, but the limited series is expected to continue shooting for the next several months. However, Farrell is expected to take a quick break from filming this coming weekend to attend Sunday’s Academy Awards in LA. The heartthrob is nominated for Best Actor for his role in “The Banshees of Inisherin,” a performance that has won him widespread acclaim. However, the actor faces stiff competition from fellow nominees Brendan Fraser (“The Whale”), Austin Butler (“Elvis”), Paul Mescal (“Aftersun”) and Bill Nighy (“Living”).