Even Aaron Rodgers knows that there’s a “time limit” for his offseason decision. In an interview released Saturday with former Jets wideout Brandon Marshall at a flag football charity event, Rodgers said “it won’t be long” until he decides whether to remain with the Packers, retire or request a trade — with the Jets emerging as the likely destination after Rodgers met with owner Woody Johnson, general manager Joe Douglas, head coach Robert Saleh and offensive coordinator Nathaniel Hackett earlier this week in California. “It’s always interesting meeting important figures in the sport,” Rodgers said to the “I AM ATHLETE” podcast when asked about meeting Johnson. “It’s always interesting. That’s all I’m giving. That’s all I’m giving you.” When pushed by Marshall on whether Tribeca or Brooklyn could serve as a potential landing spot, Rodgers simply said, “stay tuned.” It sounds like a Rodgers trade has become the most likely option, at least based on comments from Green Bay president and CEO Mark Murphy at the Wisconsin Interscholastic Athletic Association girls state basketball tournament Friday. Murphy connected the phrase of “things don’t work out the way we want them” with the scenario of Rodgers serving as the team’s starting quarterback in 2023, signaling their comfort with allowing Jordan Love to inherit the starting job. “We’re very appreciative of what Aaron has meant to the team and the organization,” Murphy said Friday. “We want to be respectful and also help him achieve what he wants.” Rodgers has spent the entire offseason trying to figure that out, too. He embarked on a darkness retreat, emerged and then met with the Jets. Rodgers told Marshall that plant medicine has allowed the 39-year-old to “feel more present, more love for myself and more love for my people, my teammates, my loved ones.” Rodgers added that he has faced a feeling of being misunderstood, too “But I feel disassociated with needing to always set the record straight,” Rodgers told Marshall. “I think when you’re misunderstood — there’s stuff out there that is patently false — the ego wants to be like, ‘No, you’re wrong. You don’t know what you’re talking about.’ “But the peace of mind allows you to not care so much about that because I think we all really care about how we’re viewed, so it’s not that we don’t care about what people say, it’s which people. Which people do I really care about what they say? It’s the people in my inner circle. It’s the people I love and care about.”