“Truth Hurts,” doesn’t it, Victoria’s Secret? Lizzo is questioning the intentions of the lingerie giant’s announced revival of its annual fashion show after a four-year hiatus. “This is a win for inclusivity for inclusivity’s sake,” the 34-year-old pop singer quote tweeted a teaser clip for the show on Sunday. “But if brands start doing this only because they’ve received backlash then what happens when the ‘trends’ change again? “Do the CEOs of these companies value true inclusivity? Or do they just value money?” A company spokesperson did not directly address Lizzo’s comments. In a statement to The Post, they wrote that VS&Co is always innovating “to put our customer at the center of all we do and reinforce our commitment to championing women’s voices and their unique perspectives. “As we’ve previously shared, our new brand projection and mission will continue to be our guiding principle. This will lead us into new spaces like reclaiming one of our best marketing and entertainment properties to date and turning it on its head to reflect who we are today. We’re excited to share more later this year.” The Post has reached out to reps for Lizzo for comment. The fashion show was scrapped in 2019 after criticism that it was out of date for only hiring super-skinny supermodels to walk the runway. Stuart Burgdoerfer, the CFO of Victoria’s Secret’s then-parent company L Brands, said the show wouldn’t go on as the lingerie company worked to “evolve the messaging of [the company].” Meanwhile, brands like Aerie, ThirdLove, and even Rihanna’s Fenty x Savage included intimates and models of all shapes and sizes in their campaigns, catering to the body positivity movement. Lizzo launched her own line of shapewear, Yitty, in 2022. Sizes range from XS to 6X. Convicted sex offender Jeffrey Epstein’s alleged involvement in L Brands founder Les Wexner’s business operations didn’t help the brand’s reputation, either. Victoria’s Secret announced its rebrand in August 2021, doing away with their super slender Angels and introducing the VS Collective: a group of 10 diverse women with differing accomplishments and body types. The roster includes Hailey Bieber, Bella Hadid, Adut Akech, Priyanka Chopra, Megan Rapinoe, Valentina Sampaio, Paloma Elsesser, and Naomi Osaka.