True story: someone on the New York Post Shopping team (perhaps the byline you see above, but we plead the fifth) spilt bright red and lavender nail polish all over her textured white carpet. The shock, the horror, the instant vibrant stain — it’s all less than ideal, and we don’t want you to make the same carpet-ruining mistake. Seriously, we had to hire someone to replace that nail-polished spot, simply because we had no idea how to clean a carpet. (Related: best mops we reviewed and best vacuums we reviewed). So, we turned to a professional cleaning expert at Lowe’s (read more in our in-depth FAQ section below) to properly explain how to use a carpet cleaner and what to look for in the plentiful options on the market. “A carpet cleaner is great for extending the lifetime of your carpet and keeping its colors bright,” Gary McCoy, store manager at Central Charlotte Lowe’s, told the New York Post. “A quality carpet cleaner will depend on your needs, though you should keep in mind that models can vary in size, height, weight, portability and intended use.” To have you tending to your sudden mishaps without a worry, we also rounded up the best carpet cleaners of 2023, according to an expert, along with some New York Post Shopping-approved picks. With our below options — along with the best all-purpose cleaners and hardwood floor cleaners — ensure your space (namely, your area rugs and molding-to-molding room carpet) will be spic-and-span. Another option that may work for you? Washable rugs! “The Bissell Big Green Carpet Cleaner offers professional grade cleaning results,” McCoy says. “As an upright cleaner, it features a patented DirtLifter PowerBrush with 8 rows of bristles.” It also works with powerful suction to remove embedded dirt and stains and backed by nearly 15,000 positive Amazon reviews. “The Little Green ProHeat portable deep cleaner is a lightweight and compact machine that permanently removes tough spots and stains,” McCoy adds. “It’s engineered with patented Heatwave Technology to help maintain consistent water temperature while cleaning carpets, upholstery, stairs, area rugs, auto interiors or any other soft surface where stains can occur.” Bissell also offers a SpotClean Pet Pro Portable Carpet Cleaner ($155) that’s an Amazon best-seller and backed by nearly 13,000 rave reviews on Amazon. “This sleek and lightweight machine is tough on pet messes that take place on carpet and area rugs,” McCoy notes. “It features a two-tank technology so that you never have to clean with dirty water.” What’s more, the TurboClean is excellent at cleaning high-traffic areas and smaller rugs alike. “The DualPro cleaner works on carpet, upholstery and all those hard-to-reach places,” McCoy says. “It also comes with an Express Clean Mode, which helps to clean and dry your carpet in 45 minutes or less.” Plus, this nifty purchase features removable tanks and a nozzle, making post-cleanup a snap. “This model features the brand’s patented dual DirtLifter PowerBrushes with 10 rows of cleaning bristles, combined with powerful suction to remove embedded dirt and stains,” McCoy explains. “You can use the full-size machine to clean entire rooms or detach the patented Lift-Off portable pod to easily clean pet messes on stairs, upholstery and car interiors.” More, it’s rated an Amazon best-seller with nearly 13,000 rave reviews. “This easy-to-use carpet cleaner was designed with a low-profile foot to clean and maneuver under and around furniture,” McCoy says. “It promises a professional clean at half the weight of leading professional machines.” Not to mention, it helps eliminate more than 90% of odor-causing bacteria. “The Prolux Storm is a deep cleaning commercial grade carpet shampooer and tile cleaner,” McCoy notes. “This design allows the shampoo system to agitate the surface automatically as you clean, instead of having to manually scrub your floor surface.” And, if its easy-to-store design isn’t enough to sell you, its ability to reach grouted areas on tile flooring most definitely will. As made viral on TikTok, the FOLEX Instant Carpet Spot Remover is a must-buy, especially for a four-pack that’s less than $40. You’ll enjoy it’s spot-cleaning magic, its American-made formulation and how convenient it is to store in your laundry room (alongside your laundry detergents, of course). You already know OxiClean as a household name, and its Large Area Carpet Cleaner is the next best thing if you’re not looking for a full-service machine. Namely, it’s beloved by more than 12,000 people who have spilt nail polish, wine or other uh-ohs (you know the feeling) and is also compatible to use within a carpet cleaning machine. So, it’s versatile. We love Chemical Guys for its car-cleaning kits and its Foaming Citrus Fabric Clean Carpet & Upholstery Cleaner is perfect for those unexpected emergencies. Namely, it dissolves and removes dirt, odors and stains from automotive carpets, thanks to its quick-action foaming power. Ahead, McCoy gave us the 411 on all things carpet cleaners — including how to use them and what to look for in one. Surely, there are plenty of carpet cleaners on the market (which is why we, with the help of McCoy, listed the 10 best to buy above). That said, it’s important to keep specific notes in mind when searching for the perfect one for you. “If you’re looking for a heavy-duty carpet cleaner for tough stains and messes, you should consider an upright carpet cleaner, which makes it quick and easy to clean rooms that are fully carpeted,” McCoy suggests. “Alternatively, if you want more of a spot-cleaning tool for accidental spills or messes, you might want to go with a portable carpet cleaner, which are smaller machines that can also be used on upholstery.” Not to mention, carpet spot cleaners exist on the market (a large thanks to Amazon for having some pretty amazing ones), if you’re looking for a more affordable, quick-action option for a smaller surface area. “You’re going to see portable and upright carpet cleaners, with the main differentiator being portable cleaners are lighter and used for smaller messes, while uprights are typically heavier and used to clean entire rooms,” McCoy adds. “Solution-based cleaners use a specific carpet-cleaning liquid. The machine first creates a foam, which is applied to the carpet and then scrubbed with brushes to loosen dirt.” Let’s state the obvious — they clean your carpet. But, for a first-time user, there are some notes to keep in mind. “Carpet cleaners combine water, cleaning solution, motorized brushes and suction for deep cleaning,” McCoy explains. “You can find models designed to clean fully carpeted rooms and models designed for spot cleaning.” Most carpet cleaners do use solution. “The type of carpet cleaning solution you choose will depend on machine type, what kinds of ingredients you’re comfortable with and what benefits you’re looking for in a cleaner,” he adds. How often you use your carpet cleaner can vary depending on your lifestyle – pets and kids will naturally create more stains and messes – as well as your carpet type and age. But, as a rule of thumb, you should look to use your carpet cleaner every year or so. “Between cleanings, you should be taking care of your carpet through vacuuming, changing your HVAC filters regularly, and placing door mats near your entryways to collect dirt and debris,” McCoy adds. If you’d like to extend time between deep cleans, consider purchasing a carpet with enhanced durability and stain resistant technology. According to McCoy, while vacuums are well suited for lifting debris and assisting with everyday cleaning, carpet cleaners can be used for more heavy-duty cleaning like stain removal or lifting embedded dirt and grime from your carpet. “Carpet cleaners designed to clean up pet messes usually come equipped with the tools to lift tough stains and eliminate smells,” he adds. “They are also typically lightweight so that pet owners can clean harder-to-reach messes.” Yes! Most area rugs, unless washable, cannot go into the washing machine, so carpet cleaning is an excellent alternative to keeping your rugs fresh and colorful throughout the years. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.