Idris Elba responded to backlash Friday after an interview with Esquire UK where Elba said that he had stopped describing himself as a “black actor” since it limited his career. The “Cats” actor said it is “really difficult” for celebrities to have an opinion according to a new interview with The Guardian. Explaining that his words were “overly scrutinized, taken out of context” and “thrown into some sort of bulls–t, zeitgeisty social media argument.” “Me saying I don’t like to call myself a Black actor is my prerogative. That’s me, not you,” said Elba, 50.”So for you to turn around and say to me, I’m ‘denying my Blackness.’ On what grounds? Did you hear that? Where am I denying it? And what for? It’s just stupid. Whatever.” While speaking with Esquire, the “Luther” actor said “As humans, we are obsessed with race. And that obsession can really hinder people’s aspirations, hinder people’s growth.” “Racism should be a topic for discussion, sure. Racism is very real. But from my perspective, it’s only as powerful as you allow it to be,” continued the actor. “I stopped describing myself as a Black actor when I realized it put me in a box. We’ve got to grow. We’ve got to. Our skin is no more than that: It’s just skin. Rant over.” The comments spurred several people to slam Elba. “He’s still black though. He can say he’s not a “black actor” but that skin color isn’t going to change just cause he says that. He can still be type casted just like every other black actor,” tweeted one person. “He’s not wrong lmao. Many Black and POC actors have talked about being typecasted into stereotypical roles because of their race,” tweeted another. “Star Wars” actor John Boyega came out in defense of Elba. “I think we should fixate on who is typecasting and putting actors in boxes because of this. Not on making weird adjustments for them,” tweeted Boyega. “We continuously focus on what we have to do so they don’t do this or that. Very worrying. We BLACK and that’s that.” Elba also took to Twitter to further explain himself. “There isn’t a soul on this earth that can question whether I consider myself a BLACK MAN or not,” he wrote. “Being an ‘actor’ is a profession, like being an ‘architect.’ They are not defined by race. However, if YOU define your work by your race, that is your prerogative.”