The lines of communication between the Jets and Aaron Rodgers are opening up. The Jets have talked to Rodgers this week and will continue to do so, according to multiple reports. The Jets received permission from the Packers to speak to their franchise quarterback. Trey Wingo, a former “NFL Live” host for ESPN, as the first to report the news. He wrote on Twitter shortly after midnight that both parties “had conversations today.” “While nothing is imminent Rodgers is open to the idea of going to [New York],” Wingo added of the longtime Packers quarterback who has been the subject of trade rumors since the offseason began. Rodgers, who wrapped his 18th season with the Packers in January following a disappointing 8-9 campaign, has been heavily linked to the Jets, with the organization already engaging in preliminary discussions with Green Bay should the quarterback become available via trade. The four-time MVP, 39, recently emerged from a four-day darkness retreat, where he envisioned both retirement and what life could potentially look like if he continues to play. “I finished those two days with deep love and admiration and blessings in a retired life of fulfilling all the needs that I have and spending time with the people that I love,” Rodgers said on a recent installment of the “Aubrey Marcus Podcast.” “And also going back and playing. Not playing out of spite or to prove something to someone or for the money but playing because I fell in love with this game when I was 6 years old.” As of last week, however, Rodgers had not relayed his intentions to Green Bay regarding his future. “Obviously, free agency is coming up here [March 15], and that’s an important part of what we’re doing, so it would be nice to have some answers before that,” Packers general manager Brian Gutekunst said at the NFL Scouting Combine in Indianapolis. Should Rodgers and the Packers part ways, the organization believes it’s in good hands with 24-year-old quarterback Jordan Love, whom the team drafted 26th overall in 2020. “We’re excited about him,” Gutekunst said of Love. “He needs to play. That’s the next step in his progression.” Rodgers appears to be at the top of the Jets’ list in their search for a veteran quarterback following Zach Wilson’s continued struggles in his second season. Former Raiders quarterback Derek Carr also met with the Jets, but instead signed a four-year, $150 million deal with the Saints on Monday.