Kayla Lemieux — the Canadian high school teacher who has gone viral for wearing gigantic breasts in class — was placed on leave after The Post revealed she doesnt always don the Z-cup prosthetics outside school. During a recent interview with The Post, Lemieux flatly denied wearing fake boobs. “I’m not wearing prosthetic breasts. These are real. My condition is classified as gigantomastia, which can also be referred to as macromastia or breast hypertrophy,” she said, although she denied having any proof of the condition. The saga has made international headlines, raising questions about who Lemieux is and how she ended up in the firestorm. The 39-year-old began teaching shop at Oakville Trafalgar High School in Ontario in September 2022 and quickly sparked controversy when photos and videos of her unusual way of dressing began circulating. Lemieux has denied wearing prosthetics and said she’s “not a transgendered person” but was born intersex. She told The Post that her alleged gigantomastia is rare. “It affects women on a very rare basis, but in my case, I believe — and my doctor thinks — because I have XX chromosomes as well, that has something to do with it, and hormone sensitivity to estrogen has caused it,” Lemieux said. However, the teacher — who was wearing women’s clothing, a blond wig, makeup and her enormous breasts at the interview — admitted she has never been formally diagnosed and could offer no proof. Lemieux also denied being the person photographed by The Post driving Lemieux’s car and then waking in men’s clothes, sans breasts, who had been identified by a neighbor as the teacher mired in controversy. She said she was “in transition” after she began undergoing hormone replacement therapy in 2021. “I identify as a woman. Female. She/her,” Lemieux told The Post. “My whole life, I’ve been identifying as male. I’ve been looking like a male. When I decided to embrace this other side of me around age 39, this presented itself.” Lemieux explained that males are born with XY chromosomes and women with XX chromosomes. “Intersex people can have a mixture of those two different sets of chromosomes. It can be something they don’t even know about. It can show up in other physical attributes at birth so it can be more obvious or less obvious, depending on the person,” Lemieux said. Facebook images from five years ago appear to show Lemiuex with a full beard. Other pictures show the teacher posing in muscle cars. The Oakville Trafalgar High School, school officials and Lemieux have been subjected to bomb and gun threats, while students have reportedly been threatened with suspension if they record the teacher on school grounds. “For some of the kids, because there have been so many bomb threats it has just become part of their day, which is terrifying in itself,” parent Celina Close told The Post. Several incensed parents asked the Halton District School Board to introduce a dress code for teachers but the woke board initially rejected it due to concerns about violating Ontario’s Human Rights Code. In January, the school board agreed to develop a policy requiring educators maintain an “appropriate and professional” appearance. The Halton School District has confirmed that Lemieux was put on paid leave Tuesday. “While not currently on an active assignment, the teacher remains employed with the (Halton District School Board),” district rep Heather Francey said at a school meeting, accordint to the Toronto Sun. Tap the right side of the screen below to watch this web story: Education Minister Stephen Lecce and Halton Region MPPs Natalie Pierre, Stephen Crawford and Effie Triantafilopoulos have reportedly ripped the board for having “abdicated its responsibility by failing to put the interests and safety of students first.” The board has remained largely quiet about Lemieux amid the breasts brouhaha.