It Musk not be love. Elon Musk has revealed the reason Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez would “never” date him — saying he simply “isn’t cool enough.” The cyber foes have had a myriad of heated exchanges on social media since Musk signed on the dotted line to become the owner of Twitter last year. Following the pair’s tit-for-tat antics, one Twitter user asked the Tesla CEO if all this back-and-forth could ever lead to romantic relations between them, even though she’s currently engaged. “Alas she would never date me I’m not cool enough,” Musk tweeted in response to a photoshopped image of AOC with blonde hair and blue eyes. Musk last year complimented the politician by saying she has “great taste in lipstick.” He dished out the “genuine compliment” during an appearance on a podcast called “Full Send,” in which several co-hosts made comments about the Congresswoman’s appearance. After two of the co-hosts called AOC “attractive” and another said the New York socialist was “alright,” Musk gave his two cents. “Yeah, great choice of lipstick I think. Great taste in lipstick, I mean, that’s my observation. That’s a genuine compliment,” the SpaceX founder and CEO said. “Tell me I’m wrong.” Just months prior, Musk accused AOC of “hitting on him” after she hit out at him over “an explosion of hate crimes” that allegedly followed his acquisition of Twitter. “Tired of having to collectively stress about what explosion of hate crimes is happening bc some billionaire with an ego problem unilaterally controls a massive communication platform and skews it because Tucker Carlson or Peter Thiel took him to dinner and made him feel special,” AOC tweeted in April 2022. Musk wasn’t named in the tweet but was quick to respond. “Stop hitting on me, I’m really shy,” he wrote, adding a smiling emoji. The line appears to be a reference to when Ocasio-Cortez (D-NY) said her Republican critics on the platform just wanted to date her. “I was talking about Zuckerberg but ok,” AOC shot back at Musk before deleting the response about a minute later. “Like I said, ego problems,” she added in a follow-up tweet alongside a shrugging emoji. The pair’s so-called feud reached new heights in November after she criticized his decision to charge verified Twitter users — prompting Musk to tell her to “pay” up. “Lmao at a billionaire earnestly trying to sell people on the idea that ‘free speech’ is actually a $8/mo subscription plan,” AOC tweeted about Twitter’s new policy to institute an $8-a-month fee for those on the social media platform with blue check marks. “Your feedback is appreciated, now pay $8,” Musk retorted in a short but fiery tweet.