BOSTON — When Immanuel Quickley entered the NBA, one of his favorite players was Lou Williams. Quickley could be following in Williams’ footsteps if his current surge continues. Quickley is becoming a legitimate Sixth Man of the Year candidate — the award Williams won three times with the Raptors and the Clippers — as he plays an integral role in the Knicks’ run up the Eastern Conference standings. “Any time you get mentioned with any great players like Lou Williams, anybody that’s won Sixth Man of the Year, it’s definitely something that’s pretty cool,” Quickley said. At the very least, the third-year player is in the conversation with Celtics guard Malcolm Brogdon, 76ers guard Tyrese Maxey, Clippers guard Norman Powell and Kings guard Malik Monk, among others. Only players who come off the bench in more games than they start are eligible for the award. Quickley is averaging career-highs in points (13.0), rebounds (4.0), minutes (27.6) and field-goal percentage (44.7). His 7.2 net rating as a reserve (points differential per 100 possessions with him on the floor) is significantly higher than the aforementioned candidates. He is also one of only three reserves with at least 650 points, 200 rebounds and 150 assists, along with Brogdon and Westbrook. The super sub was again a dynamic two-way force Friday in the dramatic win over the Heat, scoring 21 points and going 5-for-9 on 3-point attempts as the Knicks (38-27) ran their winning streak to eight games. While the recent trade for Josh Hart, the star turn of Jalen Brunson and Julius Randle’s bounce-back season have dominated the storylines surrounding the Knicks, Quickley’s ascension can’t be diminished. The 6-foot-3 guard has been a revelation since coach Tom Thibodeau cut his rotation down to nine on Dec. 4, and expanded Quickley’s role. From that point, he is averaging 14.8 points and shooting 38.7 percent from 3-point range. The Knicks are outscoring the opposition by 5.2 points per game in that stretch when he’s on the floor. He has scored in double figures in 10 straight games and 31 of a possible 34 contests. “I feel like I’m in a groove,” Quickley said. “Defensively, I think is where it starts for me. And just feeling the rhythm defensively, I know I can get in rhythm on offense through that.” His defense has been the biggest change for Quickley. He has a stellar 107.3 defensive rating, the best among the Knicks currently in the rotation, other than Hart. He has played incredibly hard all year fighting through screens and has diligently worked on improving his defense. Quickley has been so effective that he has been closing a majority of games of late. “He can guard multiple positions. He’s gotten a lot stronger,” Thibodeau said. “But I also think his understanding of the league, knowing what teams are trying to get to, his ability to think ahead, [is important]. He’s very good at thinking on his feet.” After a strong rookie year, Quickley took a step back last season and didn’t start out well this year. He struggled with his shot, shooting just 30 percent from deep in November while averaging south of double figures. But he has been essential to the 180-degree turn the Knicks have made over the last three months, to the point at which a contract extension this summer feels likely. Early this season, the Knicks were looking into trading Quickley for draft capital. That changed by the turn of the new year. A Sixth Man of the Year Award would help his side in negotiations, not that Quickley would admit to thinking about the potential honor. “For me, honestly, it really all comes down to winning,” he said. “You don’t win, no one gets awards. So, honestly, I really don’t even focus on it too much. I focus on it day to day, trying to get better, and if I win Sixth Man of the Year, then I win Sixth Man of the Year.” He’s certainly in the conversation. As Thibodeau likes to say when positively evaluating a player, Quickley has impacted winning.