LOS ANGELES — The Knicks have posted multiple impressive wins with point guard Jalen Brunson sidelined, most recently last weekend with a spirited double-overtime victory at Boston. And they nearly came back from a 21-point hole in the second half Thursday without Brunson in an eventual loss at Sacramento to open a four-game West Coast swing. Still, Brunson’s worrisome departure at halftime Thursday — due to the aggravation of a left-foot injury that had sidelined him the previous two games — is a legitimate cause for concern for the Knicks, who have a tenuous hold on the No. 5 playoff position in the Eastern Conference with 14 games remaining. He expectedly has been ruled out of Saturday’s game against the Clippers, and his status for the remainder of the trip remains in doubt. The 26-year-old Brunson has been the Knicks’ most indispensable player through the initial season of the four-year, $104 million contract he signed via free agency last summer. He won’t be easily replaced if the injury sidelines him for an extended period. “Obviously, it’s tough because we were playing so well,” Knicks teammate Josh Hart said after the loss to the Kings. “He’s playing at an All-Star caliber level this whole year. So it’s tough not to have him. But we are a talented team, a tough group and a resilient group. We went into Boston, one of the best teams in the league, without him and won a tough double-overtime game. “Obviously, it sucks. Obviously, first and foremost, we want him healthy and want to get him back. At times a group can overcome adversity. That’s something we have to do — we have three more games on the road trip. We have to focus on whoever we play. … Focus on them.” The Knicks (39-29) will enter back-to-back games in Los Angeles this weekend against the Clippers and the Lakers a half game ahead of the No. 6 Nets in the East. They also were 3 games clear of Miami (which they also defeated without Brunson on Feb. 2) for the seventh seed and the 7-10 play-in scenario after the Heat beat the Cavaliers 119-115 on Friday. Coach Tom Thibodeau’s Knicks overcame a 21-point deficit in the third quarter to tie the score Thursday night before they suffered their second straight defeat following a nine-game winning streak. Immanuel Quickley had sparked the Knicks to their win over the Celtics without Brunson, scoring 38 points in a whopping 55 minutes in the double-OT victory. But Quickley has shot just 22.2 percent from the field (6-for-27) in the subsequent two losses, including 10 misses in 11 attempts against the Kings. “It’s tough. He’s a big part of our team, a big part of what we do,” Quickley said of Brunson. “He’s a leader on and off the floor. Everybody’s just gotta be a little bit better, play a little bit more, especially defensively like we’ve been saying. So it’s gonna be tough.” Second-year guard Miles McBride has returned to the rotation since Brunson suffered the foot injury, but he has seen limited action with 28 combined minutes over the three games. Brunson reinjuring his foot could be similar to the injury Quentin Grimes dealt with in training camp and at the start of the season, suffering multiple setbacks before a full return to the rotation in November. “I mean, it’s obviously going to be tough to replace his production. We’ll do it. We’re up to the task,” Randle said of Brunson. “Right now we’ve just got to find a way to lock in, basically really at the defensive end, more than anything, and get off to a little bit better starts. Just be a little more consistent on that defensive end throughout the game, so we don’t need the runs to make up ground. I feel like we’ll be fine.”