Your partner is sipping on rosé all day at his bachelor party: What does that mean? For two TikTok sleuths – well, suspicious fiancées – it signified a potential cheater. This week, the pair captivated TikTok in an attempt to crack the case of the mysterious pink drink spotted in the background of their partners’ bachelor trip photos. Jasmine Haskew, 23, and Bri Arnone, 27, eyed what they believed to be a glass of rosé — otherwise known as a sure sign that a woman is at the party. (Because who would drink a glass of Moscato on a boys’ weekend?) “I immediately just noticed the ‘rosé’ in the video and texted back, asking which of the guys was drinking it,” Arnone, who posted the viral clip, told The Post. While her soon-to-be hubby denied the so-called rosé and claimed it was “tequila and pink lemonade” via text message, she informed him that “a formal investigation is underway.” The Washington State women shared a viral TikTok clip – with 1.5 million views – of a seemingly incriminating photo on the app, asking viewers what liquid they thought was in the glass among a sea of red Solo cups and beer cans. Arnone’s fiancé claimed the party was low on cups – and beer – and instead they were forced to use a traditional wine glass and drink the cocktail. “Just tell us what drink you think this is,” the women say in the clip, which includes the caption: “We totally trust them  But what do you think???” While their partners claimed it was a concoction of pink lemonade and tequila, fellow TikTokers weren’t so convinced, arguing in the comments that it’s “absolutely rosé.” Thus, the case of the mysterious pink drink. Their respective partners, Steven and Garrett, were in Nashville with their best buds for Steven’s bachelor party last weekend, but they had one rule from their blushing brides at home: No women at the house. At first, Arnone believed that good guy Garrett would refrain from dishing secrets from the bach weekend until he returned home “to minimize fighting while on the trip,” she told The Post. “I honestly thought one of the guys had brought a girl over the night before and they just hadn’t cleaned up yet,” she added. “We decided to post the TikTok because we thought it would be funny to get everyone’s opinion on it before they landed the next day.” Instead, unintentional digital chaos ensued. Users online couldn’t believe the women were so “calm” while accusing their men of cheating; however, Arnone revealed the pair never believed their fiancés were actually unfaithful. For the brides-to-be, the “rosé” seemed like a “confirmation” that one of the single men on the trip invited a female visitor and that the supposed cover-up “didn’t seem plausible.” But when Garrett touched down at home, the women were shocked that he was sticking to his tequila-lemonade tale — all as the saga snowballed online. Per the request of engaged viewers, the two women compared a true glass of rosé to a cup of pink lemonade mixed with tequila – only to discover the beverages looked nothing alike. Their bottle of rosé was a deeper amber hue, while the pink lemonade was a pale pastel color. Shocked viewers said they would cancel their own weddings if faced with the same debacle, as other commenters remained confused as to why a “MAN is going to drink tequila of a wine glass anyway on a bachelor trip to nash.” Arnone even took her man to the grocery store and forced him to choose what mixer the group was supposedly sipping and make the mixed drink at home in an attempt to get to the bottom of “pink lemonade gate.” Haskew nearly caught her fiancé slip when he mistakenly said “vodka” instead of vouching for the aforementioned tequila cocktail. After a flurry of subsequent TikTok clips that provided further evidence – the original clip where the eagle-eyed women spotted the drink, as well as interrogations with fellow bachelor trip attendees – the blond brides-to-be finally cracked the case. Cue: Arnone’s brother enters the chat. He claimed the supermarket Publix sells a name-brand jug of hot pink-colored lemonade, mapping out the nearby grocery store in Nashville and drawing attention to a used carton in the background of the video, all for the sake of clearing the men’s names. Finally, invested viewers let up, digressing that perhaps the men were innocent after all. “Honestly he does give off pink lemonade tequila out of a wine glass energy,” one user commented on a clip. “I hope pink Lemonade and tequila is the signature drink at the wedding!” chimed in another. “I’m still annoyed that they were right,” lamented someone else. While others languished in the fact that the reality television-like saga was put to rest, Arnone said that there may be future installments planned. Haskew’s own bachelorette party in Arizona is slated for June, while both parties will be together for the ceremony in July. “Honestly, our guys were such good sports about it that we were really appreciative that they let us play out this saga at their expense for the giggles,” Arnone told The Post.