Felton Spencer, a Louisville basketball legend and 12-year NBA veteran who finished his career with the Knicks, died on Sunday, the school announced. He was 55. Spencer’s sister, Tammy Pollock, shared on Twitter that Spencer “passed away peacefully” on Sunday afternoon. “Our beloved Felton Spencer – former @uofl basketball legend, retired 12 year NBA veteran and 6th pick in the 1990 NBA draft, and former assistant college coach – passed away peacefully this afternoon,” Pollock wrote. “It was befitting that he received excellent care in his final hours from the providers at the University of Louisville Hospital, his Alma mater that he loved so dearly,” Pollock added in a separate tweet. “Our family thanks them and everyone who participated in his care,” she said. “We are proud of all he did on the court and in his personal life. He was a kind, gentle giant whose physical presence will be sorely missed. While we are heartbroken, we are comforted by your thoughts and prayers.” Louisville men’s basketball said it is “heartbroken” over the news in a tweet that paid tribute to Spencer. “Spencer was the Cardinals’ all-time leader in career field goal percentage, the 6th overall pick in the 1990 NBA Draft, & a beloved member of the Louisville community. Our thoughts & prayers are with his loved ones.” Former NBA player Rex Chapman reminisced on his decades-long friendship with Spencer, which started in their native Kentucky. “Felton Spencer was one of the sweetest, kindest, people I’ve ever known,” Chapman wrote. “Grew up in KY together & have known each other since age 15. “Played on the last Kentucky all-star team to sweep Indiana together. Played against one another in college & the pros. A sad day.” Spencer played for the Timberwolves, Jazz, Magic, Warriors, Spurs and Knicks, averaging 5.2 points and 5.4 rebounds per game across 12 seasons. “We remember former Warriors center Felton Spencer, who passed away today at the age of 55,” the Warriors PR account tweeted. “A native of Louisville, Kentucky, Felton played three seasons with the Warriors (1996-99) during a 12-year NBA career. Our condolences to his family and friends.” Former Jazz assistant coach Gordon Chiesa, who coach Spencer from 1993-96, said the veteran center’s “humility and spirit enhanced” the team. “I am saddened by the passing of former Utah Jazz player Felton Spencer,” Chiesa wrote. “I had the privilege to coach Felton from 1993-96, where he was standout rebounder, interior defender and competitor. His humility and spirit enhanced our squad. U of Louisville proud, R.I.P. in hoop heaven!” Spencer was a standout at Louisville, appearing in 134 games from 1986-90. The 7-foot-3 big man led the Cardinals to three consecutive Metro Conference tournament wins and two Sweet 16 appearances. His career field-goal percentage (62.8%) is still the Louisville program record today. Spencer, who was the sixth overall pick in the 1990 NBA draft by the Timberwolves, spent his first three NBA seasons with Minnesota. After two seasons with the Knicks, Spencer retired from the league in 2002, and worked as an assistant coach at Spalding University and Bellarmine University.