This ’90s snack is on a roll again thanks to TikTok. Fruit Roll-Ups have captured the app’s attention since Golnar Ghavami, known as user @golisdream, posted a video of herself using the sweet to make a treat. The clip — which has been viewed more than 10 million times — starts with her pulling out a cartoon of mango ice cream and advising people to pick their flavor of choice. Then, she opens up a strawberry-flavored Fruit Roll-Ups and puts a scoop of the ice cream in the middle of it. Ghavami does not pull the snack from the freezer, so they do not appear to be frozen prior to the edible stunt. For viewers, perhaps the most shocking thing about the snack innovation is that it’s actually crunchy. Typically, a Fruit Roll-Up is known for being foldable, but somehow, Ghavami discovered that the frozen ice cream may be what causes the snack to harden almost instantly, making for an added crunch. “I love the combination of mango and strawberry and I love the crunch,” a satisfied Ghavami says. “I gasped! Didn’t expect the crunch factor! Wow! Thank you!” one mesmerized user commented. “How did I go my ENTIRE childhood not knowing that fruit rollups freeze so easily…?” another user wrote in the comments. And another foodie dubbed the snack “the American mochi,” referring to the Japanese rice cake stuffed with a creamy filling. But it appears the secret to the crunch factor may involve actually freezing the unfurled Fruit Roll-Ups. Food Network reported the trend requires “placing it in the freezer for a few hours so it has time to harden,” in order to get the crunchy, chip-like texture and cracking sound. Last year, TikToker @missbedhead shared a simple solution for those who want to try the reimagined ice cream sandwich without waiting for the Fruit Roll-Ups to freeze. She suggested dipping the snack’s tip in a glass of ice water to get it to freeze up slightly, Food Network reported. Still, other snack aficionados have tried to recreate the cold treat sans freezer all over the internet — but some seem to find it works better when the fruit snack is frozen first. TikToker @Trinhdoesthings decided to use vanilla ice cream combined with a strawberry Fruit Roll-Ups, but decided to freeze it prior to get that extra ASMR effect. “You don’t have to put it in the freezer. But I like to. So it’s completely crunch,” @trinhdoesthings commented on the video she posted. Another Tiktoker, who has the user name @dzaslavsky, went double strawberry with both the ice cream and the Fruit Roll-Ups. Still, the crunch effect sans freezer may not work for every eater. One user commented on @dzaslavsky’s TikTok: “I bought the wrong Fruit Roll-Ups, mine never got crunchy.”