A Florida couple’s marriage got off to a rocky start when the owner of their reception venue pointed a gun at them and ordered everyone to “get out” — after a row over the music. Insane video posted by Jonathan Campo, the DJ and cousin of the bride, shows the irate man waving the weapon and shouting at the terrified guests Thursday night at Cielo Farms in Southwest Ranches. “He begins to wave it at everyone at the party, telling us to all get out, ‘Get out! Get out!’” Campo told WPLG, adding that the mayhem erupted during the last song of the night. The DJ told WSVN that a worker at the venue ordered him to turn off the music over fears of noise complaints — then spilled a drink on his equipment even though he had turned the music down. “By this time, the entire wedding party is aware of what’s going on,” Campo told the outlet. Moments later, the gun-wielding man — whom Campo identified as the owner of the venue — showed up and went ballistic. “Get out! Get out! Don’t make me … Get out! Get out! Get out!” the man in a yellow shirt is heard saying in the terrifying footage as people flee. Camp said the man “just started brandishing the gun everywhere, at everybody.” He “put it at my uncle’s face, put it at my cousin who got married, the bride, put it at her head, waved it at her husband’s head,” he recounted. “Why am I bracing myself to get shot? All I was doing was DJing my cousin’s wedding and trying to give her her last dance,” the DJ added to WSVN. One woman is heard telling the unhinged man she wanted to grab her purse. “Get out! Get out!” he yelled back at her. Wedding guest Aixa Figueroa said called 911 as she feared for her life. “I was terrified. I wasn’t sure if I was going to be going home without a family member,” she told the outlet. Campo also described the incident on Instagram, where he posted the video. He said the bride rented the venue until 11:30 p.m. but that the worker ordered the event to shut down by around 10:50 p.m. After an altercation, the worker returned with the armed man. “Before I knew it I was staring down the barrel of his gun and at that moment when I saw his eyes I was prepared to be killed and was coming to terms that my children were about to lose their dad for no reason,” Campo wrote on Instagram, where he goes by djichhomie. He said the worker also punched one woman in the face. The man with the gun has been identified as Miguel Rodriguez Albisu, 58, who was charged with nine counts of aggravated assault with a deadly weapon, without intent to kill. State records cited by the Miami Herald identify Albisu as a corporate officer of Cielo Farms Nursery, which has the same Volunteer Road address that the court lists as the man’s home. Christian Sergio Rafart also was arrested in connection with the incident and charged with battery and resisting arrest, WPLG reported. “It just went from being like an amazing event that you’re going to remember for the rest of your life, to an event that you’re really going to remember for the rest of your life for the wrong reasons,” Campo told WSVN. The owners of Cielo Farms Nursery told the outlet they would consult with their attorney before commenting.