This year’s senior superlative for “Most likely to go on a co-headlining tour” goes to Snoop Dogg, Wiz Khalifa, Too $hort, Warren G, Berner and DJ Drama. From July 7 through Aug. 27, the hip-hop icons are taking off on their 33-concert ‘High School Reunion Tour’ that will take them to arenas and amphitheaters all over North America. That includes three stops in New York and New Jersey. First, the sextet will drop it like it’s hot at Camden, NJ’s Freedom Mortgage Pavilion on July 30. Then, “The Next Episode” will take place at Holmdel, NJ’s PNC Bank Arts Center on Aug. 2. Finally, Snoop, Wiz and co. will land at Brooklyn’s Barclays Center on Aug. 4. And if you need tickets pronto, we’re here to make that happen today. Although inventory isn’t available on Ticketmaster until Friday, March 10, fans who want to ensure they have tickets ahead of time can purchase on sites like Vivid Seats before tickets are officially on sale. Vivid Seats is a secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand. They have a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and will be delivered before the event. A complete calendar including all tour dates, venues and links to buy tickets can be found below. Prior to the tour, Wiz Khalifa has six solo concerts in the U.S.; Snoop Dogg has one overseas in Glasgow, Great Britain on March 16. Most co-headlining tours have two major acts attached to the proceedings. The ‘High School Reunion Tour’ has six. While you may be caught up on your Snoop and Wiz, we wanted to give you a quick refresher and introduce you to each act’s two most-streamed songs on Spotify with links to listen to them. Snoop Dogg: “Young, Wild and Free” feat. Bruno Mars, “Drop It Like It’s Hot” Wiz Khalifa: “See You Again” feat. Charlie Puth, “Sucker for Pain” feat. Imagine Dragons Too $hort: “Blow The Whistle,” “Gettin’ It” feat. Parliament Funkadelic Warren G: “Regulate,” “This D.J.” Berner: “20 Joints,” “El Chivo” feat. T3r Elemento DJ Drama: “Wishing,” “My Moment” feat. 2 Chainz, Meek Mill and Jeremih In 2022, Snoop collaborated with Ice Cube, Too $hort and E-40 on the album “MOUNT WESTMORE” aka “SNOOP CUBE 40 $HORT.” The 16 tracks are an ode to all things California and wouldn’t sound out of place on a Snoop album from the ’90s. If you want a true throwback though, we suggest starting with “ACTIVATED” — you’ll instantly be sent back to 1995 once it hits your ears. You can pick up “SNOOP CUBE 40 $HORT” here. Snoop isn’t the only artist staying active on the ‘High School Reunion Tour.’ Earlier this year, Khalifa dropped “Star Power,” his ninth studio album. Over the course of 23 tracks, the 35-year-old reckons with fame, freestyles over 8-bit and soul samples and adds a few bangers to his rap repertoire in the process. Don’t know where to start? We’ve been playing the endlessly catchy “How You Live,” “Hero (Freestyle),” “So High,” “Flickin’ Ashes” and “Spacely” on repeat all week over here. Most recently though, Khalifa linked up with Snoop for the anthemic single “Don’t Text Don’t Call” single in early March. We’re getting hyped just thinking about all the exciting acts taking their hits on the road these next few months. To keep things simple, here are just five of the biggest hip-hop tours you won’t want to miss these next few months. • Wu-Tang Clan with Nas • Lil Wayne • Future • Nelly • Legendz of the Streetz featuring Rick Ross Want to see who else is on the road? Check out our list of the 52 biggest concert tours in 2023 here.