The weekend is almost here, and the NBA has a massive slate on tap. All these games are an opportunity to build your bankroll and you can do so with the Caesars Sportsbook promo code NPBONUSFULL unlocks up to $1,250 for all new user’s first bet with Caesars . If you’re in Ohio, you can get the same offer but up to $1,500, with Caesars Sportsbook promo code NPBONUS1BET. That means if your first wager with Caesars Sportsbook loses, you’ll get refunded whatever you lost in bonus bets. So if your first bet is $200 on the Mavericks -2.5 and it loses, you’ll get $200 back in bonus bets. You’ll then have to wager those and win those bets to turn them into cash. Let’s learn how to claim these offers and preview a marquee NBA matchup. New Caesars Sportsbook bettors outside of Ohio can get up to $1,250 back if their first bet loses when they register with the promo code NPBONUSFULL. This is one of the best offers around, as it is $250 more than you would typically find at other online sportsbooks. How does this offer work? Make your first bet at Caesars, and if it loses, you’ll be refunded in bet credits up to $1,250. So if you put $500 on any spread of the teams we detail below at -110 odds, you’ll profit about $454 if it wins. You’ll then have $954 in your account; that’s real cash. If that first bet loses, you’ll bet $200 in bet credits back. You then must use the bet credits on any wager and turn them into cash. But you don’t keep the bet credit amount. So if you put $50 in credits on Golden State +2.5 and it wins, you’ll take the profit of about $45. The NBA owns Friday night, as there are ten games set to tip-off. Each of these games presents a multitude of opportunities for your first bet at Caesars, so let’s preview a few of the marquee matchups. In the early window, two of the game’s best point guards will meet in Atlanta as the Trail Blazers take on the Hawks. Then the Knicks will put their seven-game win streak on the line as they head to Miami. After those games wrap up, be sure to tune into the Nuggets game, as they will host Ja Morant and the Memphis Grizzlies. This is a matchup of the two top teams in the West, and it may not be the last time we see them clash. New and existing players. 21+. Available in AZ, CO, IA, IL, IN, KS, LA, MI, NJ, NY, TN, VA, WV only. Full T&C apply.. If you’re looking to pad your bankroll, look no further than Caesars Sportsbook. Caesars offers loads of daily profit boosts. They come in all shapes and sizes, as they could be increasing the odds on straight bets, or boosting same-game parlays, or even giving you extra value with a three-team parlay on the day’s biggest favorites. However you like to bet, Caesars has you covered. So be sure to check out all the boosts they have to offer. For Ohio bettors: OH only. 21+. New users and first wager only. Must register with eligible promo code. Bet amount of qualifying wager returned only if wager is settled as a loss. Maximum bet credit $1,500; must be used within 14 days of receipt. See Caesars.com/promos for full terms. Void where prohibited. Know When To Stop Before You Start.® Gambling problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER.