PORT ST. LUCIE — Starling Marte was issued a reminder Sunday that duck season has arrived. The veteran outfielder walked off the field without assistance after he was drilled in the left ear flap by a 93 mph fastball from Elvin Rodriguez in the fifth inning of the Mets’ 10-4 exhibition loss to the Rays. Initial concussion tests were negative, and Marte was coherent in conversation, according to manager Buck Showalter. “He may have gotten lucky — you hope so,” Showalter said after the Mets’ loss at Clover Park. “He will be getting a few calls during the course of the next 24 hours to make sure everything is fine.” Marte was playing only his second game of spring training after undergoing double groin surgery last November. Last season Marte sustained a broken finger on a hit-by-pitch that forced him to miss most of September. Bryce Montes de Oca will receive imaging on his right forearm after departing with the trainer in the ninth inning. The right-hander walked three batters in the inning and his velocity had dipped. Montes de Oca, whose fastball has registered above 100 mph this spring, had six strikeouts in his previous three innings. A day after he was scratched from his scheduled start, Kodai Senga said his adjustment to the ball in the U.S. is the cause of the tendinitis at the base of his right index finger. “The big league balls over here are known to be more slippery without the tack,” Senga said through his interpreter. “I think subconsciously I might have been gripping it tighter and also the grips of my pitches have been a little bit different since the prior years, so I think that plays a part as well.” Senga said the soreness has been lingering “for a little while now,” but hadn’t worsened. Showalter indicated the preliminary plan is for Senga to pitch his next turn in the rotation, but that is contingent upon him throwing a side session. Senga expressed certitude he would be ready to start the season. Showalter kept Mark Vientos and Brett Baty on the bench to give both prospects a breather. Both have received extensive playing time with starters away at the WBC. “We have been playing them a lot,” Showalter said. “I don’t think they ever dreamed they would be playing as much as they are, but they should have.”