The band may be fake, but the fans are real. Daisy Jones & The Six has become the first fictional band to top the iTunes charts with the release of its first album, “Aurora.” The band was brought to life by Riley Keough, Sam Claflin, Suki Waterhouse, Will Harrison, Josh Whitehouse and Sebastian Chacon for the self-titled Amazon Prime Video show, which was adapted from the book of the same name. “Daisy Jones & The Six” was written by Taylor Jenkins Reid and follows the rise and fall of a Fleetwood Mac-esque band as it gets mixed up in sex, drugs and rock ‘n roll in Los Angeles in the ’70s. The novel quickly became a #BookTok sensation — and popular beyond the social media app — after it was released in 2019. It was immediately placed on Reese Witherspoon’s book club list and picked up by the actress’ production company, Hello Sunshine. “Aurora” topped the iTunes charts when it was released March 2 — a day before the series premiered the first three episodes. “We finally have Aurora. A stunning, nostalgic, timeless album that captures the drama, pathos, and yearning of the band’s zenith and nadir all in one,” Reid said in a statement. “A snapshot of time, intoxicating and dangerous. That delicious moment that you know can’t last,” Reid continued. “Daisy Jones and The Six are real. And they are better than my wildest dreams.” Of course, Daisy Jones and The Six isn’t the only chart-topping fake act out there. The Partridge Family — featuring Shirley Jones and her stepson, David Cassidy, and based on the ’70s sitcom about a family band — topped the Billboard Hot 100 with “I Think I Love You” in 1970. And “The Monkees” — a 1966 to 1968 comedy starring Davy Jones, Micky Dolenz, Peter Tork and Michael Nesmith — spun off an actual band with the foursome. Their self-titled debut album topped the charts in 1966 and the group scored three No. 1 Billboard hits. In the “Daisy Jones” book, the band’s groundbreaking record is described by the character Nick Harris, a rock critic, as “an album you can play at a party. It’s an album you get high to. It’s an album you can play as you’re speeding down the highway.” “For every moment of your life, in 1978, ‘Aurora’ could play in the background,” Reid wrote in the novel. “And from the moment it was released, it was a juggernaut.” The book provided song titles and some lyrics for the fake album’s tunes but didn’t come to life until critically acclaimed songwriter, producer and multi-instrumentalist Blake Mills partnered with other well-known musicians including Phoebe Bridgers, Marcus Mumford and Jackson Browne. Mills has previously worked with Bob Dylan, Fiona Apple, Alabama Shakes, John Legend, Perfume Genius and more. They took the lyrics from the book as inspiration to create the 11 songs on “Aurora,” as well as others that are played throughout the show. But once the music was created, the second feat was training the show’s actors to perform the tunes. Claflin and Keough — the latter is Elvis Presley’s granddaughter and Lisa Marie Presley’s daughter — star as the band’s lead singers, but both have confessed that they had never sung professionally and were placed in an 18-month band camp along with their fellow fake bandmates to prepare. “We talked to her, and after half an hour, we were like, ‘Yes, she was [born to play the part]!’” series co-creator and co-showrunner Scott Neustadter told The Post. “But even with her [family] background, she said to us, ‘I have to be upfront with you and tell you, I’ve never sung before. I sing in the shower sometimes. I don’t think it’s any good.’ So, that was a wild card for us.” The actors spent hours every day practicing their instruments, learning the music, perfecting their stage presence and hanging out as a real band. “Our feeling was that no matter how great the sets look or how well written the scene, if we can’t convince you that Daisy Jones & The Six are a real band we’ve got nothing,” Neustadter told the Los Angeles Times. Some of the stars — including Keough — have even hinted at taking “Aurora” on tour. The popular limited series is set to end after its 10th episode is released.