The Juice thinks Alex Murdaugh will squeeze out a win. OJ Simpson is convinced the disgraced  South Carolina legal scion will beat the double murder charges he faces despite having “likely” killed his wife and son in cold blood, the ex-gridiron star said Thursday. The 75-year-old murder case aficionado — who himself was notoriously acquitted for the 1994 slaying of his ex-wife, Nicole Brown Simpson — said Murdaugh had turned on the charm on the stand during his high-profile trial. “It wouldn’t surprise me in the least if this guy beats this case,” Simpson said in a video he posted to Twitter. “I realized watching him testify, what he was doing. He was just trying to relate to one or two of those jurors that he was a good ol’ boy, that he was one of them — and I’m not sure he didn’t succeed in doing that,” Simpson said. After watching some of Murdaugh’s testimony, Simpson said, he believes the ex-lawyer probably gunned down his wife, Maggie, and son Paul on their property in June 2021. “From what I’ve seen, do I think it’s more likely that he did it? Yes. But ‘more likely’ equals reasonable doubt,” Simpson said. Simpson — who himself took the stand in what was once dubbed “the Trial of the Century” — said he initially thought it was a bad idea for Murdaugh to testify. “I watched him take the stand and I thought it was probably a mistake because the guy is an admitted liar,” Simpson said. “It’s hard for me to think he could be on the stand for five, six, seven, eight days without lying.” “But lying and stealing money is a little different than murder,” said Simpson, who was convicted of armed robbery in 2008. Simpson said he’d recently gotten an outpouring of requests online for his opinion on the murder case, which centers on the downfall of a powerful legal family. But the ex-con insisted he had no clue why folks would consider him an authority on whether Murdaugh would get off scot-free for killing his wife. “A whole lot of people are asking me what I think of this Alex Murdaugh trial,” he said on Twitter. “I don’t know why they think I’m an expert on it.” Ultimately, Simpson said, the ex-attorney will probably end up behind bars regardless of whether he’s found guilty of the slayings. “He’s gonna go to jail for all the thievery he did — stealing millions of dollars from people,” Simpson said. He signed off, “I’m just sayin’… Take care.”