Meghan Markle may be staging her old blog “The Tig” for a major comeback soon. The Duchess of Sussex, 41, shut down the lifestyle site following her engagement to Prince Harry back in 2017. According to a document filed with the US Patent and Trademark Office and seen by The Post, a potentially rebooted version of the website would consist of articles and interviews about a variety of topics. Pieces about “food, cooking, recipes, travel, relationships, fashion, style, interior design, lifestyle, the arts, culture, design, conscious living, health and wellness” would fill the blog’s content. While a relaunch date for the site has yet to be announced, it could go live as early as next week, according to the Mirror. When it was initially closed down before the couple’s marriage, a source close to the “Suits” star denied to People that it was shuttered because the royal family disapproved of her writing. The mother of two penned a farewell note in April 2017 on the blog — in a Google search, it has the greeting “The Tig: Farewell, Darling” — officially closing that chapter of her life. “After close to three beautiful years on this adventure with you, it’s time to say goodbye to The Tig,” she wrote at the time. “What began as a passion project (my little engine that could) evolved into an amazing community of inspiration, support, fun and frivolity. You’ve made my days brighter and filled this experience with so much joy,” Markle added. “Keep finding those Tig moments of discovery, keep laughing and taking risks, and keep being ‘the change you wish to see in the world.’ Above all, don’t ever forget your worth – as I’ve told you time and time again: you, my sweet friend, you are enough. Thank you for everything,” she concluded her memo. The insider told People that “The Tig has been a labor of love for Meghan, but it’s a full-time job.” They noted that she wanted to focus more on her acting in the USA network legal drama, as well as her philanthropy. Markle starred in “Suits” as paralegal Rachel Zane for seven seasons, beginning in 2011. She left the series in 2018 following her marriage to Harry, 38. “The Tig” was founded in 2014 and is named after the former actress’ favorite red wine, Tignanello. In a 2014 interview with Tory Burch’s site “Tory Daily,” Markle opened up about her own endeavor and the inspiration behind it. “I have always loved food and travel, especially with my mom being a travel agent. We would go to off-the-beaten-path places,” she said. “In the past few years, my access to fashion and beauty has broadened, and I have started to understand things in a different way.” The Sussexes already run a production company, Archewell, which has a multi-year deal with Netflix.