Shunned British pop star Gary Glitter reportedly is going back to prison just one month after his initial release, according to a new report. Glitter, 78, was sentenced to 16 years in prison in 2015 after he was found guilty of sexually abusing three young girls, all of whom were under the age of 13, The Post previously reported. This time, he allegedly was caught trying to “access the dark web on his phone,” according to the Daily Mail. Glitter, who was born Paul Francis Gadd, was released in February after only serving half of his sentence. He was recently spotted in a bail hostel in the United Kingdom, where he was allegedly typing, “how to avoid detection when web browsing” on a cell phone, according to the Daily Mail. The outlet reported that Glitter will head back to the clinker on Monday because he breached the conditions that were agreed upon when he was initially released just last month. Those conditions included him being “closely monitored” by the police and having to wear a tag that has a GPS on it. A spokesperson for the Probation Service — a justice organization that “supervises high-risk offenders released into the community” — confirmed Glitter’s return to The Daily Mail. “Protecting the public is our number one priority,” the spokesperson said. “That’s why we set tough license conditions and when offenders breach them, we don’t hesitate to return them to custody,” they added. The Post also has contacted Probation Services for comment. In 2015, he was found guilty of one count of attempted rape, four counts of indecent assault and one count of sexual intercourse with a girl under the age of 13 in the 1970s. Glitter was a popular pop star in the 1970s and the 1980s, coming out with hit songs “Rock and Roll Part 2” and “Do You Wanna Touch Me,” among others. When he was picked up on Monday, the pop star said that he was trying to find “the Onion,” which is a nickname for a URL extension on the dark web. He was spotted under a brown blanket being driven out of the bail hostel in an “unmarked police car,” according to the Daily Mail. “I would have thought there would be license conditions prohibiting this sort of activity and I hope the Ministry of Justice takes swift action to deal with this,” former UK Justice Secretary Robert Buckland told the Daily Mail. A re-release decision would be left to the United Kingdom’s Parole Board. In 1999, the singer was sentenced to four months in prison for possessing 4,000 images of child pornography. He was also sent to jail for three years in 2006 for obscene acts with two girls in Vietnam. When he returned to the UK, he was placed on their Sex Offenders Register there. “It is difficult to overstate the depravity of this dreadful behavior,” Judge Alistair McCreath said when he was sentenced in 2015. The judge explained that he wanted to put the star in prison for much longer, but he was “constrained” by sentencing restrictions from the crimes he committed in the 1970s.