This sexy slug knows how to move it. An underwater photographer managed to capture a sea slug “dancing” in the water, but the image quickly went viral after being compared to something a little more X-rated. Captured in Western Australia’s Coral Bay by photographer Daniel Nicholson, the slug was identified as a “Spanish Dancer” due to the way the aquatic species moves through the water. A video of the creature was posted on Instagram last month just floating around and has since gained 406,000 likes. Nicholson, 31, said that he was with friends in the water when they spotted the dancer, initially thinking it was trash. “We were just out for some fun when we noticed something colorful floating in the water,” said Nicholson. “At first we thought it was garbage so stopped to try to take it out. “When we got closer, we saw it was a Spanish Dancer, so I jumped in to photograph it,” continued the photographer. “It was magical watching it dance through the water with the sun rays striking it.” According to the photographer, it’s incredibly rare to catch the slug in the middle of open water. The “Spanish Dancer,” is known scientifically as a Hexabranchus sanguineus. The predator eats mostly sponges and can be found in waters from Asia to Africa and South America. “I know it is quite rare to see one moving in midwater like this, and not sitting on the bottom, so the whole experience was very special, the movements were just mesmerizing,” said Nicholson. Several online users had their own thoughts on the video. “Dancing bacon? Now I’ve seen everything,” laughed one person. “Looks like floating pancetta,” commented a second person. “I think I want to be that in my next life,” chimed in a third, while another called it “water lasagne.” Other commenters had more X-rated thoughts. “Everyone here talks about food swimming, but is it only me who thought this is someone’s labia/yoni swimming out there,” laughed a user. “What in the sea vulva,” chimed in a second person. “Don’t flush your pads pls,” joked a third person.