Not only did Democrats block Albany District Attorney David Soares from delivering devastating testimony at the Jan. 30 state Senate hearing on their criminal-justice reforms, they’re now trying to deny they did any such thing. What worms. Soares and the District Attorney Association of New York say Dems disinvited him the night before the hearing. But Senate Democratic flack Mike Murphy denies that, pretending lawmakers were perfectly happy to let Soares testify — even knowing he’d call out the disastrous toll their “reforms” have taken on minorities, and that his words would carry extra weight since Soares himself is a black progressive. Really, Mike? Funny: Soares spent hours preparing his remarks and had no reason not to deliver them himself. He calls Murphy’s denial a complete “work of fiction.” And though Murphy admits someone representing Dems discussed the issue with DAASNY the night before the hearing, he refuses to say who. Which makes Soares and DAASNY the only ones going on the record with their completely contrary account. And Soares’ absence made it far easier for Dem senators to get on their high horses when DAASNY prez Tony Jordan, a white Republican, read out Soares’ planned remarks. Sen. Jamaal Bailey (D-Bronx) called them “offensive” and “condescending,” complaining, “I’m curious about how testimony like this even gets in front of us at a public hearing.” Huh? A public hearing is specifically meant to allow opponents to express objections. He just couldn’t handle being challenged. One more time: Immediately after the reforms (cashless bail, in particular) took effect in January 2020, crime shot up. “In New York City alone, crime rose 20%, ending a 27-year stretch of yearly crime reductions,” read Soares’ testimony. This was before COVID broke out, so Dems can’t use that as an excuse. Over the first six months of that year, 39.6% of defendants released on “non-monetary” bail were nabbed again before trial. For those with a prior conviction, the rate was 44.6%. And the reforms “had their most devastating impact on black and brown communities.” Soares clearly cares more about public safety than politics. “Lawmakers attempted to silence me,” he said, but “the real victims here are those suffering from the effects of violent crime.” They’re not just “data points; they’re people.” Their stories “need to be told.” Indeed they do. Too bad Democrats refuse to listen.