Tax season is rapidly approaching, and it’s time to get your financial life in order. A vital way to secure a successful future for yourself is not just to prepare well for taxes, but your finances overall. Constantly rising prices, inflation, and declining markets call for you to get extra savvy with your money this year. With an e-learning financial course bundle, you can learn personal finance strategies and how to prepare your own taxes on a budget, from anywhere with internet access. Until March 2, you can get a 9-course bundle to personal budgeting, investing, and recession-proofing your finances for just $29.99. Robert Steele, CPA, among other financial experts, built these courses with their years of knowledge and expertise. Steele has been making instructional resources for accounting and finance since 2009, and several of his texts have been rated at a full 5 out of 5 stars on Amazon. The Individual Retirement Accounts (IRAs) & Taxes course may teach you tax benefits of IRAs and how to use them in deductions on tax forms, with examples and demonstrations. This could be the key to maximizing your tax return or simply understanding more about your overall finances. Courses such as Create a Budget that Works, Real Estate Investing Basics, Life Power: Credit, Debt, Saving, Investing & Buying a Home, and The Complete Stock Market Investing Guide for Beginners could teach you beyond the basics of personal finance. Whether you want to invest in real estate or stocks, purchase a home, or get help with your debt, these course lectures may help you achieve all of your financial dreams. You will get lifetime access to these courses, including any future updates. This means you can take all the time you want to study and continually refer back to this information whenever you need to. And at the end of each course, you will receive a certification that could even be a valuable asset on your resume. Take hold of your financial future this tax season with the 9-Course Guide to Recession-Proofing Your Finances for just $30. Act fast though, as this deal ends March 2 at 11:59pm PT. Prices subject to change.