The guy who brought men down is now helping them get it up. An ex-Ohio police officer who spent 12 years locking up criminals is now helping men improve their sex lives — by starting his own erectile dysfunction clinic. “We treat men with erectile dysfunction and a string of other conditions,” Tomo Marjanovic told Jam Press of unshackling people’s sex lives. The 37-year-old runs the Aspire Rejuvenation Clinic, a holistic regenerative and preventive medicine clinic based in Orlando, Florida that employs hormone therapy to, among other things, help those who are struggling in the sack. “Whether you’re a male or female seeking sexual enhancement, we have a safe, effective treatment option to suit your needs and stimulate your sex life again,” reads the about section for the health and wellness center. This marks a major career shift for Marjanovic, who spent more than a decade as a police officer, during which he did everything from dodging bullets to busting drug dealers and responding to murder scenes. “I saw a lot of bad things and was shot at several times,” recalled the former lawman. Marjanovic said he also collaborated with the Joint Terrorism Task Force and the FBI and one of his directives included keeping tabs on terrorist sympathizers using drug money to fund missions in Afghanistan. While Marjanovic loved his gig as a cop, eventually the traumatic experiences began to take their toll, including one frightening instance where a crazed gunman pointed an AR-15 at his face. This coupled with an uptick in political correctness at HQ eventually inspired the longtime lawman to depart the force in search of greener pastures, he said. Marjanovic opted to pursue a career in health and wellness — a lifelong passion of his that had been instilled by lifting weights since he was a teenager. After a stint overseeing the marketing department at a hormone clinic, the burgeoning wellness guru decided to splinter off and launch Aspire Rejuvenation. They specialize in using hormone therapy — increasing or reducing patients’ testosterone or estrogen levels — and other treatments to help a variety of ailments from weight loss to muscle growth, and of course, sexual performance. However, Marjanovic says that Aspire’s approach differs from that of other hormone replacement purveyors in that they look at problems through a “holistic health” lens rather than a “symptom treating” perspective. “With men, we look at it from a perspective of well, he’s having sexual dysfunction but why is he having it?” said Marjanovic, who also worked as a model and amateur bodybuilder. In accordance, there’s no one-size-that-fits-all solution for impotence. Like a sexual Swiss army knife, Aspire offers a smorgasbord of different remedies, including prescribing Cialis and Viagra for impotence and a PT-141 peptide to stimulate arousal. Marjanovic’s brand of sexual healing isn’t just for men, either. Aspire also offers women a climax cream that allegedly enhances “clitoral stimulation and vaginal sensitivity to increase your ability to enjoy intercourse more and experience orgasms more easily,” per the site. The love doctor says that the clinic also helps women “who are going through the menopause.” Going from cuffing perps to prescribing penis pills might seem like an epic heel turn, however, the ex-officer claims that “being a cop has definitely made me a better businessman.” “In law enforcement, you learn how to be very structured,” the entrepreneur declared. “And when it comes to business, I think that’s extremely important.” Of course, Marjanovic says this vocational 180 isn’t without its caveats, including missing the “excitement and adrenaline” of his law enforcement gig. “I miss being able to turn a dangerous situation into a way to help someone,” lamented the nostalgic former officer. Not to mention that his ex-colleagues didn’t initially support his wellness career, which they thought was doomed to failure. “There was a lot of talking behind my back,” said Marjanovic who claimed the boys in blue have since come to accept his new profession. “Over the last few years, that has faded and several of my old colleagues are patients and support my ventures,” he said. This isn’t the first time an officer has quit the force to pursue something sex-related. A Colorado cop who was allegedly ousted from the force over her OnlyFans page now makes five figures a month on the platform and even gets “marriage proposals” on the reg.