Prince Andrew is reportedly “furious” that his brother King Charles may ban him from wearing a ceremonial robe to the coronation. The disgraced royal, who was famously stripped of his royal and military honors by his late mother, Queen Elizabeth II, could be banned from donning a set of velvet robes that signify his position as a Knight of the Garter come May 6. A source told the Mirror that the Duke of York was “left completely in the dark” over the dress code for the upcoming celebration, while other members of the royal family have already been told the specifics. “Andrew is furious. He’s already not playing a part and now he feels he is being disrespected and dictated to over something he is fully entitled to [wear],” the insider added. The King’s coronation will reportedly be a “Collar Day” — meaning that outfits of members of the Order of the Garter will reflect their respective knighthoods. But for Andrew, a lounge suit could potentially be in the cards, the outlet added. The Post has reached out to Buckingham Palace for comment. Confusion over Andrew’s coronation outfit comes after he stepped back from royal duties following a sexual assault case filed by Virginia Giuffre. Giuffre has long claimed that pedophile sex trafficker Jeffrey Epstein made her have “disgusting” sex with the royal three times, starting in 2001 when she was just 17. Andrew’s lawyers said he “unequivocally denies Giuffre’s false allegations against him.” He settled the case out of court for an undisclosed sum last February. It’s not the first time the scandal-scarred royal has faced doubts over traditional outfits. During last June’s Garter Day procession in Windsor, Andrew’s mother had banned him from wearing his ceremonial robe at around the same time she barred him from using his HRH (“His Royal Highness”) moniker. While he is still a Royal Knight of the Garter and a Knight Grand Cross of the Royal Victorian Order, he was told face to face by his mother that he would no longer be known as His Royal Highness following his association with Epstein. The monarch, who was 96 when she died in September, broke the news to the father of two at Windsor Castle in January last year. That same month, she also took away his military titles.