Megyn Kelly slammed infectious disease expert Dr. Anthony Fauci for “lying” about the origins of the coronavirus. “He didn’t give a s–t where the pandemic originated, because China,” Kelly said during Wednesday’s episode of her SiriusXM podcast. The former Fox News anchor also took aim at mainstream media outlets for treating Fauci as a “superhero” and a “mini-God.” Kelly accused Fauci of “manipulating” reporting on the origins of COVID-19. She cited an April 2020 news conference in which Fauci touted a report that included findings “totally consistent with a jump of species from an animal to a human.” During the news conference, he cited the study by “a group of highly qualified evolutionary virologists” published in Nature Medicine that showed the coronavirus had “mutations” that were “totally consistent with a jump of a species from an animal to a human.” Fauci had also told the White House press corps that “the paper will be available. I don’t have the authors right now, but we can make it available to you.” But newly released emails show that Fauci himself commissioned the report. “Fauci went so far as to basically pretend he didn’t know these people” who wrote the report, Kelly said. “Like ‘I can’t even remember the names of who were on this paper.'” “This guy, it’s amazing, he’s gotten away with this,” Kelly continued. “It’s amazing the mainstream media doesn’t show more interest in what are clearly lies, they come out every week, but they just love their little Fauci superhero doll.” Kelly added: “Each one of them goes to sleep with it at their bedside every night, and no narrative can be advanced that contradicts it.” Fauci, who retired last year after more than four decades of government service, has come under fire in recent days for refusing to seriously consider the possibility that the coronavirus was developed in and leaked out of a lab in Wuhan, China. Robert Redfield, who served as the Trump administration’s director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, told Congress on Wednesday that Fauci and Francis Collins, the head of the National Institutes of Health, had frozen him out of discussions about COVID-19 origins because he refused to rule out the lab leak theory, Fauci has denied Redfield’s claims. The Post reached out to Collins,  who is currently a science adviser to President Biden. Collins in the past has not ruled out a lab leak but has sided with Fauci’s theory about how the virus originated. In the early weeks and months of the coronavirus pandemic, Fauci told National Geographic that the most likely explanation is that the pathogen jumped from bats to humans. “If you look at the evolution of the virus in bats and what’s out there now, [the scientific evidence] is very, very strongly leaning toward this could not have been artificially or deliberately manipulated … Everything about the stepwise evolution over time strongly indicates that [this virus] evolved in nature and then jumped species,” Fauci told National Geographic. Fauci has denied claims that he refuses to consider the lab leak theory — particularly in light of a recent Department of Energy report citing intelligence stating that the most likely scenario is that COVID accidentally leaked from a Wuhan laboratory. He told the Boston Globe that he was keeping an “open mind” about the origins of the coronavirus. When asked if we will ever know for certain, he said: “We may not ever know.”