It got done. Barely. With minutes to spare. “Got a little dicey yesterday when it was getting close to 3:30, 3:40, part of me was like, ‘We may not get to the finish line,’ ’’ Giants general manager Joe Schoen said Wednesday. “And then the last four, five minutes we tied a bow on it, luckily.’’ Schoen and the Giants on Tuesday — with a 4 p.m. deadline looming — tied a bow on a four-year, $160 million contract for quarterback Daniel Jones. If no agreement was reached, the Giants were set to put the one-year franchise tag on Jones, a development neither side wanted. The tag had to be in by 4 p.m. “It pretty much came all the way down to the finish line,’’ Schoen said. “I think, literally, it was like 3:54 the deal got done.’’ Jones was at the Giants facility as time was winding down and the negotiations were dangerously approaching the point of no return. When the deal was finally reached, Schoen said, “I think it was a big relief for everybody.’’ Jones, ever stoic, admitted there was an “emotional component’’ he felt as the clock ticked away. “There were probably some points where you had more confidence and some points in time where you had less confidence,’’ Jones said. “But I wanted to find a way to work it out, and that was the goal. It was very much my mindset, and I’m glad we did. “I’m thrilled to be back.’’ Schoen described the scene as including “some big hugs and then ran off to do the other things we needed to do before 4 o’clock.’’ Schoen ran off to put the franchise tag on Saquon Barkley. Jones, 25, stayed into the evening as the details were completed, signed the contract then headed off to a celebratory dinner with friends and his agents. “Yeah, I picked up the tab, yup,’’ Jones said, cracking a smile after agreeing to a deal that includes $82 million in fully guaranteed money. Schoen said at times during the three weeks working with Athletes First on a deal the sides were quite far apart. “There was give and take, people were standing firm on what was most important to each side, and at the end of the day each side had to give a little bit, and that’s why it went down to the wire,’’ Schoen said. “I know I’m stubborn, I know I like to dig in so some of that came out, probably different sides of me that those guys haven’t seen.’’ On Tuesday, Schoen wanted to impose a noon deadline to come to an agreement so there would not have to be a mad dash as 4 p.m. neared. “That didn’t happen,’’ Schoen said. “We went all the way to the deadline. We were scrambling. We had several emails prepared depending on which way everything went. Fortunately the best-case scenario came to fruition. “The best deals are won when both parties are happy at the end, and I think that’s the landing spot we came to.’’ Jones’ representation started out asking for a deal averaging well above $45 million per year — perhaps as high as $48 million annually. “I think I saw some of that, there were plenty of numbers thrown out and some may have been true, some may not have been true,’’ Jones said. “It’s negotiation, that’s part of it. I’m glad with where we ended up. I’m excited about it. “I think it’s a great deal for both sides and allows us to do some things going forward and continue to grow and improve.’’ Jones said he conferred with Eli Manning before and during the contract talks. Manning earned $252.3 million in his 16 years with the Giants and served as a sounding board to the player who replaced him as the starting quarterback. “And he gave me some good advice,’’ Jones said. “I think his message was just that things, they’ll work out how they’re supposed to. One day, you’re going to feel good about it. One day, not as good. But just to keep working.’’ During the three-week negotiations, Schoen used a text chain with co-owners John Mara and Steve Tisch, and also Chris Mara, the senior player personnel executive, providing updates whenever needed. It was sometime during the 2022 season that Schoen and head coach Brian Daboll came to the conclusion that Jones was their franchise quarterback. There was not a consensus around the league that Jones deserved such consideration. “We can’t worry about what people are saying outside the building,’’ Schoen said. “All we care about is inside these walls. And we’ve got a very talented, experienced coaching staff and a very talented personnel staff, I believe. And what matters is what we think inside this building. That’s how we’re always going to make decisions. “We’re not going to worry about the outside noise. And we’re going to [have a conviction] in what we’re doing. It’s a well-thought-out process, and we’re happy with the decision that we made. And we’re happy to move forward with Daniel.’’