He had it his way. A UK dad undoubtedly cemented his spot in the fast food hall of fame after ordering a 36-patty Burger King monstrosity for his birthday — one for each year of his life. Footage of his enormous endeavor is blowing up online. “I think it’s the biggest burger ever ordered at Burger King — a proper birthday treat,” Craig Harker, from northern England, told SWNS. The gourmand runs the YouTube channel “Dad Loves Food,” where he films himself doing everything from eating 100 chicken nuggets to subsisting on drive-thru fast food for 24 hours. For his latest high-octane stunt, in honor of his birthday, the Brit decided to take advantage of Burger King’s rule that allows customers to “add on as many patties as you want” to a whopper. As he is 36 years old, he ordered the equivalent number of patties — which clocked in at a whopping 6,000 calories. The total tab for his patty cake: $64. In the clip, posted online last week, Harker can be seen driving to his local BK as he vows to get the “biggest birthday burger you can possibly get your hands on.” “I’m not a normal person, I love meat, I’m an absolute carnivore … and you all know how I love fast food,” declares the grease gobbler, who owns his own bar and grill. Once at the drive-thru, the burger binger orders the veritable Mount Everest of processed meat. “Can I have one Whopper meal please, with a diet coke?” Harker asks, before nonchalantly requesting the restaurant adds “35 patties.” He then receives the parcel — a veritable duffel bag of beef and bun. “When they handed the burger over, it was almost like them handing the baton over at the Olympics in the relay,” the burger buff recalled to SWNS. “I had to be careful when taking the food, especially as it was so heavy.” After nearly getting drenched by a waterfall of grease, Harker unveils the 3-foot treat, which is stacked precariously with patties like a fast food Jenga. “Happy birthday to me,” the would-be burger king gushes as he prepares to chow down on the nearly 40-story whopper. Despite his bold talk, the Brit wasn’t able to summit this artery-clogging K2. Harker said he had to stop at 12 patties because his “stomach was starting to look like the burger.” “It was absolutely huge, and I thought if I forced any more down I was going to throw up,” Harker explained. “I got to the point where I thought, ‘Right, this is me done comfortably, without me popping a button off my pants.'” Fortunately, he was able to give the mountain of leftovers to his family, including his dog. While he didn’t end up finishing his whopper of a Whopper, Harker said it was an “absolute bargain for the size of the burger.” “If you went to a restaurant for that size burger, you’d be paying a lot more than what you’re paying for the extra patties at Burger King,” said the proud patty eater, who thinks he may have set a fast-food record. “It’s definitely a contender for the biggest, most commercially available burger because there’s a Burger King on everyone’s doorstep,” Harker declared. “I personally haven’t seen a bigger burger from a national or global chain.” While some restaurants eschew food hacks, a Burger King rep said it cheered on Harker as he piled on the patties. “We always encourage customers to have it their way — whatever and however that may be,” a spokesperson for the burger monger told SWNS. “Thanks to Craig for choosing the Home of the Whopper to create his almighty birthday burger.” His is not the only formidable food feat. In May, a UK competitive eater brought new meaning to “fast food” after devouring four KFC meals in under 12 minutes, setting a new personal record.