She’s been muted IRL. An OnlyFans model is claiming an angry neighbor berated her for “pissing everyone off” with her “loud” videos. In a since-deleted clip, Amber O’Donnell, 24, was supposedly interrupted while filming a TikTok by the frustrated woman who knocked at her car window. “I’m not being funny, but you need to stop now. You’re being really loud. I’m sat in my garden, I’ve just come home from work, and all I can hear is your gob,” the woman, who did not appear in the video reposted to Twitter, complained. O’Donnell, clearly stunned, attempted to explain that TikTok is her job – but her neighbor did not seem to like that response. “Well, I’ve just come from my actual job, and I really just don’t want to hear it, if I can’t hear you, I can f–king see you,” the woman continued, accusing the young content creator of having her “t-ts out” with the window open. “I’m just letting you know, it’s not just me that thinks it, it’s the rest of the neighbors as well,” she added, saying she’s “had enough.” Despite saying she was “sorry,” O’Donnell could barely get a word in, as the not-so-neighborly woman continued to complain. “I’ve tried to be nice but I can’t be doing with it, it’s too much. I’m just letting you know you’re pissing everyone off,” the woman said, adding that she doesn’t “want to hear it” from O’Donnell. The OnlyFans star apparently was too stunned to speak, writing on the clip: “I can’t believe I caught this on camera.” In a subsequent Twitter thread following a news report about her, she clarified that her neighbors have no idea she posts on OnlyFans – they’re only aware of her TikTok account, which promotes her adult content. Online, she claimed she had filmed “several” TikToks in her car, but her neighbor “conveniently” interrupted the clip in question. Denying rumors that the unbelievable video was “staged,” the creator claimed that the neighbor simply doesn’t like her. In fact, she’s even had notes thrown over her fence, she said, calling it “petty.” “And I would only ever be naked in my house if I was just getting out the shower or getting changed which I am entitled to do, my neighbours aren’t even directly in view of my bedroom window so it’s clear they go out of their way to snoop,” she tweeted. While she admitted the walls may be “a lot thinner than a normal house,” she’s convinced she doesn’t make an outrageous amount of noise. “I’m not a overly loud person, I don’t play music or anything, I don’t actually think I am loud enough for her to hear me, I just think she’s picking faults at anything,” she wrote in another tweet.