Florida Republican Gov. Ron DeSantis distanced himself Tuesday from a widely-criticized blogger registration bill, saying he does not support the legislation. DeSantis pointed out at a news conference that lawmakers can introduce measures independently and said he was surprised he became associated with state Sen. Jason Brodeur’s proposal that would require bloggers who cover government to register with the state. “Every person in the legislature can file bills,” the governor said after delivering his “State of the State” address. “I see these people filing bills and there are these articles with my face on the article saying that bloggers are going to have to register with the state and they’re attributing it to me. “That’s not anything I’ve ever supported, I don’t support,” added DeSantis, a likely 2024 presidential candidate. “I’ve been very clear about what we are doing.” “I don’t control every single bill that has been filed,” he went on. Brodeur’s bill – introduced earlier this month – would have required bloggers who write about the governor, members of his Cabinet or state legislators to register with the state and file monthly reports on who paid them and the amount of compensation — on pain of up to $2,500 in fines. The legislation immediately came under attack for violating the US Constitution’s free speech guarantee. Ron Kuby, a First Amendment lawyer, predicted the law wouldn’t pass court muster. “It’s hard to imagine a proposal that would be more violative of the First Amendment,” Kuby said. “We don’t register journalists. People who write cannot be forced to register.” Even former House Speaker Newt Gingrich, a Republican, called on Brodeur to pull his pitch. “The idea that bloggers criticizing a politician should register with the government is insane,” Gingrich said in a Twitter posting Sunday. “It is an embarrassment that it is a Republican state legislator in Florida who introduced a bill to that effect. “He should withdraw it immediately.” With Post wires