Two of the highest-scoring offenses in the NHL will meet on Monday night. The Buffalo Sabres, who rank third in the circuit with 3.74 goals per game, will host the Edmonton Oilers, who pace the league with an average of 3.88 goals per contest. It’s a massive game for both teams in their respective playoff races. Buffalo trails the Penguins by three points for the last Wild Card spot in the Eastern Conference, while Edmonton needs a win to stay within touching distance of Vegas and Los Angeles at the top of the Pacific Division. The Oilers are -145 favorites in Western New York on Monday night. (7:30 p.m. ET., ESPN+) Edmonton may lead the NHL in scoring, but there are still reasons to be concerned about just how far this team can go. Sure, the Oilers can come back from any deficit or blow the doors off any opponent on any given night, but there’s also always a chance that Edmonton gives up a touchdown because the goaltending is a disaster — especially of late. And what’s most disappointing is that Edmonton’s defense, which has had its fair share of ups and downs during the Connor McDavid Era, has been sharp lately. The Oilers lead the NHL in expected goals against and high-danger scoring chances allowed in their last 10 games, but the goalies have undone all that work. Edmonton’s .871 save percentage in that span is the fourth-worst mark in the league. While Stuart Skinner has struggled of late for the Oilers, he’s outplayed Jack Campbell by a wide margin for most of the season and should be the starting goaltender most nights for Edmonton. Skinner has skated to a .911 save percentage and +11.1 Goals Saved Above Expected (GSAx) in 36 appearances in 2022-23. Buffalo’s goaltenders have also struggled this season for the most part. While Ukko-Pekka Luukkonnen and Eric Comrie have had their moments this season, neither has strong overall numbers and have been outplayed by 41-year-old Craig Anderson. Like Edmonton, there are going to be nights that Buffalo’s goaltending does them in, no matter how well they play. But the difference between these two sides is that the Oilers are actually playing decent defense, while the Sabres are flying by the seat of their pants. Only three teams have conceded more high-danger scoring chances than the Sabres at 5-on-5 over their last 10 games and only four have surrendered more expected goals. This leaky defense doesn’t have the luxury of having solid goaltenders to bail it out. As you can see from the over/under — which is set at 7.5 — this game should be a wild tilt with plenty of chances at both ends of the rink. But that style should suit the Oilers, who have the better defense and goaltending, so long as Skinner gets the nod. Oilers -1.5 +160 (BetMGM)