For Patrick Kane, putting on a Rangers jersey Thursday kind of felt like all the times he played for Team USA at the World Championships or the Olympics. It’s different equipment and gear. It takes some getting used to. For 16 years, however, Kane always came back to the red, white and black Blackhawks sweater. Now, that won’t be the case. For at least the next two months — but the Rangers hope it’ll be more like three and a half — Kane will be in Rangers Blue. “You go back and forth in your head a bunch of times about a trade, but I just feel like this is such an amazing opportunity with what they have going on here in New York,” Kane said in his first press conference as a Ranger Thursday afternoon. “And you know, when the option was still there to possibly make a move, it wasn’t the easiest decision, but I’m just really excited to be here. With this team with the amount of skill and good players that they have here, it’s just another chance to make a run. “I felt like it’d be a good experience and get out of [my] comfort zone a bit and be able to play for a different franchise, different team.” Most players who are traded are asked about their last 24 hours. For Kane, the more appropriate time frame in question is probably the last week. Kane had been held out of Chicago’s lineup for the previous three games, during which he reportedly went home to presumably pack. This whole moment was then dragged out even longer when the Rangers opted to have Kane come directly to New York instead of meeting the team in Philadelphia the night after the trade was made official on Tuesday. But the Rangers players, team personnel and the whole state of New York have been anxiously awaiting his official arrival. Even Knicks guard Jalen Brunson was spotted wearing a No. 88 jersey coming into the Garden Wednesday night. “I went to the practice facility yesterday and [Brunson’s] dad was in there,” Kane said. “Jalen FaceTimed his dad and then he put me on the phone. So it was good, I was talking with him for a little bit and he said he was looking forward to coming to a game and vice versa. I’d love to go to a Knicks game and support him as well. “Just the energy in the city, throughout the organization, is just a pretty big high right now. I’m so excited to be a part of that.” Kane, 34, spent his entire NHL career in Chicago and helped bring three Stanley Cups to the city. He made his NHL debut at 18, alongside Jonathan Toews, on Oct. 4, 2007 in Minnesota. The two will not share a locker room for the first time in 16 years. Toews, who announced that he was stepping away from the Blackhawks due to health concerns, is not expected to be moved before the trade deadline. “It’s weird,” Kane said of being away from his longtime teammate. “Been together for so many years. Know he hasn’t been around the team lately. Probably won’t feel as normal as it usually does. We’ve had 16 years together. It was a great run. It’s going to be weird not being around him.” Luckily for the Buffalo, New York native, there was a familiar face waiting to greet him on the Garden ice Thursday morning. Artemi Panarin, who played with Kane for the duration of his two seasons in Chicago, couldn’t help but joke that he was “pissed off” when he heard the Rangers had officially traded for his former teammate. All jokes aside, the Russian wing has been open about how well he feels he and Kane mesh together on the ice. The two are set to skate on the same line Thursday night against the Senators, which was a no-brainer starting point on the new-look top six for head coach Gerard Gallant. “Today’s the first time I’ve seen him in a long time,” Kane said of Panarin. “Just being able to be around him – definitely missed that over the last five, six, seven years. Just picked up right where we left off.”