Might as well call her Jo Frost. Brenna, a part-time, live-in nanny in Utah, took to TikTok last week to share the five things that she would never do on the job after working in the profession for five years. Her video has already reached 38,100 views on the social media app. Kicking off the 48-second clip, Brenna revealed that her first rule is that she’s not the housekeeper — she’s the nanny. “I will only clean up after the kids and I, unload the dishes, do the kids laundry, and just pick up after ourselves,” she explained. However, she admitted that if she’s watching a baby, things are a bit different, and she’ll make some exceptions. The second requirement on her list is that she will not work for a family that doesn’t allow her to take the kids out of the house, as she showed clips of herself taking kids to places like Starbucks and Chick-fil-A. Brenna said, “I personally do not know how to entertain your kids in the house for 10 hours, and the kids and I will lose our sanity.” She added, “I’ve tried it before with previous families and it just did not work out for me, and I ended up quitting.” Another rule that Brenna stands by is that she will not accept being paid late, and admitted that it’s something that happened to her a lot in the past. She also claimed that she will not lower her rates to “settle” a families’ needs. “I will find somebody who will pay me what I deserve,” she stated in the video. “I will not watch extra kids including your friends or your families kids, unless you want to pay me a lot more.” Brenna’s fifth and final thing she will not do is working outside of her hours. “It’s my time off, bye,” she said as she ended the video. The Post reached out to the nanny for comment. In the comments section of her TikTok video, many users praised her for setting boundaries at the job, and admitted that they could relate to her struggles as a nanny. “I nannied a little boy in a 2 bedroom apartment and was not allowed to leave the property, I nearly lost my sanity so that rule is a good one,” one user typed. Another person agreed, sharing a similar story. “This was lowkey validating,” they claimed. “I’m a nanny of an almost 2 year old and work 12 hour shifts. Not allowed to take him anywhere and I’m just so bored. We can play in the yard but that’s it.” “My toughest boundary was reminding the parents that I am a nanny and not a therapist. That I’m here to take care of the children not them. ,” another admitted. However, a few users seemed to disagree with what she shared in the video. “I would watch extra kids just bc they entertain each other,” one person wrote. Another agreed, “I would not hire someone with your attitude. if you’re live in you should treat the house as your own- ie- clean up after yourself.”