The mad dash for college basketball information and analysis has begun. With 2023 March Madness brackets being filled out, it’s time to discuss those pivotal first-round matchups. Looking for that big upset pick that separates you from the bunch? Look no further, as The Post has you covered on 2023 March Madness winners and predictions about the NCAA Tournament. Below we preview the first round. Charleston opens as a 5.5-point underdog for Thursday’s contest – and color me a believer. The Cougars will likely be a trendy pick in many brackets, coming in as a 12-seed against the five-seeded Aztecs. The Cougars rank higher in net offensive rating according to KenPom, a particular issue for SDSU; The Aztecs are 6-8 against the spread in games that hit the over this season. The Cougars have a dynamic attack on offense, and they should be able to hang in the game or possibly win outright. Bet Charleston +5.5 at BetMGM. The first of two 7 vs. 10 matchups were are targeting, let’s look at Michigan State, who comes into this matchup playing solid basketball, against the USC Trojans. We know what to expect from the Spartans, a slow-paced grudge match with suffocating defense. USC will need to rely heavily on its veteran backcourt in order to keep the offense flowing. The rankings think this matchup is especially tight on paper, with KenPom having ranked Tom Izzo’s bunch No. 32 overall and USC coming in at 36. Look for Izzo to keep the pace slow and methodical while stifling star Trojan guard Boogie Ellis. Target the more experienced coaching in a game like this and take Michigan State -1.5, still available on Caesars. A pick ’em in another 7 vs. 10 matchup, this time we’re going with the low seed. As the Action Network’s C. Jackson Cowart pointed out in his bracket tips, beware of the high offense, low defense squad. This play style gotten Missouri into trouble in the past, and this year is no different. Their offensive efficiency rating is fantastic (ninth in KenPom) but their defensive rating is below average (179th). The Aggies, meanwhile, are nearly as efficient in offense (13th), while balancing that with a solid, 69th-ranked defense. An upset on the bracket – but not necessarily for sports bettors, where the game is being lined evenly. With no favorite declared on FanDuel, grab Utah State in a pick ’em and expect the Aggies to obtain favorite status by Thursday.