NORTH PORT, Fla. — The Yankees’ bullpen has its first injury of spring training. Tommy Kahnle is dealing with right biceps tendinitis, manager Aaron Boone revealed on Sunday, which marked the third day of a 10-day throwing shutdown. Boone was hopeful that Kahnle could still be ready for the start of the regular season. “We’ll be careful and not rush him, but it should keep him in line,” Boone said after a 10-6 win over the Braves at CoolToday Park. Kahnle, who underwent an MRI exam this past week, has yet to pitch in a Grapefruit League game. “We had it imaged and everything and there’s no change in his physical stuff and shoulder,” Boone said. “Just a little biceps tendinitis. So he should get through it in the next week and start ramping him up.” The Yankees signed Kahnle to a two-year, $11.5 million contract in December for his third stint with the team. His second stint in The Bronx ended in 2020 after he underwent Tommy John surgery. Kahnle came back from the elbow surgery last season and made his first appearance with the Dodgers in May before being sidelined by right forearm inflammation. He returned in September, though, and pitched well down the stretch and into the playoffs. Every other member of the Yankees’ projected bullpen has pitched in a game except for Ron Marinaccio, who is coming back from last season’s shin injury and threw two simulated innings on Saturday. Gleyber Torres and Kyle Higashioka played in their final game on Sunday before leaving the Yankees for the World Baseball Classic. Torres (Venezuela) and Higashioka (USA) were both looking forward to playing in the event. “It’s a huge opportunity for myself and all the players going to represent Venezuela to put on a really good show and maybe we can get the trophy for our country,” Torres said. “That’s always been a dream of mine to represent USA,” Higashioka said. “I didn’t really think it was in the cards, but when they offered me a spot, with the blessing of the [Yankees], I graciously accepted.” Nestor Cortes is scheduled to throw another live batting practice session on Wednesday and then will be in line to make his Grapefruit League debut after that. Cortes is about seven to 10 days behind the rest of the starters because of the hamstring strain he entered camp with, so Boone said the rotation order to start the season would likely be Gerrit Cole, Carlos Rodon, Luis Severino, Domingo German or Clarke Schmidt and then Cortes. The Yankees made their first round of cuts on Sunday, reassigning RHP Sean Boyle, catchers Josh Breaux, Anthony Seigler and Austin Wells, OF Elijah Dunham, , LHP D.J. Snelten and RHP Mitch Spence to minor league camp.