Julia Fox’s brother, Christopher Fox, was hit with a raft of firearms and drug charges Thursday — as photos from inside his recently-raided Manhattan home revealed a chaotic scene of wires, pots, cords and what appeared to be narcotics. Police arrested Christopher, 30, and his father, Thomas, 65, after they found ghost guns and evidence of narcotics manufacturing in their Upper East Side apartment during the early morning sweep, according to law enforcement sources. But authorities seemed to focus on the son, who had the items in his room, the sources said. Christopher – who was once described by the “Uncut Gems” star as a “mad scientist recluse” – has been charged with criminal possession of a controlled substance, manufacture of a machine gun, manufacture of a rapid fire modified device, manufacture of a dangerous instrument, criminal possession of a weapon, criminal possession of a firearm and criminal use of drug paraphernalia, according to police. Christopher looked scraggly in his mugshot photo, with unkempt hair and several days’ growth of beard. Pictures from within the home obtained by The Post buttressed his “mad scientist” vibe – one image showed a scrambled collection of pots and wires, while another showed what looked like pill bottles and other paraphernalia. He was awaiting arraignment in Manhattan Criminal Court on Thursday. Thomas Fox has not been charged. Neither has a prior criminal history. The NYPD’s Ghost Gun Team hit the apartment Wednesday morning as part of a larger investigation, sources told The Post. Inside, they found several of the homemade firearms, which have no traceable serial numbers, as well as 3D-printed parts like lower receivers. Police also seized 3D printers, polymer material, unidentified pills, a pill press, pressure cookers, fentanyl, chloroform, heroin, propane, formaldehyde and materials often used to make explosives, sources said. Sources said investigators had been tipped off by a series of suspicious online purchases — including chemicals — that were delivered to the East 81st Street pad. An NYPD spokesperson said the matter was “believed to be contained, with no apparent nexus to terrorism.” The Italian-born model and actress has spoken before about her dad and brother, who she grew up with in New York but rarely saw. Fox, 33, rose to fame after her appearance in the Safdie brothers’ 2019 crime thriller “Uncut Gems,” in which she starred alongside Adam Sandler. Fox – along with other relatives – has described her brother as something of a hermit who liked to conduct experiments. But they also characterized him as an introverted softie who “wouldn’t hurt a fly.” A source told The Daily Mail that Fox years ago cut ties with her brother and their “insane” dad. “Julia and Christopher were raised by their unstable, abusive and unhinged father. She knew about her dad and brother’s 3D printing and suspected drug usage, but has no direct knowledge about this because she has zero contact with either of them,” the source said. “Her dad is insane and has caused her emotional trauma that she will have to deal with for the rest of her life,” the source added to the Mail. “She knew that one day his life would catch up with him. She is glad that no one was hurt by his disgusting actions.” Sources said Fox wasn’t in the city during the raid and didn’t know about her family’s alleged nefarious activity. She declined to comment when reached Wednesday.