A gun, multiple knives, black face masks and gloves were among the dozens of chilling items that were seized from the Pennsylvania family home of Idaho murder suspect Bryan Kohberger, search warrants unsealed Wednesday revealed. Kohberger’s possessions were carted away by cops from his parents’ residence on Lamsden Drive in Albrightsville on Dec. 30, the day of his arrest for the cold-blooded killings of four University of Idaho students. The new search warrant made public Wednesday and obtained by The Post shows that law enforcement officials took away from the home a Glock 22 .40-caliber handgun and empty magazines, a Smith & Wesson pocketknife, and a third Taylor Cutlery knife in a leather sheath. It was previously revealed that cops were searching for a “Rambo”-style knife — such as a KA-BAR brand combat blade — in the slayings. It is unclear if either of the knives recovered were used in the heinous crime. Cops also collected black face masks and gloves from the home, multiple laptops and other electronic devices, including Kohberger’s cellphone, as well as books, numerous dark-colored clothing items and shoes. The handwritten list of items seized mentions a “criminal psychology” book and another volume “with underlining on page 118,” along with a “note to dad from Bryan” and a “green leafy substance.” Multiple documents were also taken away from the home, including medical records and Kohberger’s AT&T phone bill. On the same day, cops searched Kohberger’s 2015 white Hyundai Elantra and emptied it of its contents, including gloves, a shovel, goggles, floor mats, boots and a reflective vest. Authorities even stripped the sedan of its gas and brake pedals, seats, seat cushions and headrests. A previously unsealed search warrant released Tuesday revealed that cops collected Kohberger’s Under Armour underwear, a silver flashlight and four “medical-style gloves,”  and took a cheek swab to obtain his DNA. The warrant the Pennsylvania State Police prepared, which was signed off on by a judge, listed the things they were looking for, which included: blood or other bodily fluid and materials with blood on them; dark clothes and shoes with a diamond pattern sole; human or animal hair strands; documents and “data compilations” related to the four victims or their home. During a search of Kohberger’s Washington state apartment — just a short drive from the scene of the murders — local investigators seized a mattress cover possibly stained with blood, human hair strands and a single glove. Kohberber, 28, has been charged with four first-degree murder counts for allegedly knifing to death Kaylee Goncalves, Madison Mogen, Xana Kernodle and Ethan Chapin inside their rental home in Moscow, Idaho, on the night of Nov. 13. The victims’ surviving roommate reported opening her door after hearing noises in the house and seeing a masked figure dressed in all black walking past her. Police said the killer had left no fingerprints at the scene but a tan knife sheath was found on a bed in one of the rooms. Authorities zeroed in on Kohberger — a criminal justice PhD student at Washington State University — after his white Hyundai Elantra matched a vehicle that was seen driving away from the crime scene. Police in Pennsylvania observed Kohberger walking outside his parents’ home in late December and collected trash thrown from the residence on Lamsden Drive. Subsequent lab tests showed that the trash contained DNA that matched that detected on the knife sheath recovered from the site of the murders. Investigators also obtained phone records that placed Kohberger at the location of the murders on at least a dozen occasions. Kohberger had contacted one of the female victims through social media multiple times in October, but she did not respond to him, according to an investigator close to the case who spoke to People magazine. Kohberger is due back in court for a preliminary hearing on June 26. He has not entered a plea yet but previously said through an attorney that he is “eager to be exonerated.”