Kristina Parks Fernandez isn’t just pumping iron. She’s pumping up her self-esteem — and her bank account. The single mom from California was left by her husband and became responsible for raising their three kids on her own, but getting into bodybuilding saved her in more ways than one. She turned her passion for the gym into a thriving fetish business and now makes anywhere from $14,000 to $20,000 per month showing off her muscles on OnlyFans. Fernandez, 42, has 16-inch biceps and can bench press 170 pounds. She weighs 182 pounds, with almost 42 pounds of that being muscle. “I found out bad things about my husband. This led me to cam work to support my kids as he disappeared,” Fernandez explained to Media Drum World. “I make mostly muscle fetish videos. All within my boundaries. I do not do porn videos of sexual acts like most people assume OnlyFans is.” She added about her online platform, “Mine is all based around my power, beauty and strength along with the fetishes of muscle and domination.” The mom of three also revealed that she has between 600 and 1,000 subscribers on her subscription page. After her fallout with her former husband, her on-screen endeavors “pushed her” into fully committing to sculpting her muscles. “That pushed me to dive deeper in bodybuilding which led me to the life of muscle fetishes, which took me to OnlyFans,” she said of her camera work. For those who’ve been living under a pop culture rock, OnlyFans is an online, subscription-based service that allows creators to make and charge for their content. It is used by a variety of different creators, but many use it for sharing sexy content. However, the mom maintains that she doesn’t do many strange requests, like breaking things, smashing fruit or showing herself nude below the waist. “I’d say I live a comfortable lifestyle, I don’t stress about money,” Fernandez said. “My kids want a lot but I don’t spoil them, but they get to go on fun trips and I make sure they get everything they need and all the activities and sports they want to play are covered.” Growing up in Cali, Fernandez admitted that she was bullied as a child. When she turned 8 years old, she decided to turn to going to the gym to create what she called “a suit of armor.” But despite her workouts, she later developed an unhealthy relationship with food. She explained that she “frequently forgot to eat” and would binge eat and drink, sometimes consuming more than 3,000 calories in one day. But when Fernandez was 35, she decided to turn things around and began to wake up every day at 4 a.m. to complete a fasted cardio session — a cardio workout on an empty stomach — as a New Year’s resolution. This led her to where she is now, muscles and all. “Once I started my journey to get into shape I was addicted to seeing results and feeling the best I ever had,” she explained. “All my insecurities were slowly diminishing.” Fernandez said that she eats six meals per day, totaling around 2,000 calories. Some staples in her diet include oatmeal, eggs, almond butter, chicken, turkey, sweet potatoes and more. In the gym, she trains with heavy weights and does 90 minutes of fasted cardio. The bodybuilder also added that she never misses a workout. She’s happy with her lifestyle, as it allows her to take care of her kids full time. “I don’t depend on a man, which I love,” she admitted.