Prince Harry risks “exile” if he continues to “self-sabotage” his relationship with Prince William, according to Prince Andrew’s ex. Lady Victoria Hervey, who is a close friend of the royal family, compared Harry and William’s relationship to that of Cain and Abel — the first two sons of Adam and Eve. In the Bible, Cain murders Abel, and Hervey notes that the Duke of Sussex “is self-sabotaging his relationship with his brother so much so that it has now become Cain and Abel.” “It’s becoming a bit of a blood sport,” the 46-year-old model told the Mirror. “Harry is getting himself closer and closer to being exiled. I think he’s only one or two steps away from that happening.” Hervey also said Meghan Markle’s husband has long tried to portray himself as the victim of the situation. “I think he’s pushing the line as much as possible so that happens and he can wallow in victimhood,” said Hervey, who famously had a brief fling with the Duke of York back in 1999. The Post has reached out to Harry’s reps for comment. Harry’s ongoing rift with William was made worse with the release of his bombshell tell-all memoir, “Spare,” in January. In his protocol-shattering book, the 38-year-old sensationally made private family spats and conversations public, and slammed his family over a myriad of disagreements. Harry claimed that senior members of the royal family “briefed” the press and “leaked” negative stories about his wife, and said he felt a “responsibility” to put the “truth” out there. He added fuel to the fire by revealing that he has enough content to write even more books about his experience growing up as a royal, as he cut out nearly half his content from the first draft. Particularly, the exiled royal said a lot of content about William and their father, King Charles III, was removed from “Spare” to avoid an irreparable rift. More recently, he sensationally demanded an apology from the royal family for his wife, telling them to “come clean.” “You know what you did, and I now know why you did it. And you’ve been caught out, so just come clean,” the Duke of Sussex sensationally asserted to his family in an interview with the Telegraph in January. Harry, who claimed his family is treating him as if he is “delusional and paranoid,” did not clarify what exactly he wants his family to apologize to Meghan for. The father of two insisted that “if people had listened” to him sooner, the rift between the Duchess of Sussex and the rest of the royal family wouldn’t have gotten so bad. “It was all so avoidable. But they just couldn’t help themselves,” he said, referring to the royals.