The sprawling Colorado home where JonBenet Ramsey was found murdered decades ago has hit the market for nearly $7 million, according to a new listing. The 6-year-old beauty queen’s body was discovered by her father, John Ramsey, in the basement of the “stately” five bedroom Boulder home — which sits on a quarter acre of land, a Zillow ad listing the property said Thursday. “Stunning curb appeal with amazing Flatiron views,” gushes the ad, which lists the home for $6.95 million. “An epic Boulder location, on three lots.” The brick abode also boasts a “luxurious gourmet kitchen,” wine cellar, and “expansive brick patio,” according to the listing, which makes no mention of the home’s heartbreaking history. JonBenét was reported missing from the house on the morning after Christmas in 1996, by her mother, who found a strange ransom note demanding $118,000 in exchange for the child. Since then, the girl’s case has become one of America’s most tragic and enduring unsolved true crime mysteries — with her family plagued by suspicion before they were cleared by prosecutors 2008. The Ramseys bought the house in 1991 for $500,000 and sold it in 1998 to a group of investors for $650,000, according to The Denver Post, which was first to report the home is for sale again. In 2001, the property’s address was changed and large trees and fencing were added to prevent lookie loos as fascination with the case swirled. The A-frame-style abode was bought three years later for $1.05 million by its current owners, Tim and Carol Schuller Milner, daughter of “Hour of Power” televangelist Robert Schuller. In its current listing, the house is  described as having “a timeless appeal in an unbeatable location.” “Stately and modernized 1920’s Tudor estate in an epic Boulder location, on three lots, stunning curb appeal with amazing Flatiron views,” the listing says. “Surrounded by luxury homes, a beautiful stroll to Pearl Street shops, restaurants, CU and easy access to Denver.” Before it hit the market his week, the 7,240-square-foot house was last for sale in 2014 for $2 million. Nobody has ever been charged in the case, which remains under investigation.