This story is a real kicker. A 27-year-old woman claims that she had no idea she was pregnant until she gave birth in her bed — but, according to her fiancé, he had felt the baby kick when they were in bed together. Oh, and he didn’t tell the mom to be! Emily Graham said that she awoke one morning in January with period stomach cramps which she initially blamed on constipation. “I told my fiancé that I didn’t feel well and had bad stomach pains. I then went on the toilet thinking I could just be constipated or something,” the UK native told Kennedy News and Media. “I sat there for a while and was just thinking ‘oh no, this isn’t period pains’. So I went back to bed, thinking it would just pass, and woke up ten minutes later.” According to the brand-new mama, the pain felt as though her insides were being “ripped apart. I went back to the toilet and my fiancé came in to see if I was ok. He was googling what it could be and said, ‘Eeerm, you could be pregnant.'” Around 90 minutes later, Graham said she felt the urge to push. “I needed to push and thought, ‘Oh God, I think I am pregnant,'” laughed the 27-year-old. “When I was lying on the bed and my partner said, ‘Oh yeah, I think you’re crowning.’ That was the moment that we thought ok, this is happening.” According to Graham, her partner managed to call an ambulance and the paramedics got to the couple’s residence in time to help deliver their daughter. “We rang the paramedics and they came just in time to deliver her, she was delivered at home on the bed,” said Graham. “If they’d arrived even two minutes later then my fiance would have been doing it.” Graham and her partner were taken via ambulance to a hospital where doctors ran tests on both mother and daughter. “The first night in the hospital I didn’t know what to do and was worried, but it just kind of comes naturally I would say,” she said. “After that first night I was fine.” It was at this time, Graham’s partner, Ash Green, dropped his daddy bombshell: He felt the baby kick while they were in bed together. “He said when we’d been in bed at night if he’d been hugging me and stuff he would feel kicks but he didn’t want to mention it at the same time,” said Graham. “I was like, ‘Well you should have.'” According to Green, he didn’t want to mention it to her because he assumed that she was twitching in her sleep. Graham also revealed that doctors had diagnosed her polycystic ovary syndrome — a condition in which the ovaries produce an abnormal amount of androgens, which is usually found in men and can cause infertility among women, according to the Mayo Clinic. Meanwhile, the retail worker said that she exhibited no symptoms of being pregnant, adding that she drank at her work’s Christmas party. She also jetted off to Florida and took three rides on Universal Studio’s Jurassic World VelociCoaster — which launches riders at 70 mph within 2.4 seconds. “We went to Florida in September on the rollercoasters and everything when I would have been about six months pregnant if she was full term,” she said. Graham added that the only change she noticed was the fact she went up a couple of dress sizes but merely chalked it up to overindulging during the holidays. “I had heartburn towards the end, but that was about it. I just put that down to eating,” said Graham. “I went up a few dress sizes, I think it was two, but I thought that I was just overindulging over Christmas and putting weight on.” Despite being thrust unexpectedly into motherhood, Graham said she wouldn’t change it for the world. “I was told I may not be able to have children. We spoke about having them before and we were disappointed but thought if it happens great,” recalled Graham. “But if not, we’ll get on with it. But we’re really happy now. Now we’ve had Isabelle, I want another one. So fingers crossed we can have more children.”