The public legal battle between Tiger Woods and his ex-girlfriend Erica Herman apparently is “a nightmare” for the golf legend. Woods — whose past cheating scandal with ex-wife Elin Nordegren nearly destroyed his career — is worried that his current situation with Herman could result in “another scandal,” a source close to the pro told People. “Tiger feels like this is another shakedown,” the source said, adding, “He doesn’t want another scandal.” Woods reportedly believes Herman is aware of his concern about their drama playing out in the public eye. “It terrifies him, and she knows that because they’ve talked about it,” the source said, adding, “There’s a lot of panic right now” for Woods. “No one wants the details of a long relationship to be made public.” The insider added that last year, it became evident to “everyone” around Woods and Herman that things had “gotten toxic” between the couple. On Wednesday, news broke that Herman, 38, filed legal papers seeking to nullify a non-disclosure agreement, which she claimed Woods made her sign at the start of their relationship in 2017. The documents cited a law that allows NDAs to be nullified in cases of sexual assault. However, Herman did not make any direct accusations against the 47-year-old Woods. In separate court documents obtained by The Post, Herman filed a landlord complaint in October 2022, suing Woods’ Trust for wrongful eviction and seeking $30 million in actual and consequential damages. Now, Woods is reportedly trying to figure out how to protect himself for fear that Herman might do a tell-all interview. Woods says the $30 million Herman is asking for in the filing “is ridiculous,” according to the source. Woods “has to decide whether it’s worth paying that amount so that this can go away,” the insider said. “Or else, will he see her giving an interview to Dr. Phil? He is trying to protect himself.” In the landlord complaint, Herman alleged she had an oral agreement with the trust that allowed her to live with Woods in his Jupiter, Fla., mansion for a total of 11 years — and that she had five years remaining on the deal when he ended their relationship in October 2022. Herman lived in Woods’ Jupiter, Fla., home with his kids — Sam, 15, and 13-year-old Charlie — since at least 2019, Page Six reported. In the filing, the defendant — Jupiter Island Irrevocable Homestead Trust — asked for Herman’s lawsuit to be heard before an arbitrator. Lawyers for the trust argued that Herman was only allowed to live in the home while she was dating Woods, per People, which added that Herman was told she had to move out after Woods ended their relationship back in October. “Ms. Herman responded to the breakup by filing this lawsuit,” the trust’s lawyers said. Herman claimed the oral agreement was breached when the trust’s employees used trickery to remove her from the home and “locked her out of the Residence, removed her personal belongings, and informed her she could not return.” The lawsuit also alleged that the trust took $40,000 in cash that belonged to Herman before making “scurrilous and defamatory allegations about how she obtained the money.”