Fox News anchor Maria Bartiromo invited the CEO of Dominion Voting Systems to appear on the air to refute claims the company’s voting machines were engaged in fraud, but the firm didn’t take her up on the offer, according to a court filing. Attorneys for the network — which shares a common owner with News Corp, parent company of the New York Post — submitted a filing with a federal judge in Delaware which argued that Bartiromo “did not act with actual malice” and was “acting responsibly” while anchoring her show. “Thanks to today’s filing, Dominion has been caught red-handed again using more distortions and misinformation in their PR campaign to smear Fox News and trample on free speech and freedom of the press,” a Fox spokesperson said Tuesday. “We already know they will say and do anything to try to win this case, but to twist and even misattribute quotes to the highest levels of our company is truly beyond the pale.” Fox attorneys cited a November 2020 email from Bartiromo to Tony Fratto, who at the time was the chief spokesperson for Dominion. In the email, Bartiromo invited the company’s chief executive onto her show to refute claims made by Sidney Powell, the former federal prosecutor and pro-Trump attorney who promoted the conspiracy theory that Dominion voting machines flipped votes in favor of Joe Biden. “I just watched the whole interview with Sidney Powell. It’s sad,” Fratto wrote to Bartiromo on Nov. 21, 2020. Bartiromo replied: “Tony. She is pushing on this. Do you want to have dominion ceo on?” Fratto did not respond to the offer. He wrote: “She is pushing a lot of things and trime [sic] after time they’re proving to be untrue. WSJ editorial board has it right — again today on Georgia handcount.” Fox lawyers said the email shows that “numerous media outlets, including Fox News, offered Dominion opportunities to tell its side of the story.” In the email, Bartiromo pledges to Fratto that she will “push her on it next time,” a reference to Powell. “Wow. OK I’ll push her on it next time. I do not know what to say. This is incredible,” Bartiromo wrote to Fratto. Fox lawyers also cited the transcripts of a Bartiromo exchange with Powell in which she offers “pushback.” “Are you planning to present actual evidence of all you’ve said: Dominion Voting machines, swapping votes from Trump to Biden, as well as an effort to actually change the results of the election? You’ll be able to prove that in court in the next two weeks?” Bartiromo asks Powell. “The emails, texts, and deposition testimony speak for themselves. We welcome all scrutiny of our evidence because it all leads to the same place—Fox knowingly spread lies causing enormous damage to an American company,” a Dominion spokesperson said. Dominion alleges that Fox News hosts and executives knew that claims of voter fraud were false yet pushed them on viewers nonetheless. It is suing the network for defamation. The company is seeking $1.6 billion in damages. Fox has argued that the claims were newsworthy topics since the allegations were made by then-President Donald Trump in the days and weeks following his election loss to Joe Biden.