O.J. Simpson’s longtime Miami home he lived in with his two youngest children after his acquittal for the murder of Nicole Brown Simpson was quietly demolished, The Post has learned. Simpson, 75, purchased the four-bedroom, four-bathroom property, which occupied more than 4,100 square feet in 2000 for $575,000 — or nearly $1 million today. But following his 2008 conviction in an armed robbery involving two sports memorabilia dealers in Las Vegas, the home was forced into foreclosure four years later, while Simpson sat in prison. JPMorgan Chase Bank foreclosed on the property in 2012 and it was then bought by Global Rental E & P, an investment company, for $513,000 in 2014, according to Miami-Dade Property Appraiser records. The home stood on a gated 1.65-acre lot, which included a guest house, a swimming pool and a basketball court. In the summer of 2022, the property was destroyed and listed for sale for $2.6 million. Located in Miami’s Killian neighborhood, the parcel of land sat on the market for months, at one point reducing to $1.9 million. But without any offers, the listing was removed last week. It’s likely that a new home will be built on the parcel before it hits the market again — or the land will re-list after interest rates come down. Surrounded by mature trees, the previous listing notes that the lot is ready for a “custom-built estate.” “Great opportunity to own one of the largest parcels of land left for development in what is now being called ‘West Pinecrest’,” the listing adds. At the time Simpson purchased the home, he revealed that it would need major renovations. “I’ve lived in some pretty upscale places — this place has a lot of shortcomings compared to them,” Simpson previously told the Miami Herald. “But the land is great, and I’ve already met some of the neighbors.” Simpson lived in the house with his son Justin and daughter Sydney when they were teenagers. Both were students at the nearby prestigious Gulliver Schools. The Heisman Trophy winner lived there until he began a prison sentence in 2008. On Oct. 1, 2017, Simpson was approved for parole after serving nine years of his sentence. The former NFL player was acquitted in 1995 for the fatal stabbings of his ex-wife Nicole Brown Simpson and her friend Ronald Goldman. Simpson is currently residing in a golf course community of Canyon Gate Country Club in Las Vegas, Nevada. He has previously expressed interest in returning to Florida.