This granny has gains. A bodybuilding grandma is slamming haters after after a barrage of online trolls said that she “belongs in the kitchen.” A new social media star known only Granny Guns, whose viral TikTok features the 65-year-old pumping iron and baking cookies, is weighing in on the internet trolls who claim “women are weak.” Her breakout video was posted Thursday — on International Women’s Day, no less — and she has racked up nearly 800,000 followers and more than 26.7 million likes on her @65_strong channel. “For all of my fellow female fitness lovers” reads the caption for the clip, which represents a growing trend among muscle-sculpting senior citizens. The footage shows Granny Guns, whose full identity has not been revealed, sharing some of the hateful comments she has received on her video before cutting away to several women lifting weights. The nontraditional content creator was not afraid to play into the stereotype that nurturing grandmas often force their grandchildren to eat copious amounts of home-baked goodies. In one of her TikToks, Granny Guns is seen pumping iron at the gym — before cutting away to a shot of her holding a tray of cookies, saying that this is how she acts “any other time” she is not at the gym. Several of GG’s die-hard followers also weighed in on the video. “I love this! And all the amazing women in this video,” commented one user. “Love them strong women,” commented a second person. “The people who say ‘women are weak’ are the most insecure and anger-filled people you could ever meet,” slammed a third person. The Post has reached out to Granny Guns for comment on her newfound influencer status. Meanwhile, she has some competition: A lawyer from Hawaii is setting the bar high for viral sensations of a certain age. Ilene Block is unrecognizable after becoming a super-fit bodybuilder — at 60 years old. Block, who is now 63, had struggled with dieting and keeping weight off for her entire life. So, when she turned the big 6-0, she decided to take a step back from things and try to eat normally, without following any sort of plan. However, in doing this, she gained 30 pounds, which bummed her out. It wasn’t until she saw pictures of Joan MacDonald, 76, a mega-fit architect on social media, that Block decided to turn things around. She was inspired by MacDonald’s story, who began her fitness journey at age 70, so Block signed up for a macro-based program in 2020. “Within a year I lost 40 pounds and felt great,” Block told Caters. “I’d always wanted to do a bodybuilding show, but because of my busy career as a lawyer and bringing up my kids, I could never commit to doing it during my 30s, as the preparation is intense.” With her newfound passion for fitness, the Maui, Hawaii, woman decided to reach out to a coach to help her get ready to compete in bodybuilding shows, and things took off from there. She has since competed in not one, but two figure-bodybuilding shows and plans on continuing. “Even now, I can’t believe I have managed to do this,” Block admitted. “When I walked onstage, in my bikini, posing and feeling confident, I was just thinking to myself, ‘Am I really doing this?’ ” She trains six times per week, with an emphasis on weight lifting, and even boasts that before she stepped onstage for one of her shows, she was back down to 120 pounds, which is what she weighed at her wedding in her early 20s. “Although I used to exercise, I was never pushing myself out of my comfort zone, and I was stuck in a rut with what I was doing,” Block explained. “I want to prove that stereotypes aren’t true and that women can do whatever they want at whatever age.”