Super shrink me. Nashville grandpa Kevin Maginnis, 56, is ready to defy all odds by eating McDonald’s for 100 consecutive days in an effort to drop some excess weight — and it’s already working. Maginnis, who weighed in at 238 pounds on Feb. 21, proclaimed he would receive every meal over the next three months from the world’s largest fast-food chain. “I woke up this morning and I weighed 238 pounds,” Maginnis shared on his TikTok page @bigmaccoaching on Feb. 21. “I decided that that is absolutely unacceptable.” Maginnis, whose TikTok has been viewed over 650k times, believes that weight gain is attributed to not what you’re eating but how much food a person is consuming. While on his bizarre dieting journey, Maginnis ruled out snacking and will only eat half of his order per meal, saving the other half for his next meal with water being his drink of choice. “It’s not as much what you’re eating, it’s the quantity that we’re eating that really jacks us up,” Maginnis said in his first video, starting the diet. “I know many of you are gonna think I’m crazy, but let’s find out.” Maginnis, a business coach turned diet vlogger, said everything on the menu is fair game when he selects his meals — including desserts. His first meal consisted of a Sausage McMuffin with egg and cheese and a well-done hash brown for breakfast, eating the remainder of the meal for his lunch. He wrapped up the day with a Quarter Pounder “done like a Big Mac” and fries for dinner. By Day two, Maginnis said he was feeling “heat” in his stomach from cutting down his calorie intake. On Day three, Maginnis shared that he was down three pounds and revealed he had blood work done to see how his diet was affecting his health, aside from weight loss. His blood work showed his A1C (blood sugar levels) was “not good” with the rest of the results being “okay,” but Maginnis believes the more weight he shreds, the better his numbers will be the next time around. Maginnis, who chose to share his journey on TikTok to keep himself accountable, has been documenting his diet daily — sometimes posting multiple videos — and by the end of his first week, he was down 10 pounds. But, Magninnis’s biggest motivator for dropping the weight and trying to become healthier, is his family. “The biggest motivation is wanting to be healthy for my family. I got kids and grandkids, and I want to be here for them,” the dieter shared in another TikTok. As of Thursday, Maginnis was down to 225.5 pounds. His interesting diet also landed him an appearance on the Today Show Thursday, where he told hosts Carson Daly and Sheinelle Jones his diet was “absolutely working.” “You have to get to that part of your stomach where you have some heat in your stomach,’ he told the hosts. “They call it hunger; I call it my incinerator turning on to burn off all the excess fat.” Maginnis revealed that he had had prior success in his youth with cutting weight being a wrestler, and boxing for the military, two sports that require athletes to be a certain weight before competing. Jones asked Maginnis during the segment if he was consulting with doctors during his diet and what they thought of his offbeat diet. “I have cardiologists that love it and cardiologists that hate it,” Maginnis jokingly shared. “Just like the comments on TikTok.” Maginnis also said he chose McDonald’s and that the fast food giant was not sponsoring him in any way. “I’m big [and] my name is Maginnis, so the nickname Big Mac has been thrown out at times. I figured, “Why not embrace it?” And I like McDonald’s,” he said. Maginnis’s diet shares similarities to Morgan Spurlock’s 2004 documentary “Super Size Me,” where Spurlock ate only Mcdonald’s for 30 days and gained nearly 25 pounds during his diet, with his health physical and mental speedily declining, forcing him to end the experiment.