A new duplex penthouse 1,050 feet above street level is about to hit the market at 53W53, 53 W. 53rd St., for $63.81 million — and the buyer can tack on an additional $2.5 million for the furnishings and more than $4 million for the artwork. The city’s latest jewel box in the sky, beside the Museum of Modern Art, is making its debut as the Elle Decor skypad designed by Fox-Nahem. The palatial digs take up the building’s entire 76th and 77th floors. At 7,973 square feet, the smashing residence features four bedrooms and 3½ baths. Details include a living room with 22-foot ceilings and views of Central Park. Elle Decor’s A-list designer Joe Nahem, of Fox-Nahem Associates, created the penthouse’s interiors, utilizing an artful mix of emerging artisans and established high-end brands. “We’re very proud of the result of this collaboration: an apartment that is as elegant and artful as it is playful and livable,” said Asad Syrkett, editor-in-chief of the magazine. The living room is anchored by an 11-foot-wide, limestone-clad gas fireplace and features seats by Vladimir Kagan for Holly Hunt opposite a wall installation by ceramist Peter Lane  and sculptural plaster floor lamps by Ralph Pucci’s John Koga. There’s also a windowed chef’s kitchen, a formal corner dining room with park views — featuring a custom dining table and chairs by Patrick Naggar, a John Koga pendant light and an art installation by Studio Hoon Kim — along with a media room. The main bedroom, bigger than most apartments, is 1,300 square feet and decked out in textured layers of monochromatic cream, while a custom-made, walk-in closet by Scavolini boasts a Saint-Louis chandelier, an Alfonso Marina bench and a Mansour antique rug — plus clothing and accessories by Christian Siriano and a spa bath with radiant heat floors. Guest rooms feature playful details like ceramic nightstands and an anemone-shaped alpaca-fleece lounge chair. There’s also a lounge with a custom bar, and downtown skyline and water views. The building was developed by Singapore-based Pontiac Land Group and Hines, with interiors by starchitect Thierry Despont, who orchestrated the Statue of Liberty’s restoration. But that’s not the only pricey sky palace in the building. An additional duplex penthouse is on the market for $64.7 million, listed by an army of Douglas Elliman brokers: Shari Scharfer-Rollins, Jade Chan, Frances Katzen, Renee Micheli, Fredrik Eklund and John Gomes. Pritzker Prize-winning architect Jean Nouvel built the 82-story tower in 2019. Amenities include hot new Asian restaurant, 53, from the James Beard Award-winning hospitality company Altamarea Group, of Marea fame. There’s also an on-site gym, a pool, a movie theater and residential perks like MoMA memberships.