A 90-year-old, who says everyone tells him he looks 20 years younger, has revealed his secrets to keeping his mind and body in shape. Robert Eddison, a writer from London, shared the simple routines he does to maintain his youth on TikTok, where he’s become a viral star. To stay physically fit, Eddison begins his days with a few light stretches. He began his morning routine in his 30s when he first began to experience back pain and swears stretching has warded it off ever since. “My back was so bad it skewed to the right. So I decided to fix it, and I went to an osteopath who worked himself out of a job,” he told SWNS. “He recommended these two to four minutes of stretches before I get up and it was incredible.” Eddison also alternates combining his stretches with 30 minutes of yoga or swimming every day. “If you use a stick you become dependent on it and you lose the ability to walk without one,” he explained. “I aim to do my balance exercises every day.” He also includes some balancing exercises — like standing on one leg for a few minutes as often as he can — which he credits with allowing him to walk without a cane. A study released in June found that middle-aged people who cannot balance on one leg for 10 seconds, which researchers dubbed the “flamingo test,” are at a dramatically increased risk of dying within seven years. Eddison also shared clips of himself walking through his morning routine, shocking viewers with his physical capabilities. In one TikTok video, he challenges his viewers, “I’m 90 and I bet I have a more flexible back than you.” The senior citizen then gets down on the floor and swiftly kicks his legs over his shoulders, rotates his hips in bed, stands tall and stretched his back and pumps out some rotating sit-ups. The inspiring video has gone viral with 13.1 million views and millions of comments from people in disbelief, many of whom insist that he doesn’t “look a day over 60” and beg him to drop his skincare routine. He’s shared that he uses a day cream, which protects him from the sun, a night cream and an anti-aging cream, which he puts under his eyes. He also pinches the skin on his face daily to prevent wrinkles. “Every time I go out, people tell me I must be in my 70s or 60s. They even accuse me of lying to them,” Eddison told SWNS. “I find old men very boring. Most of my friends are in their 40s.” In fact, Eddison works closely with Mohamed Abdelhadi, a 30-year-old engineer, with whom he has built his brand Eddison Wordplay, through which he shares his “knowledge and experience with others so that they, too, can tap into the mind’s riches and find fulfillment.” “Healthy diet, regular exercise and positive thinking. I rate all three as equally important,” Eddison told SWNS. “I have no time to die before 100 because I have a 10-year master plan, if you are living to do something you will live longer.”