JUPITER, Fla. — Francisco Lindor is adjusting to the MLB’s new defensive rules. The elimination of the infield shift means the shortstop remains on the left side of the infield, which Lindor said he likes. What has been more of a hardship is not being permitted to set up on the outfield grass. Lindor called the new rules “cool,” before adding, “I do feel like I have a wall behind me, an invisible wall, because I can’t touch the grass.” Prior to this season, Lindor lined up as many as two or three steps onto the grass for certain hitters. And at the start of this spring training, he put his feet just on the grass and took a step in as the pitch was being thrown, but learned that wasn’t allowed. “I’ll burn my heels if I touch it,’’ Lindor said with a laugh. He added he stood on the grass “all the time” in the past. No more. Lindor praised the rule that mandates two infielders on either side of second base. “I look to my left and I’ve got a lot of ground to cover,” Lindor said. “I look to my right and I’ve got a lot of ground to cover. And then [I say] ‘Don’t touch the grass.’ It feels normal. The one thing different is the grass part.” It also has made setting up before plays easier. “It’s fun,’’ Lindor said. “I know I don’t have to go past second base, so I don’t have to look at a card. Now I’ve got limits of where I can’t go to.” He has looked as dynamic on defense as ever, regardless of where he starts the play. During the Mets’ 8-4 win over the Marlins on Wednesday at Roger Dean Stadium, Lindor also homered to right field from the left side in the top of the third. He hit another deep fly ball to right-center in the fifth. In less than a week, Lindor will head to the WBC to play for Team Puerto Rico. He said he feels good overall after having played more often early in spring training in preparation for the tournament. “Usually, I go about spring training by checking some boxes,” Lindor said. “Can I pull the ball? Yes. Steal a base? Yes. Can I get to the ball up the middle or backhand? To be determined. I’m not fully prepared, but I’m a lot closer.”