There’s no two ways around it — Dusty Baker’s Houston Astros are baseball’s mightiest modern dynasty. Since 2017, the team has won two World Series titles, competed in two more Fall Classics and lost in the American League Championship round twice. And they’re looking to dominate all over again in 2023. Although ace Justin Verlander and first baseman Yuli Gurriel departed to free agency, the team looks as strong as ever. Behind the fearsome pitching staff made up of Framber Valdez, Lance McCullers Jr., José Urquidy, Luis Garcia and Cristian Javier, no opposing team this season will l;ook forward to a series against Houston. Their offense, comprised of perennial stars Jose Altuve, Alex Bregman, Michael Brantley,  Yordan Alvarez and newcomer José Abreu, should terrify any pitcher as well. Plus, you won’t want to forget World Series MVP Jeremy Peña either. All that being said, tickets for home games at Minute Maid Park can be found for shockingly low prices this coming season, considering you’ll be watching the returning champions in person. In fact, we found some seats going for as low as $10 before fees on Vivid Seats. That’s cheaper than a beer and a hot dog at the park. So, if you want to treat yourself to a game featuring the baseball’s best this season, here’s everything you need to know. All prices were found at the time of publication and are subject to fluctuation. A complete calendar including dates, start times, opponents and cheapest tickets available for all Astros home games can be found below. A complete calendar of all Astros’ home and away games can be found here. (Note: The New York Post confirmed all above prices at the publication time. All prices are subject to fluctuation and include additional fees at checkout.) Vivid Seats is a verified secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand. They offer a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and your tickets will be delivered prior to the event. While the Astros appear to be set with their star-studded roster this season, they’re already looking toward the future. Want to see who they’re attempting to lock down to multiyear deals? Check out the NY Post’s scoop for all the details. All Astros stories on the New York Post can be found here. There are a number of ways to catch the Astros from the comfort of your home this season. Your best bets to watch via TV are AT&T SportsNet Southwest, ESPN, Fox, Fox Sports 1 and TBS. Before tuning in though, make sure to check your local listings. If you’re a fan outside of the Houston area, make sure to look into an MLB.tv package for all your Astros-viewing needs. Houston is a major destination for many of the biggest stars in music. Don’t believe us? Check out just five of the huge stars headed to NRG Stadium and the Toyota Center these next few months. • Blink 182 • The Killers • Lionel Richie with Earth Wind and Fire • Thomas Rhett • Beyoncé Want to see who else is on tour this year? Check out our list of the 52 biggest concert tours in 2023 here.