The Ravens used the franchise tag on their star QB Lamar Jackson on Tuesday, though their future together remains in flux. Baltimore opted for a non-exclusive tag, meaning Jackson can field offers from other teams, though it appeared several quarterback-needy teams were out quickly. Multiple reports took the Falcons, Commanders, Dolphins, Panthers and Raiders out of the mix. That raised some eyebrows from prominent league names. “Why are all of these teams so publicly ‘out’ on Lamar Jackson, an MVP winner in his prime at the most important position in the entire NFL?,” recently retired J.J. Watt tweeted about the situation. “What am I missing here?” Robert Griffin III, a quarterback-turned-analyst, also took to Twitter to voice his suspicion. “Lamar Jackson is a Unanimous MVP, has led the NFL in passing touchdowns, is 26 years old, is 45-16 as a starter and all the QB needy teams are saying they aren’t interested,” Griffin III said, who had a similar playing style to Jackson. “Don’t smell right to me.” Whatever the reasons may be, the NFL Players Association is reportedly monitoring Jackson’s situation closely over the idea teams may be colluding to depress Jackson’s market. “Regarding this: spoke with sources at NFLPA and they’re keeping a very close eye on the Lamar situation for that very reason,” Trey Wingo tweeted about possible collusion. “Regarding the C word ‘there’s constant concern about that’.” Jackson is reportedly seeking a fully guaranteed five-year deal in the $230 million range, similar to that of Browns QB Deshaun Watson, something the Ravens will continue to work with him on. “We will continue to negotiate in good faith with Lamar, and we are hopeful that we can strike a long-term deal that is fair to both Lamar and the Ravens,” Baltimore GM Eric DeCosta said Tuesday. Whether other teams will try to do that same for the 26-year-old remains to be seen. Teams potentially could be put off by Jackson’s injury concerns — he’s missed time in each of the past two seasons. Jackson’s 2021 season ended with an ankle injury sustained in Week 14, while this past season was cut short with a PCL injury in Week 13. Teams might also feel uneasy with his ability to win in the postseason, where he sports a 1-3 record. The Ravens can continue to negotiate with their dual-threat pass-thrower until July 17 —after that, they can’t sign a new deal until after the 2023 season.