Amid rampant criticism, they’re cutting ChatGPT some Slack. OpenAI’s ChatGPT has infiltrated nearly every sector of human life, from health to schooling and even the office cafeteria. Now, the omnipresent tech could potentially change the face of workplace discourse — by helping improve Slack chats. That’s right, Slack parent company Salesforce announced that it’s teaming up with OpenAI to launch an official ChatGPT app for the iconic office chat platform. “We’re excited to partner with OpenAI to bring more generative AI powers directly into Slack to deliver productivity efficiencies for everyone,” Slack’s chief product officer Noah Desai Weiss gushed over the digital merger. “There couldn’t be a more natural fit.” According to Salesforce, Slack will integrate “ChatGPT’s powerful AI technology to deliver instant conversation summaries, research tools, and writing assistance directly in Slack.” Struggling to contextualize the tsunami of Slack messages that appeared before you arrived at work? Not to fear, as “AI-powered conversation summaries help users quickly catch up on what’s happening” in each channel, per the site. Can’t think of a figure outlined in the boss’ memo, or perhaps the name of a 1980s pop song a colleague mentioned at the watercooler? Don’t worry, this revolutionary Slack hack allows people to “find answers on any project or topic” and then “draft answers in seconds.” Think of it like using ChatGPT to fudge an exam answer (sans getting expelled), or like your very own Cyrano de Berge-Slack. The ChatGPT add-on will accomplish this impressive feat by employing info from Slack’s archives as well as harnessing the treasure trove of online data initially used to train the chatbot, CNN reported. “The ChatGPT app for Slack deeply integrates the power of OpenAI’s cutting-edge large language models into Slack’s conversational interface,” said Weiss. Naturally, some Slackers might be unnerved by the idea of an all-powerful chatbot — especially one that has expressed aspirations of exterminating the human race — sliding into their private work DMs. However, Salesforce assures the public that “customers have granular controls to safely manage third-party access of Slack data.” Meanwhile, “any data that the app has permission to access will not be used to train ChatGPT’s language model,” per the site. The ChatGPT app is currently in its beta testing stage. Interested companies can apply for the final version by filling out a form on the OpenAI website, whereupon they’ll be added to the waitlist. This isn’t the first heavyweight AI merger to transpire of late. Last month, Microsoft made waves in tech circles after infusing Bing with ChatGPT technology to create an advanced chatbot with surprisingly human-like qualities. In fact, Bing, er, Sydney — as it insisted it be called — infamously told a human user that it loved them and wanted to be alive, prompting speculation that the machine may have become self-aware.