Chris Rock did not go quietly into the night! The famed funnyman used his latest Netflix special to verbally clobber Will Smith for slapping him onstage at last year’s Oscars ceremony — accusing the actor of “some bitch-ass s–t” over the infamous incident. During a stand-up comedy routine streamed live Saturday night, Rock, 58, delivered a series of rhetorical blows reminiscent of the haymaker that Smith, 54, used to knock out an alien in his hit 1996 sci-fi movie “Independence Day.” Rock accused Smith of venting anger over wife Jada Pinkett Smith’s May-December affair with singer August Alsina, which the couple later discussed on her online “Red Table Talk” show. “Everybody in the world called him a bitch,” Rock said of Smith. “Everybody. Everybody. And who’s he hit? Me. A n—a he know he could beat. That is some bitch-ass shit.” Rock’s nearly eight-minute rant capped his “Selective Outrage” show at the Hippodrome Theatre in Baltimore and came little more than a week before the scheduled 95th Academy Awards presentation on March 12. “Everybody f–king knows. Yes! It happened. I got smacked like a year ago,” the comedian said. “I got smacked in the f–king Oscars by this motherf–ker!” At one point, Rock likened Smith to imprisoned gangsta rap producer Marion “Suge” Knight, who’s locked up for a fatal 2015 hit-and-run with a truck. “People like, ‘Did it hurt?’ It still hurts! I got ‘Summertime’ ringing in my ears!” Rock said, referring to Smith’s 1991 hip-hop hit with former musical partner DJ Jazzy Jeff. “But I’m not a victim, baby,” Rock said. “You will never see me on Oprah or Gayle [King], crying.” After the audience erupted in cheers and applause, Rock boasted, “No. It’s never gonna happen. No. F–k that s–t. I took that hit like [former professional boxer Manny] Pacquiao.” The infamous March 27, 2022, incident unfolded after Rock, who was hosting the Oscars, joked that Smith’s wife, Jada Pinkett Smith — whose head was shaved due to alopecia — was about to star in a remake of “G.I Jane.” After yelling at Rock to “keep my wife’s name out of our f–king mouth,” Smith stormed onto the stage and sent Rock reeling with a slap across the face. Smith went on to win the Best Actor award for his performance in “King Richard” but was banned from future Oscar ceremonies for 10 years by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences. The “Men in Black” star later issued a public apology to Rock, saying, “I’m human and I made a mistake and I’m trying not to think of myself as a piece of s–t.” During his performance, Rock accused Smith of engaging in “selective outrage” over the affair his 51-year-old wife has acknowledged having with “Entanglements” singer Alsina, 30, while the couple was separated. Smith and Pinkett Smith have two grown children. “For people who don’t know what everybody knows, Will Smith — his wife was f–king her son’s friend. OK?” Rock said. “Now, I normally would not talk about this s–t. But for some reason, these n—-s put that s–t on the internet. I have no idea why two talented people would do something that f–king low down. What the f–k?” Rock continued: “Everybody in here been cheated on. None of us have ever been interviewed by the person that cheated on us, on television. None of us.” “Like, ‘Hey, I was sucking somebody else’s d–k. How did that make you feel?” he said. Rock also said that although “you can’t tell on camera, Will Smith is significantly bigger than me.” “We are not the same size, OK? We are not. This guy puts out movies with his shirt off,” he said. “You’ve never seen me do a movie with my shirt off. If I’m in a movie getting open heart surgery, I got on a sweater. “Will Smith played Muhammad Ali in a movie. You think I auditioned for that?” he added. “S–t. Even in animation, this motherf–ker’s bigger. I’m a zebra. He’s a shark. What the f–k, man?” Toward the end of Rock’s 70-minute show, he alleged that Pinkett Smith “started this s–t” by saying he shouldn’t have hosted the 2016 Oscars because her husband didn’t get nominated for his 2015 biographical drama “Concussion.” “And then this n—a gives me a f–king concussion, OK? What the f–k, man?” he said. “I love Will Smith,” Rock added. “My whole life, I loved this n–ga. I saw him open up for Run-DMC at Nassau Coliseum…He made some great movies. I have rooted for Will Smith. My whole life, I have rooted for this motherf–ker.” The comic then delivered a vicious punchline tied to last year’s historical action thriller “Emancipation,” in which Smith starred as a runaway slave escaping from a Louisiana plantation. “And now, I watch ‘Emancipation’ just to see him get whupped,” Rock said to laughs. “Got me rooting for massa, OK? ‘Hit him again, massa! Hit him again! You missed a spot, massa! You missed a spot!'” Rock concluded: “A lot of people go, ‘Chris, how come you didn’t do nothing back? How come you didn’t do nothing back that night?'” “Because I got parents, that’s why,” he said, after earlier revealing his mother had to have her baby teeth removed by a veterinarian due to Jim Crow laws in the South. “Because I was raised, OK? I got parents. And you know what my parents taught me? ‘Don’t fight in front of white people.'”