She’ll have a ruff time keeping this kinky wedding night surprise under wraps. Gearing up her forthcoming big day, a bawdy bride-to-be — who’s never slept with her fiancé — has permanently branded her backside, tattooing it with the first initial of her groom’s name for him to discover during “doggy” style sex on their first evening as husband and wife. “I’m getting a secret tattoo for my fiancé, and he doesn’t know about it … and he’s going to find out on the wedding day,” said Madison Crowley, from Atlanta, in her trending TikTok tell-all, filmed 11 days ahead of her nuptials. In the video, which has amassed over 464,000 views, Crowley, a professional photographer, captures clips of herself grinning while getting a black cursive-style “G” inked onto her butt as a token of affection for her hubby-to-be, Greg. “I am obsessed with it. I love it so much,” said the brunette of the finished work of body art, noting the challenges she may face as her inked bumper sticker heals. “It’s going to be a little bit harder to take care of than I realized because it’s literally on my butt,” she said. “And I’m hiding it from him for the next 11 days. So, that’s gonna be fun and interesting … but I hope he loves it.” The Post has reached out to Crowley for comment. In a sequel snippet, a hot-to-trot Crowley revealed her animalistic fantasy about shocking Greg with the foxy ink while under the sheets. “I definitely did have ‘doggy’ [style sex] in mind when I got this tattoo,” she said of the NSFW position in which one partner is on all fours while the other penetrates from behind. “It’s going to be amazing.” “But my fiancé and I haven’t had sex yet,” she confessed. “We are waiting [until after the] marriage. So, it’s gonna be a nice little spicy secret surprise.” But, rather than applaud her saucy spontaneity, a number of negative naysayers criticized Crowley for getting engraved. “Way to jinx this relationship,” penned an unimpressed commenter. “Bad decision,” wrote another, which was followed by an equally cheeky rebuke that read: “Two years y’all [will] be divorced.” One man spat, “I’ve got my ex wives name tattooed on me … hard pass.” The cyber cynicism notwithstanding, Crowley did receive a stream of praise from approving audience members. “Obsessed with this idea,” cheered a supporter. “Good idea! Def doing it,” said another, suggesting that she, too, plans to emboss her bum with a lover’s initials. And to commentators who feared Crowley might have spoiled the sultry surprise by sharing it on social media, she assuaged their concerns, writing, “[My fiancé] doesn’t have TikTok.” Well, girl, here’s hoping he doesn’t have the internet either.