She’s dead serious. NYC fashionista Sam Dean posted a clip to TikTok explaining her macabre move to get people to “quiet down” in hotels and on airplanes. “Here’s a scam for the girls and the guys,” she begins her 30-second video, which has landed 1.6 million views in a week. “If you’re ever at a hotel, or I’ve used this on planes as well, where people are next to you and being really loud and rude, and you want to ask them to be quiet, but don’t want to be a d–k about it,” she continued. “If you say to them, ‘Hey, I’m sorry, could you please quiet down? I have to wake up early for a funeral tomorrow,’ every time they immediately feel so bad. They will quiet down instantly.” TikTokers filled the comments section with praise and applause, calling Dean a “genius.” Some even offered up their own methods to get others to shut up. “Immediate vibe killer, I love you for this,” one user cheered. “My mom did this once and then she proceeded to sob her eyes out for the rest of the flight like her lie was too good,” shared another. “A guy was tryin to flirt. I was sick and tired. He talked about his vacation & asked me about my trip. Said I went to a funeral. He backed off quick,” revealed another who swears by the trick. “I banged on a door where kids had been obnoxious for over an hour & said my kid’s dad just died & she’s trying to sleep. Didn’t hear another peep,” another user chimed in. “Or make sure they know they’re too loud by joining the conversation,” someone else quipped. “‘Sorry why couldn’t Barbara make it to the wedding?'” Others feel it’s “bad juju” to lie about death. “I feel like that’s bad karma and you don’t want to put death out in the universe,” one user advised. “Okay but tell me that’s not bad juju,” someone else mused. “I could literally never speak that energy into existence,” proclaimed another. Airplanes are travelers’ worst nightmares when they’re seated next to a noisy, rude or even smelly stranger. Frequent flyers have shared their dreadful experiences online, with some opting to ignore the nuisance and others taking matters into their own hands. Just last month, a woman vented on Reddit about a misbehaving toddler on her airplane. When the youngster allegedly started making noise, stomping his feet and screaming — and his unbothered mom refused to quiet him down — the Redditor reported confronting the stranger, only to be told to mind her own business. On TikTok, one couple recently shared their horrifying honeymoon travels next to a flyer who insisted on taking off their shoes, appearing to let the aroma of their smelly toes stink up the plane. Meanwhile, one person ribbed a fellow passenger online for chowing down on a full-course meal, while another posted a viral clip showing himself battling for the shared window blinds.