New video of the Georgia father-of-five whose remains were found in Louisiana Monday shows him walking with a mystery man in the hours leading up to his disappearance last month. Nathan Millard, 42, was seen walking along Florida Boulevard in Baton Rouge near or after midnight on February 22 after leaving Happy’s Irish Pub, where he was cut off for allegedly having too much to drink, WBRZ reported. The video shows the late father accompanied by an unidentified man who keeps falling over, with officials not specifying if it was the same man that Millard was pictured with at his hotel later that day. The encounter occurred before Millard refused help from a Greyhound bus security guard and went missing, with police finding his body rolled up in a carpet almost two weeks later in an empty lot. Baton Rouge police said they do not suspect foul play, but that they do believe someone dumped Millard’s body in the lot along Scenic Highway, about three miles from the Marriott hotel he was staying at. The new video adds to the police’s timeline of Millard’s disappearance, which starts with him visiting Baton Rouge to stake out a prospective gig for his Conyers-based construction company. He had gone to a Louisiana State University basketball game on Feb. 22, and later visited the Irish pub with a client, leaving at 11:30 p.m. after he was cut off. The new video shows Millard walking with the unknown man along Florida Boulevard, where his hotel is located. While the man appeared tipsy and falling over, Millard appeared to be walking normally. Millard, however, walked past his hotel to the nearby Greyhound bus station,  where a security guard offered to call him a ride or call police, but he declined, according to Baton Rouge Cpt. Kevin Heinz. “He didn’t appear to be in distress. She just felt as though he was out of place,” Heinz said of the guard. “He declined that offer and he left there under his own accord.” The encounter occurred at about 12:30 a.m., with police noting that other security cameras spotted him roaming the neighborhood throughout the night. Millard was last seen alive at the hotel at around 4:30 a.m., and video from the building shows him accompanied by a man in a white hat and a blue shirt and jeans. That same morning, Millard’s client called police to request a welfare check on him at 9 a.m. when Millard failed to show up to their meeting and didn’t respond to messages. Millard’s family said investigators told them Tuesday that he likely died of an overdose, local CBS affiliate station WAFB reported. Millard leaves behind his wife Amber, their 7-year-old daughter, two teenage sons from a previous marriage and two teenage stepsons. Amber said she last spoke with her husband when he FaceTimed her to show her the seats he and his client secured for the LSU basketball game. “It was not anything I ever thought would be my last call,” Amber said.