BOSTON — Julius Randle is an anomaly in the modern NBA. An All-Star who doesn’t take games off. Who logs heavy minutes and treats the idea of load management like it’s a pesky defender denying him the ball. He notices star players around the league resting, and Randle has heard the strategy behind it. It just doesn’t appeal to him. “I understand the science and all that different stuff behind it,” Randle said on Sunday before scoring 31 points and grabbing nine rebounds in 47 minutes during the Knicks’ 131-129 win against the Celtics in double overtime. “But I guess I have my own science. … I just put way too much into my body, for me personally to cheat myself out of being available for my team.” Part of Randle’s big season, he believes, is staying fresh mentally. Obviously, winning helps. But the physical forward credits it to having his family around so much, even on the road, which gives him balance in life. He also spends time meditating on a daily basis. It has all enabled him to have a positive mindset, even when the season isn’t going so well. It’s all working out so far for him and the Knicks. The 28-year-old Randle has enjoyed a strong bounce-back season after last year’s disappointment, averaging career-highs of 25.1 points and 10.4 rebounds while shooting 35.4 percent from 3-point range, the second-highest mark of his nine seasons in the league. He’s shown no signs of slowing down despite a heavy workload. Only Timberwolves guard Anthony Edwards has played more minutes, 2,397.9 to Randle’s 2,327.3. Since the All-Star break, Randle is averaging 32.2 points and shooting an even 50 percent from beyond the arc. His lights-out shooting came after he took part in the 3-point contest, in which he finished last. “I don’t know, man. I’m just locked in,” he said. “I don’t know if I was locked in like that for the 3-point contest. Maybe it did get me on track. … Maybe it prepared me.” Randle’s durability has been essential to the Knicks’ ascension to fifth place in the Eastern Conference. He hasn’t missed a single game and averages 35.8 minutes a night, tied for the 15th-most in the NBA. Fellow star Jalen Brunson, who was out for Sunday night’s game with a sore left foot, has played in all but five contests. Brunson has played repeatedly this year with minor injuries, and has talked about the importance of availability. The Knicks have rode that high-caliber duo to their surprising season. “I’m from the old-school cloth I guess,” Randle said. “To me it says something about somebody who can go out there and suit up every game and produce at a high level. Knock on wood, I’ve been very fortunate and blessed from the man above to not be injured as well. I put a lot of work into it to put myself in this position and more than anything I feel great.” Randle dropped considerable weight in the offseason to be able to get up and down the floor quicker. His trainer, Amolia Cesar, moved to New York City this season, which has always helped him stay in top condition. He tries to stay active on off days, even if it’s something as simple as going for a walk or stretching. He compared it to someone who starts working out, gets sore, stops working out and then deals with the same soreness after getting back into it. “It’s better to just be consistent,” he said. “That’s just my theory.”