Fans of neo-classical Mediterranean design and an iconic 2001 Anne Hathaway film, rejoice: The mansion that played a school in the coming-of-age flick is up for sale. Best known for its role as the facade of Grove High School in “The Princess Diaries,” a movie about an awkward teen with power brows turned hot royal highness, this San Francisco stunner is looking for a new owner, the Wall Street Journal reported. “Its acclaimed occupants (both real and imagined) certainly make it among the most beloved homes in our city,” Compass agent Steven Mavromihalis, who holds the listing with Jessica Grimes, told The Post of the property, which is currently seeking $8.9 million. “There is a kind of romance to the home that will surely attract prospective caretakers for whom beauty and harmony really matter.” The four-bedroom, 3.5-bathroom villa does indeed convey the law and order of a place like, say, the fictional nation of Genovia (“a small principality between France and Italy, often compared to Monaco,” according to a “Princess Diaries” fan page) and not a particularly posh corner of the hill- and fog-burdened tech hub. But 2601 Lyon St. has known Frisco since long before Facebook moved in: The property is 100 years old this year, and it has the original details to show it. There’s a double curved Beaux Arts staircase, a Juliet balcony with arches and three windows, multiple formal public rooms, an elevator, an office and a media room. There’s also an attached parking space with an automatic door and room for one car. In all, the more than 12 rooms are spread across 4,500 square feet. The sellers, former Just Desserts CEO Michael Mendes and his wife, Wendy Berry, purchased the property for slightly less than $6.4 million in 2009. Their then 7-year-old daughter was a huge fan of “The Princess Diaries,” a fact which did not help her parents get a better deal on the compound. “It was a bit unfortunate because we were trying to negotiate a good price,” Mendes told the Journal. Mendes and Berry are selling the property in preparation for relocating to the East Coast for work reasons. In addition to Mendes, the home also counts former San Francisco Giants owner Bob Lurie among its previous deed-holders. The firehouse Hathaway called home in the movie, meanwhile, was last sold in 2015 for $1.9 million, according to Realtor.com. It is currently off the market.