NFL Media is preparing for cutdown day. Several sources told The Post that the league’s media division, which includes NFL Network, NFL Red Zone, NFL Films and NFL.com, is in the midst of a strategic review that will result in major cost cuts. These cuts will likely include jobs being lost. “Given this period of broader economic uncertainty, it’s fair to say the NFL’s media group is taking an extra step or two to make sure all costs and expenditures make sense,” a source familiar with the matter said. The source added that the league’s media division is still committed to investing in growth areas such as NFL+, an OTT subscription service which launched last year. An NFL spokesperson declined to comment on the matter. Regardless of what happens in the economy, the league will not be destitute. This past season, the NFL kicked off an 11-year TV deal that The Post’s Andrew Marchand reported is cumulatively worth over $100 billion. The league also recently finalized a deal that will transfer distribution of Sunday Ticket from its longtime home at DirecTV to Google’s YouTube TV. The league gets exponentially higher viewership than not only every other sport, but everything else on TV. In 2022, the NFL accounted for 82 of the top 100 most-watched linear TV programs — including the top six spots and 19 of the top 20. Nevertheless, the league is constantly evaluating its economics. In 2021, the league announced that it was looking for a partner in its media business. “As the whole world of communications and digital media changes, we want to find a partner who can further help us maximize the reach and potential the NFL assets represent,” Patriots owner Robert Kraft told the Wall Street Journal. “We are not selling. We are looking for investment partners,” Cowboys owner Jerry Jones said. However, a partner in the endeavor has not yet materialized. At the Super Bowl last month, John Ourand of Sports Business Journal asked NFL commissioner Roger Goodell if NFL Media was still on the market. “Will we continue to talk to people about our media assets? Absolutely,” Goodell said. “We will look at every opportunity to try to expand our media assets, how to make them stronger, and how to reach more fans with them.” NFL Media is not the only part of the league in the midst of belt-tightening. Earlier this week, ProFootballTalk’s Mike Florio reported that the league would be freezing pay for “executives at a certain level.”