PORT ST. LUCIE — Unlike most of his teammates, Brandon Nimmo hasn’t started his Grapefruit League season yet. After last year’s success following a late start to the spring due to the MLB lockout, Nimmo said he’s following a similar schedule, with the expectation that he’ll get into a game later this week. “Then I’ll ride into the season,’’ Nimmo said. “I think that sets me up perfectly for the season.” And when he does get on the field, Nimmo said he will bring the same mentality he’s had since being drafted by the Mets in 2011 — even after signing an eight-year, $162 million deal in the offseason. “Everybody has always been, ‘Yeah you were a first-round draft pick, but from where? Wyoming? Really?’ ” Nimmo said before working out on Tuesday at the team’s spring training complex. “I’ve always carried that chip on my shoulder, of having to prove myself,’’ Nimmo said. “I’m going to put myself in a spot to succeed, and if it doesn’t happen, it won’t be because I didn’t turn over every stone and work hard and be there everyday.” The chip on his shoulder, Nimmo said, isn’t going anywhere, even with the contract. “Of course it is,’’ Nimmo said. “I hope it never goes away.” He likened it to what he heard Michael Jordan say during “The Last Dance” documentary. “No matter what he’d already done, he would make up reasons to motivate himself sometimes,’’ Nimmo said. “You’ve got to find something. That’s what I do.” So what will it be this year, now that Nimmo has a big contract and bigger expectations. “I’m holding myself accountable,’’ said Nimmo, who will turn 30 this month. “I think there’s more in the tank for me,’’ Nimmo said. “Last year was great, but I think I’m better. I think there’s more meat on the bone, and I have to have a higher standard. “Now I have to go and prove it.” Beyond that, Nimmo said, there was the free-agent process that ended well, with him returning to the Mets, but also included a few uncomfortable conversations elsewhere after finishing 2022 with a career-high 5.4 WAR according to Fangraphs and in several other offensive categories — including games, plate appearances, hits, doubles, triples, runs and RBIs. “There were little things I heard in some meetings from other teams, or even other teams that were not in on me,” said Nimmo, who declined to share what those things were. “But I’m going to use the doubts other teams had in me to get better,’’ Nimmo said. “I think that’s what the Mets saw in me, as well and that’s what they were so in on me. “They saw I was a 5 WAR player and think there’s even more there. We’ll see.”