Free agent wide receiver Odell Beckham Jr. worked out in front of 12-14 teams Friday in Arizona, according to a report from ESPN, and a video from former Giants teammate Prince Amukamara even showed Beckham making his classic one-handed catch. ESPN reported that the Giants, Bills, Ravens, Chiefs and Patriots attended, while CBS Sports added the Panthers, Rams, Cardinals, 49ers, Jets, Vikings and Browns to the list. “Everybody almost ran out after this one …” Amukamara tweeted, with three emojis of a blown mind following at the end. In the video, Beckham cut in toward the end zone before chopping his feet, stopping and pivoting back toward the outside — where he snagged his one-handed grab. Amukamara, who played for the Giants from 2011-15 and overlapped with Beckham for two seasons, also tweeted another video where Beckham — starting at midfield — ran about 40 yards before securing another one-handed catch, in stride, over his right shoulder. Ryan Willis, a former Virginia Tech quarterback and currently a member of the USFL’s Memphis Showboats, served as the quarterback for Beckham’s workout, and he posted on Twitter, in response to one of Amukamara’s clips, that “@obj out here making me look good” with a dart and eye emoji. The Cowboys didn’t have anyone in attendance, but team owner Jerry Jones told the Fort Worth Star-Telegram that it didn’t mean Dallas planned to remove itself from the Beckham sweepstakes. “I did have a very impressive (conversation) with the most important one in this whole proposition,” Jones said, according to the Forth Worth Star-Telegram. “That’s his mother. It was really easy for me to see where Odell got a lot of his pluses. She was very impressive. You can see where he gets a lot of the things he has.” News of Beckham’s workout started to leak out Thursday, when NFL Network’s Tom Pelissero reported on the scheduled workout, adding that Beckham — who tore his ACL in Super Bowl 2022 and missed all of this past season — is now 100% recovered. The former Giants and Browns wideout met with multiple teams, including the the Giants, Bills and Cowboys late last season, pitching that he could make a playoff return, but a late-season deal for the 30-year-old never materialized.