“The Excellence of Kamala Harris Is Hiding in Plain Sight” — The New York Times, Mar. 2 We say: Oh, yes, there’s definitely hidden “excellence” in Vice President Harris’ stellar record. Consider her deep thoughts: “It is time for us to do what we have been doing.” “There is great significance to the passage of time.” “We must together, work together, to see where we are, where we are headed … and our vision for where we should be.” Recall how, with a snap of her fingers, she fulfilled her chief task and completely ended the border catastrophe by addressing its “root causes.” Admire the public awe and respect she’s won for her administration with her public appearances and outreach to world leaders. Or  … maybe just look elsewhere for a more honest appraisal of our vapid veep. “[The Capitol riot] cost police officers their lives.” — WH spokeswoman Karine Jean-Pierre, Wednesday We say: How many times will Team Biden repeat this vile lie? Fact: No cop — not one — lost his life in the Capitol riot on Jan. 6, 2021. Several outlets initially reported that protesters beat Officer Brian Sicknick to death, but that proved false. Sicknick told his brother later that day he was fine, and video footage released this week even shows him walking with no problems after the supposed murder. Sicknick did die the next day but of natural causes (two strokes), the medical examiner found. Other Capitol Police officers later killed themselves after the riot, but blaming the chaos for that is a stretch. Still, the White House prefers to stick to the fake news. We say: Randi Weingarten must enjoy making a fool of herself. Only last week, she showed her ignorance about President Biden’s legal right to write off college loans. This week, in a tweet filled with spelling, punctuation and other errors, she’s accusing Florida Gov. Ron DeSantis of “banning everything he dislikes — teachers, journalists & the vulnerable.” Sorry, but there’s not a shred of evidence in any of that. Indeed, DeSantis is actually boosting school funding. As head of the nation’s second-largest teachers union, Weingarten is the face of America’s educators. Aren’t her members embarrassed? “They had to take the top of my head off a couple times [to] see if I had a brain.” — President Biden, Monday We say: OK, Biden was kidding. But who would blame doctors for wondering? “[Global warming] is arguably … the most significant challenge that humans have ever faced.” — Biden climate czar John Kerry, Mar. 2 We say: Really? Climate change is worse than the Black Plague, cancer, the Spanish flu and COVID? Worse than World War I, which left 40 million dead? World War II, which killed 80 million? Or the Great Depression, which impoverished much of the world? Worse even than the near half-century-long Cold War and the threat of nuclear annihilation? Please. Even the UN climate reports show that to be patently false. Yes, White House climate czar John Kerry has made similar claims before, but all his wolf-crying makes one thing absolutely clear: The world’s real greatest challenge is … tolerating Kerry’s insanity. — Compiled by The Post Editorial Board