The Kyrie Irving-Luka Doncic era has not been an instant success. Dallas is 3-5 overall since the Irving trade — and has lost four of its past five contests, with the Mavericks’ lone win in that stretch coming against the 15-47 San Antonio Spurs. The latest defeat came on Tuesday night in Dallas when Irving missed a step-back go-ahead 3-pointer on the game’s final possession in a 124-122 loss to the Pacers. “I just appreciate the coaching staff and my teammates trusting me with that shot and just the comfort they gave me afterwards,” Irving said after the game. Irving admitted that there is pressure to put it all together in Dallas after a midseason trade pushed the Mavericks among the favorites to win the NBA Championship. “Really want to win here, really put a lot of pressure on myself at times,” Irving said. “I think I need to scale it back a little bit, just because the second half of the season, just feeling like we’ve got to be great every single possession, and usually these learning curves or learning moments happen in preseason, and it’s happening now. “So it definitely puts a glaring eye on what we’re doing right and what we’re doing wrong. Easy to criticize, but for us, I’ve just got to focus on being the best that I can be and showing up for not only Luka, but for my teammates.” The Mavericks don’t have much time to figure things out — and it is not a simple solution. These two players love having the ball in their hands. Doncic leads the league in isolation possessions per game (7.3), while Irving is ninth in the league (4.8). Dallas was never an elite defensive team, but since the trade, they are allowing teams to shoot 52.3 percent, the worst number in the NBA. Those defensive numbers are substantially worse than the 48.4 percent prior to the All-Star break, which was still bottom five in the NBA. The Mavericks have pivotal games against the 76ers and Suns coming up this week. Dallas, with a 32-31 record, sits in seventh place in the Western Conference and right in the middle of a tightly-bunched pack of playoff contenders. The Mavericks are 1 1/2 games behind the Suns, who are the No. 4 seed, but only two games ahead of the 13th-placed Thunder. 