Sports betting has been live in Massachusetts since Friday and in-state residents can take advantage of a sweet new customer offer from Caesars Sportsbook. New bettors can use the Caesars Massachusetts promo code NPBONUS1BET to get a first bet up to $1,500, and if it loses, the amount wagered is returned back in bet credits. For those not in the Bay State, you can use promo code NPBONUSFULL to claim Caesars’ standard offer. This offer is very similar to the Massachusetts offer, except it’s a first bet of $1,250 that gets refunded as bet credits if it loses. March Madness heats up this week and it’s a great time to make some futures with the Caesars Massachusetts promo code NPBONUS1BET. Both offers work for any sport on Caesars Sportsbook and you can follow the links below for more information. The Caesars Massachusetts promo code NPBONUS1BET allows new customers to get up to $1,500 in bet credits. All you need to do is make an initial wager of at least $10, and there’s no reason to worry about losing money because the amount wagered on losing bets gets returned back in bet credits. Promo code NPBONUSFULL works the exact same way, except up to $1,250. If you win, you receive your winnings just like normal. The promo code NPBONUSFULL also allows users to get 1,000 Tier credits and 1,000 Reward credits just for signing up. Selection Sunday is literally today and in a few hours we’ll know which teams made the NCAA Tournament and where they will be playing. The No. 1 Houston Cougars are not only the top team in the AP Top 25 poll, but also the team with the best odds to win it all on Caesars Sportsbook. Houston leads the field at +600 to win the championship. The UCLA Bruins come in second at +800, even though UCLA forward Jaylen Clark will miss the rest of the season with an Achilles injury. From there, the Kansas Jayhawks, Alabama Crimson Tide, and Arizona Wildcats are all tied for the third-best odds at +1000. There’s a three-way tie for the sixth-best odds to cut down the nets, with the Purdue Boilermakers, UConn Huskies, and Gonzaga Bulldogs each coming in at +1500. The Baylor Bears are +1800 to win the NCAA Tournament again, and after them everyone else is +2000 or higher. It is always difficult to pick which team wins March Madness, but if you want to give it a shot, you can use the Caesars Massachusetts promo code NPBONUS1BET for a great deal. If you or a loved one is experiencing problems with gambling, please call 1-800-327-5050 or visit gamblinghelplinema.org for 24/7 support. LiveChat with a GameSense Advisor at GameSenseMA.com or call 1-800-GAM-1234