Simone Biles is counting down the days until she’s officially “Mrs. Owens.” On Wednesday, the Olympic gymnast posted a photo on Instagram from her recent bachelorette trip to Belize, where she paired her white bikini top with jeans dedicated to her fiancé, Texans safety Jonathan Owens. “Soon to be mrs. owens,” the 25-year-old Biles captioned the scenic shot at the beach, to which Owens replied, “Counting down the days.” Biles, a four-time Olympic gold medalist, has been sharing photos this past week from her lavish bachelorette party, where she stayed at the Alaia Belize resort with her nearest and dearest. In one photo posted on her page, Biles — who announced her engagement to Owens, 27, last year — is seen posing next to bridal-inspired goodies, including a “Future Mrs. Owens” sash. Owens also gifted his future wife a white Chanel bag for the festivities, the Olympian revealed in a previous Instagram Story. “The sweetest surprise from my future husband,” Biles gushed of Owens and his thoughtful gesture. Biles and Owens revealed in February 2022 that the NFL pro had popped the question. “THE EASIEST YES,” Biles exclaimed on Instagram. “I can’t wait to spend forever & ever with you, you’re everything I dreamed of and more! let’s get married FIANCÉ.” Owens presented Biles with an oval-cut diamond ring that included a “special touch.” “He and I started the process together a few months ago to select the perfect diamond for Simone that was handpicked by Jonathan,” jeweler Zo Frost previously told Page Six Style. “He wanted to add a special touch to the ring by adding a halo around the oval diamond.” Biles shared in a previous interview with the “Today” show that she and Owens connected on social media during the early days of the COVID-19 pandemic in 2020. “We clicked really really well in the beginning because we’re athletes and we have the same busy schedules. But other than that, since it was kind of a COVID relationship, we’re with each other 24/7, so I feel like now when we’re not with each other it’s almost weird,” Biles said in February 2022. Owens has played for the Texans since 2019 and will soon be a free agent.