WASHINGTON — President Biden had a cancerous skin lesion removed from his chest during his annual physical last month, the White House revealed Friday — the latest health issue to befall the commander-in-chief as he readies a likely re-election campaign. The administration released the announcement by White House physician Dr. Kevin O’Connor moments before Biden left Washington for a weekend at his Delaware home. The president did not comment to reporters as he left the White House Friday afternoon. “[T]he President had a skin lesion removed from his chest as part of his comprehensive health assessment,” wrote O’Connor, who gave Biden a clean bill of health in a five-page written report following the Feb. 16 exam — but was not made available for questions from the press. “The tissue was sent for traditional biopsy. As expected, the biopsy confirmed that the small lesion was basal cell carcinoma,” O’Connor added. “All cancerous tissue was successfully removed … No further treatment is required.” “Basal cell carcinoma lesions do not tend to ‘spread’ or metastasize, as some more serious skin cancers such as melanoma or squamous cell carcinoma are known to do,” the doctor went on. “They do, however, have the potential to increase in size.” “The site of the biopsy has healed nicely and the President will continue dermatologic surveillance as part of his ongoing comprehensive healthcare.” In his initial report, O’Connor noted that Biden “did spend a good deal of time in the sun in his youth” and had “several localized, non-melanoma skin cancers” removed before becoming president. At Biden’s previous physical, which took place in November 2021, the president underwent a colonoscopy requiring anesthesia — forcing him to hand off executive power to Vice President Kamala Harris for 85 minutes. O’Connor noted in a follow-up report that a benign, slow-growing but potentially precancerous lesion had been excised from Biden’s colon during that procedure. In January, first lady Jill Biden also had cancerous lesions removed from her face and chest in an outpatient procedure at Walter Reed. Biden, the oldest-ever president, is expected to formally launch his bid for a second term later this year — even as polls show a majority of Democrats want someone else to be the party’s standard-bearer in 2024. “My intention is — from– has — intention has been from the beginning to run,” Biden told ABC News last week. “But there’s too many other things we have to finish in the near term before I start a campaign.” In the same interview, the president acknowledged it was “legitimate for people to raise issues about my age. It’s totally legitimate to do that. And the only thing I can say is, ‘watch me.'” In private, however, Biden has reportedly bristled at discussion of his octogenarian status, telling an acquaintance, “You think I don’t know how f—ing old I am?” at one point last year, according to Politico.