With Britain’s Prince Empty and his me-me-Meghan yenta, we’ve nearly forgotten another commoner who nailed an HRH — that non royal treasure Prince Andrew. Sarah Ferguson. Fergie. Duchess of York. At the 92nd Street Y Monday, she shilled her new novel, “A Most Intriguing Lady,” about love, sex, a duke’s daughter blah blah. Prince Andrew’s Fergie: “I once met the newspaper editor who coined me Duchess of Pork. Those headlines caused such grief in my life, so much pain. And all coined by a person who was no better than anybody else.” She also took a photo while some guy sucked her toes — not often done around Buckingham — and she worked for WeightWatchers. About her body image today, this fun-loving ex Duchess of York responded: “It’s a daily struggle. “But now’s different from my time with the royal family in that Brits have started to feel things, label feelings, get in touch with their emotions, experiences. We’ve learned a great deal from Americans in the past decades.” About her background: “I love my Irish heritage. It’s a major inspiration in my writing. I’m descended from Powerscourt through my own mom. “Once considered an equestrian show jumper I went to Cork and won a soda bread for my show jumping. It was the best prize I’ve ever gotten. “My mother told me don’t wear bright colors because of your red hair. I listened to that a long time. But I’m now 63 and a grandmother. So here in New York I just wore all pink and my girls [Beatrice and Eugenie] texted me saying ‘Mom’s still got it!’ “Admittedly I’ve had some fashion blunders. I should never have listened to Yves Saint-Laurent who told me to go out in a duvet cover.” Then: “The queen was more a mother to me than my own mother.” Yesterday, Women’s Day — radio station WABC (I’m on Sundays 1 to 2 p.m.) made me Grand Marshal. So, now, I’ll open my memory. My teens. Three were not gentlemen. Doctor, agent, photographer. None warranted criminal investigation nor did I know of such possibility — but I’ve never forgotten. Many of us of a certain age paid the price. Back then California types met buses in from Wyoming, Utah, whoknowswheresville. They looked to score physically with starlets looking to score professionally. Like maybe these guys thought Lana Turner was as great an actress as Maria Ouspenskaya? Gratefully the situation is being addressed. But maybe it’s gone a bit far. Female clothing? No bras, no drawers, sequins up your back crack? A middle-aged attorney in an elevator. One other occupant. Young female. Door opened. He allowed her to precede him. She berated him. Screamed: “You’re stupid. We are equals! How dare you limit me!” Stunned he now says he doesn’t know how to comport himself. Everyone today has problems — females, Chinese, Jews, blacks, Catholics — only Biden and his son have no problems. We are all grateful for Women’s Day. Do housework for a few bucks a week — that’s domestic service. Do it for nothing — that’s matrimony. Bitched only in New York, kids, only in New York.