Joe Rogan slammed President Biden as mentally “gone” and gave a scathing review of his administration ahead of the Democrat’s expected re-election bid in 2024. The podcast host explained why he won’t vote for Biden — who will be a few weeks shy of turning 82 when voters go to the polls in 2024 — during a conversation with comedian Russell Brand on last Thursday’s edition of “The Joe Rogan Experience.” “I would vote for [former President Donald] Trump before I’d vote for Biden. Just ‘cause I think with Biden, like he’s gone,” Rogan said. “Like, you know, he’s gone. You’re gonna be relying on his cabinet. And I knew his cabinet would be this f–king sideshow of diversity — which is exactly what it is.” Rogan continued with his rant by referencing Sam Brinton, a former Biden Department of Energy official who faces multiple felony charges for allegedly stealing luggage from other passengers at airports on multiple occasions. Brinton, who identifies as nonbinary, was a top nuclear waste official at the Department of Energy until December, when the agency confirmed Brinton had been fired. “That one person who stole all the women’s clothes. That Sam Brinton — that’s a diversity hire,” Rogan said. “You just said, ‘Oh, look at this. A man who dresses like a woman and has a beard and a mustache, but also wears lipstick. This is perfect for us. I don’t give a f–k what this guy’s good at or bad at. I don’t give a f–k what their credentials are. This makes us look like we’re inclusive. This makes us look like we’re on the right side, so let’s hire this person,’” Rogan continued. “You can’t have those kind of people running a Ben & Jerry’s. You certainly can’t have those kind of people running the f–king most powerful government the world’s ever known. It’s nuts. It’s nonsense,” he added. Brand chimed in to agree with Rogan, asserting that Biden was the “perfect president for the time.” “’Cause he’s like the perfect metaphor of what it is,” Brand said. “This system is over. And for all of the talk of diversity, what have you got? You’ve got a career politician, white male that’s falling apart before your very eyes.” Mediaite earlier reported on the exchange. Rogan has already expressed support for Florida Gov. Ron DeSantis as his preferred presidential candidate in 2024. The podcast host has been sharply critical of both Biden and Trump. “Yeah, I think Ron DeSantis would work as a good president,” Rogan said last June. “I mean, what he’s done for Florida has been admirable.”