Carpet diem! A UK woman posted a viral video of herself hand-painting her light-colored carpet black — with the internet taking sides on if this renovation innovation should be blacklisted. The clip, which has drawn 2.5 million views in less than a week, shows the TikTok user, who goes by LoopyLinzi, pouring the dark-hued paint into a plastic tub and dipping a medium-sized brush in. She proceeds to cover the once-beige hallway, claiming the process only took one hour and less than $25. In the caption, she tagged the paint brand @TheScratchDoctor, which sells dye for couches, clothes and shoes, but makes no mention of carpets in the listing on its website. The Post reached out the UK company for comment. “Not bad,” the TikToker wrote on the video when revealing the final result, which appeared more of a deep-grey hue than true black. However, not everyone shared the same glee upon seeing the finished project. The 39-second clip garnered over 70,000 likes and reportedly more than 3,000 comments, but the creator has since turned commenting off. The “budget” move appeared to rub some users the wrong way, per Insider. “I might wallpaper my sofa now. Cheers,” a cheeky commenter wrote in one of the colorful responses, according to the outlet. “I’m off to carpet my bathtub,” another quipped. “You going for that ‘smoke damaged’ effect?” one clever user puffed. “So the comments are funny but all jokes aside not bad looking result,” one person declared. It appears that LoopyLinzi enjoys home remodels — her latest clip shows a bedroom makeover that brought drab living quarters to life with string lights and fresh paint. This TikToker isn’t the only crafty user on the app — others have shared their controversial DIY remodeling hacks on the platform. Last month, a clever creator went viral for testing out a tater trick she discovered online: Painting with a potato. Using paint and a raw spud she carved to make a DIY stamp, she colored a funky accent pattern onto her living room wall. While the savvy painter told The Post she was “obsessed with how it turned out,” some commenters didn’t find it appealing. “Ohhh we did that in Kindergarten,” one salty user snarked. “Nice. Do People now tape Macaroni on their walls too?” “Wait… am I back in pre-school right now?!” someone else yammered.