The “wheels” almost came off this game show. Pat Sajak, 76, became visibly annoyed during Tuesday night’s episode of “Wheel of Fortune” after a contestant nearly forgot the show’s rules. Mary Ann Hotaling, a school administrator from Alabama, was seen spinning the show’s wheel before it landed on the sparkling $1 million wedge. The move caused the contestant to become so excited that she almost reached out to touch it without calling a letter. “No, no, no, ba-ba-bo-bop!” Sajak exclaimed in his latest snafu, as he let out a tiny chuckle. “Now here’s what you do, you see, you call a letter.” The official “Wheel of Fortune” Twitter account even poked fun at the moment, posting the clip with the caption: “No one: [Silence]. Pat Sajak: DON’T TOUCH THAT!!!” The Post has reached out to Sajak’s rep for comment. The moment was also shared on the show’s Instagram account, where some fans took to the comments section to poke fun at the longtime host. “I think Pat meant “Bee-Boo-Boo-Bop-Boo-Boo-Bop,” one person joked. Another viewer similarly mocked his non-sensical response, writing: “NO-NO-NO-NO-BA-BA-BO-BOP.” “Pat invented a new language,” a third quipped. Meanwhile, one user defended Hotaling and her excitement, stating: “It’s okay to get a lot excited when your wheel hits the Million Dollar Wedge!!” Tuesday night wasn’t the first time that Sajak has had an awkward moment with a contestant. During an episode last October, a player named Ashwin lost what some viewers labeled as “one of the easiest final puzzles ever” when he failed to guess the words “financial expert.” “Well you disappointed your financial expert,” Sajak snidely said. Meanwhile, last March Sajak also came under fire for criticizing a story that contestant Scott Ingwerson told during his introduction interview. After the Chicago native explained how he got the top of his toe chopped off, Sajak said on-camera: “That may have been the most pointless story ever told. And you told it, Scott. Congratulations to you.” Sajak has hosted the popular game show since 1981, along with co-host Vanna White. However, he admitted in a September interview with “Entertainment Tonight” that the end of the show could be nearing. “Years go by fast,” he said at the time. “We’re getting near the end. It’s been a long [time]. We’re not gonna do this for another 40 years. The end is near.”