Dallas police are looking for a man who was caught on heartbreaking surveillance footage dumping a helpless dog on the side of a road. Video from Dowdy Ferry Road in Southern Dallas — which is notorious for trash and animal dumping —showed a white Chevrolet SUV pull over around 6:45 p.m. Wednesday evening, according to WFAA. A man gets out and opens the back tailgate and lets a German Shepherd out, footage obtained by the outlet shows. The man then jumps back into the car and begins to speed away, with the confused pup chasing after him — narrowly missing being hit by another vehicle traveling in the opposite direction. “That was an intentional dump and he did not want to be caught. And he did not want that dog and he made that clear,” Jeremy Boss, President of the Dowdy Ferry Animal Commission told WFAA. Boss’ nonprofit has installed hidden cameras along the area in the hopes of curbing animal and trash dumping. “It makes me sick to my stomach when I see people that will take the time to take their dog, drive out here, and throw it out like trash like Dowdy Ferry is known for,” Boss said. Neighbors who witnessed the man dump the dog took the pooch in until Dallas Animal Services arrived late Wednesday night. The dog had a minor injury on its leg, but was otherwise perfectly healthy, WFAA reported. Dallas Police confirmed they are searching for the man in the video. “A crime like this is one of those that’s so random that we need the public’s help when they see something like, in this case, something suspicious, or they see an act like this taking place,” Dallas Police Department spokesperson Brian Martinez told WFAA. Animal dumping is considered a Class A misdemeanor. “People that dump dogs, they have no conscience,” added Boss. “Either that or they have no brain. I don’t understand the logic in doing it.” According to WFAA, Boss’s cameras caught a similar,  unsolved incident in November, in which a man in an SUV also left a German Shepherd by the side of Dowdy Ferry Road. The dog was hit and killed by a car the same day. Two years ago, the cameras caught a man pulling two puppies that had been clubbed to death out of his car and leaving them behind on the same road. The footage led to the conviction of Sebastian Acosta, who was sentenced to six years in prison for animal cruelty.