Two late illusionists’ legendary Nevada compound is looking for a new owner. Despite once being fated for the wrecking ball, the former estate of the flamboyant German-American duo Siegfried & Roy is now up for sale. For more than three decades, this 100-acre Las Vegas property was Siegfried Fischbacher and Roy Horn’s citadel of magic. Following Horn’s 2020 death from COVID-19 complications, Fischbacher’s passing in 2021 following a fight with terminal pancreatic cancer — and an apparently dodged death knell for the complex rung by a 334-unit apartment development slated to rise in its place — the late magicians’ opulent fortress is looking for a new set of owners. Aaron Taylor of eXp Realty and the Real Estate Guy holds the listing, which asks $3 million. Nicknamed both Little Bavaria and the Jungle Palace, the decadent dwelling features a bell tower, a 10-car garage, miles of labyrinthine walkways and amenities for the duo’s myriad exotic pets (including horses, black swans, tigers, turkeys, cranes and a great variety of cats and dogs), and an Olympic-sized pool. In their time, the property also boasted an aquatic park, a private chapel and a celebrity-laced collection of relics — highlights of which include a clock once owned by Napoleon, ​​gifted gold candelabras from Liberace and a gem-encrusted sword said to once have been Genghis Khan’s. “We have houses on each side, one for Roy and one for me,” Fischbacher explained in an interview with Las Vegas Weekly of the best friends’ separate living arrangements. “They are like two arms, wrapped around, and we meet in the middle.” (The pair were famously coy about their status as counterculture symbols: ““Gay icons? For these people? Well, I am very honored,” Fischbacher told Vanity Fair in 1999. “In my life I have a lot of friends who are gay, and I made a lot of friends in show business, and I found out that they are always interesting, intelligent, and good people, and fun to be with.) The current listing additionally notes that it boasts six electric gates, water features throughout the property, custom stained glass, a bird sanctuary and animal enclosures galore. As well, the sale is a bundle of all four parcels on the property, including the 8,700-plus-square-foot main house, three separate guest houses, a casita, a cabana and three pools.