With great hotness comes great responsibility. A male model claims he’s “so good-looking” that his inbox is cluttered with women wanting to sleep with him — but he’d rather hang out with his dog. Marco Donatelli, 22, claims women are constantly “throwing themselves at him” but he just “doesn’t have the time to date.” “Some weeks I get inundated with messages from women wanting to have sex with me or go on dates,” said the model. In fact, Donatelli, who has his own clothing line, said that he really only wants to spend time with his goldendoodle, Giuseppe. The Ohio native likened himself to a young Leonardo DiCaprio and said that his mom is his biggest fan saying that he has “a face people want to look at.” “I know I’m really good-looking,” said Donatelli. “My best attribute would probably be my smile, as well as my combination of curly hair and blue eyes – it really works.” “And obviously my overwhelming frame; I’m 6ft 3 in and weigh 215lbs of mostly muscle,” continued the entrepreneur. According to Donatelli, he turned to modeling when a TikTok of his went viral and he started collaborating with other famous social media people. “One of my buddies got into modeling,” explained the hunk. “We got started together.” “He took pictures of me, I took pictures of him, we posted them, and we started building a massive following,” continued the model. The model boldly stated that he always knew that he was slated for great things. “I remember having a dream as a child where I just knew I’d change the world and make people smile, and telling my dad about it, who asked me what I ‘would do,'” recalled Donatelli. “I had no idea, I just knew it would happen.” The model continued by saying that he “always knew I’d be in the limelight in some way.” But what kind of girl does Donatelli like? “I’d like a family girl but she also has to be an organized woman,” said Donatelli. “She would have be studying, have a degree or a good job, that’s important.” “Looks-wise, I am attracted to brunettes rather than blondes,” continued the entrepreneur. “But they have to have a good family and support system, because I don’t have much of a family left myself.” In short, Donatelli wants a woman who will “bring something to the table.”