He can kiss their Kansas. Kansans are demanding that New York City Mayor Eric Adams apologize to the Midwestern state after he slighted their capital city while talking about his rise to power earlier this week. While speaking at a prayer breakfast on Tuesday, Adams said he believed that divine intervention played a role in his ascension to the mayor’s office in the largest and most important city in the country — and not some C-list town like Topeka, Kansas. “God said, ‘I’m going to take the most broken person, and I’m going to elevate him to the place of being the mayor of the most powerful city on the globe,’” Adams said at an annual event with faith-based leaders in Manhattan. “He could have made me the mayor of Topeka, Kansas. He could have made me the mayor of some small town or village somewhere.” The comments sparked immediate backlash from Jayhawkers, including Democratic Gov. Laura Kelly, who demanded that he apologize for insulting Kansas a second time. “I was in NYC visiting my granddaughter when you disparaged my hometown Topeka KS,” she tweeted. “It was this granddaughter who, with her parents, delivered Kansas kindness to you at Gracie Mansion when you disparaged my state last September. Enough already. You owe Kansas an apology.” In response to Adams’ dismissal of Topeka — which boasts a population of just over 125,000 people — the city’s tourism department offered an all-inclusive three-day, two-night trip in Topeka for four New Yorkers living in any of the five boroughs. The visit includes roundtrip airfare out of nearby Kansas City, hotel accommodations, tickets to local attractions and $500 in gift certificates to local restaurants and retail locations, according to Visit Topeka. Topeka Mayor Mike Padilla, who is also a Democrat, was equally upset. He said Adams’ comments “minimized the people of Kansas” and called his words “concerning and unprofessional.” “One of the best lessons I’ve learned in my tenure as mayor – is the value of humility,” Padilla told KSN. “I’ve personally visited New York City on numerous occasions, and have always spoken highly of New Yorkers – never stooping to assumptions or stereotypes. I’d invite the mayor of New York to get to know our beautiful city and its people before casting judgment on a community he seems to know little about.” A spokesperson for the mayor insisted that the mayor did not insult the Kansas capital. “The mayor never did and never meant to insult Topeka, Kansas,” Fabien Levy told The Post. “All he stated was that he was mayor of the greatest city in the world. That remains true, but Topeka is a great place that the mayor hopes to visit one day.” This is not Hizzoner’s first squabble with the Sunflower State. In September, Adams was put on blast by Midwesterners after he claimed that Kansas “doesn’t have a brand” while discussing his trips to Puerto Rico and the Dominican Republic. Adams boasted about the positive reaction he got when locals saw him wearing a government-issued polo shirt with the word “Mayor” on the back. “We have a brand. New York has a brand, and when people see it, it means something,” Adams said. “Kansas doesn’t have a brand,” he said at the time, cracking himself up. “When you go there, OK, you’re from Kansas. No. Ah, well, you know what? But New York has a brand. It has a brand and that brand means diversity. That brand means we care. That brand means that we are compassionate.”