“Jeopardy!” made another boo-boo on television with an editing mistake during Wednesday’s episode. At the beginning of the show, a shot of the contestants’ final scores showed up on the screen before the game even began. The scores appeared just after host Mayim Bialik was congratulating the players for making it on the long-running game show. Jackson Jones’ number was shown as $24,000, while Justin Bolsen’s tally was $13,570. Maya Wright’s score came out to be $3,370. The finalists were playing in the High School Reunion Tournament, with the second game set to be broadcast on Thursday evening. Trivia fans noticed the blunder, taking to Twitter to chat about the mistake. Someone wrote: “#Jeopardy #glitch–final scores shown when Mayim Bialik introduces contestants–even before the first question. Check the podiums at the outset. The score display areas should be blank, but there are numbers there. And those are the final scores! Major editing glitch.” “Anyone else notice a score #spoiler on @Jeopardy just now? Oops!” another chimed in. One person added: “Wow, given that this was taped months or weeks ago, you’d think they’d actually proof-view it first before putting on air.” “I thought it was Thursday already and that I missed something when I noticed that. But then I realized I didn’t sleep through the day and it was just an error,” a user penned. “An inexcusable production error,” a disappointed fan said. “I was wondering what was happening there. That’s a pretty significant screwup,” a person noted. On the March 1 episode, player Dan Oxman divulged that he had a crush on “The Big Bang Theory” star, 47. “I don’t really want to talk about what we’re going to talk about,” she joked as she introduced the college senior. “But apparently I was your celebrity crush growing up?” The New Jersey contestant replied: “This is a long time ago, Mayim, but you know, when I was a little kid, I saw you on TV and I really admired how you played, like, a super awesome scientist.” “Then I found out that you were a scientist and a doctor in real life,” Oxman gushed. Bialik played neurobiologist Amy Farrah Fowler in the CBS sitcom, and she also holds a doctorate in neuroscience in the real world. “You haven’t aged a day,” Oxman added, as Bialik then sweetly thanked him for his compliments.