Could “forever and always” help Kevin Durant tune out the noise? That’s what NBA analyst Ric Bucher suggested Thursday on FS1’s “Speak,” when he addressed the new Suns forward’s often contentious relationship with critics and how marriage can potentially offer a different perspective on engagement. “Kevin Durant needs to get married,” Bucher began on the program. “Kevin Durant needs a relationship that teaches him what you have to respond to and what you just let go. And that, for me, is what marriage taught me, what’s really important.” Bucher’s comments were in response to remarks made earlier this week by the 34-year-old Durant, who has faced criticism from NBA great Charles Barkley in regard to his career, which included two championships and a pair of NBA Finals MVP nods during his time with the Warriors. “Because at this point, they’re saying, go play with [NBA G-League player] Scoot Henderson and win a championship and then we’ll give you credit,” Durant said to Yahoo Sports. “I don’t need no credit from y’all, no credit from [Barkley], no credit from Shaq. Y’all don’t ever have to watch me play ever again, don’t talk about me if you don’t [rock] with me. “I’m not gonna stop doing what I do. Everybody has their opinions, man. It’s not gonna stop me and how I approach the game.” Bucher described how he’s learned to grapple with criticism over the years and how relationships have played a part in that. “I have learned how to only respond and take seriously criticism from those I respect and from those who know me, and that again, you get married or you have a significant other, and when they know you, and they talk to you about issues that may exist, I listen to that, I’ve learned to listen to that, and I’m able to differentiate that from all of the other noise that you might get,” Bucher said. “If you have any sort of notoriety, any sort of presence, everybody wants to tell you how to do your business.” Bucher then elaborated on his issue with Durant’s response to his critics. “The problem that I have with this with KD is, ‘I don’t need no credit from y’all.’ OK, so why are you even addressing it? Let Chuck say what he’s going to say, Let Shaq say… I’m me, I’m going to do me, and I’m going to chill,” Bucher said. Durant was previously involved with former WNBA player Monica Wright. He spoke to GQ in 2015 about the pair’s impromptu proposal, stating in part, “We was just hanging out, chilling. And I felt the energy. I felt, I need to do this right now. And I just did it. I was like… ‘We’re engaged right now? We’re about to get married?’ So I was just like, cool! I love this girl. But I didn’t love her the right way.” Durant, who was stunningly traded to the Suns last month from the Nets, made his debut for Phoenix on Wednesday, when he recorded 23 points and went 10 of 15 for shooting in a 105-91 win over the Hornets.