Staten Island schools Superintendent Marion Wilson has filed a harassment complaint with the NYPD, claiming she’s the victim of threats stemming from “false accusations” that she wrote anti-white texts. The NYPD’s hate crimes task force is probing  the black superintendent’s complaint, a police spokesperson told The Post. Officials would not specify the nature of the reported threats. Officials have also given Wilson police escorts, said a source close to Wilson. The NYPD would not comment. The District 31 boss came under scrutiny last summer and fall, when screenshots of texts she appeared to have written circulated among Department of Education officials. Comments in the texts included “No more white principals on my watch!” “I need to clean up this island,” another text reads. “White folks need to recognize this is not the boys club anymore. A strong black woman runs this bitch now, and they can either get on board or get out. If they don’t get out, I’m going to take them out one by one. They’re not gonna know what hit them. Gonna be fun.” On March 3, with news articles on the texts set to run, Wilson tweeted: “Serving as superintendent in Staten Island is the honor of my life, and I am excited for the moment when we can put these false accusations behind us, and move forward as a community towards brighter starts and bolder futures for our kids.” She also tweeted about her “great hiring decision” to name a new principal at PS 56 last year. That principal is white. The DOE press office has dismissed the offensive texts as “fake.”  A spokesman said Wilson denied writing them. The Special Commissioner of Investigation for city schools said it received a complaint about the texts, but did not investigate because it doesn’t handle racism claims. Instead, SCI referred the matter to the DOE. The DOE assigned its own Office of Equal Opportunity to look into the texts. But the OEO lacks subpoena power, sources said. Veteran DOE insiders believe the office will deem any alleged wrongdoing by Wilson as “unsubstantiated” and close the case without issuing a report explaining how it reached that conclusion.