First the “historical” 90s-inspired American Girl dolls and now “obsolete” DVDs? Millennials received yet another not-so-subtle reminder they’re getting older — this time on Tuesday’s episode of “Jeopardy!” Host Mayim Bialik, 47, asked contestant Audrey Satchivi, a senior studying psychology at Indiana University, if she had any quirks she could share with the audience. “Yeah, so I’m kind of an old soul,” Satchivi explained. “I’ve been collecting some things that are kind of obsolete now.” “I’ve been collecting records, CDs, and DVDs. I just got a new DVD, and I’m really excited about it, but I miss my childhood a little bit I guess,” she concluded. Glancing down at her cue card, Bialik laughed and uttered a transitional “alright,” skating right past Satchivi’s declaration. But Twitter users heard it loud and clear, quickly expressing their astonishment. “I just shriveled up into dust when Audrey said her collection of ‘obsolete things’ included ‘records, CDs, and DVDs,'” one person moaned. “Young People: ‘I’m an old soul — I collect DVDs.’ I’m over the hill, aren’t I?” another asked. “This young girl on Jeopardy saying she’s an ‘old soul’ who collects DVDs. I know I’m old but if they still have DVDs in the Redbox they can’t be THAT obsolete,” one more laughed. “This college contestant on Jeopardy yesterday said she likes collecting vintage things like DVDs and I think that’s the first time I heard someone say that,” someone else mused. “Just like how last March was the first time I heard someone use the term ‘middle-aged millennials,'” another deadpanned. Satchivi is a contestant in the High School Reunion Tournament, which features 27 former teen competitors. Satchivi first appeared on “Jeopardy!” during the 2018 Teen Tournament, where she won $10,000 as a semifinalist. She took home an additional $5,000 on Tuesday’s episode. In other “Jeopardy!” news, many viewers were not happy with the hosting schedule announced on Monday, as some want Ken Jennings to be the franchise’s sole host instead of splitting duties with Bialik.