A father of two has been called a “Garbage Dad’ for betraying his toddler daughter in a public TikTok. The unidentified dad’s clip was shared by a mom, who captioned her video: “No little girl should have a video where their father refers to them as a c–t as part of their digital footprint .” But don’t worry, he doesn’t call the child a c–t to her face; he just prints the word in big letters on a cap, which she innocently and joyfully receives as a gift from her dad. A woman using the account @mom.uncharted, who shares insidious child exploitation material that doesn’t ‘seem’ at first to be illegal, was horrified by the dad’s ‘prank.’ “I cannot believe a father would put this [on a cap]” she says, and calls him a “Garbage Dad.” The video cuts to the Aussie dad’s TikTok, where the man explains that his daughter felt left out because he and his son have matching caps with their names on them. So, he whips up one for his little girl. She receives it joyfully, innocently not realizing she’s the butt of her own dad’s joke (because she’s two, and obviously can’t read what he’s written). The mom says she can’t believe the dad has a son whom he’s teaching to not respect women. She also says that because she’s hidden the little girl’s face, we can’t see how thrilled she is to get a special gift from her dad, and it’s “heartbreaking.” “He’s turned her into the butt of an awful joke for likes and a hit of dopamine,” she adds. “She deserves better.” The mom later adds in the comments, “If you came here to call me a “Karen” for being upset a father publicly posted this – YOU ARE THE PROBLEM.” But most of her viewers agreed with her. “Don’t be your child’s first bully,” one wrote. “This actually makes me want to cry. I would leave my husband if he did that to our daughter,” claimed a second. And one made this point about the girl’s innocence: “She’s literally a toddler and just wanted to be included. He shouldn’t be a parent.” The father has apparently come out online to defend himself, saying it’s just the ‘Aussie way’ of affection and humor. But many viewers didn’t accept that, with one in particular writing, “Aussie mom here. And I can’t imagine calling my kids that. Ever. Joking or not. That poor little girl.” And another added: “Just an Australian here to say yeah we don’t call our KIDS that, even if it’s normalized for adults!” But this comment nails it all: “Chilli and Bandit would NEVER.” In a follow-up clip, @mum.uncharted notes that the dad would have known that ‘Aussie’ humor would not translate worldwide, and yet he chose to post his ‘prank’ on a worldwide platform.