Oral sex, butt plugs, masturbation as meditation, how to send sexy selfies and how to have anal sex. Welcome to what is inside books found in your child’s school library! We apologize for the graphic nature of these pictures. You don’t expect to see images like this in a newspaper or on your television and yet they are readily available to small children in their school’s library. The question is no longer whether there is pornographic materials within your kid’s reach at their school. It’s whether or not we do anything about it. In Florida, Gov. Ron DeSantis has decided to act. For his troubles, Democratic activists and politicians have labeled him a book burner. When DeSantis visited New York in February, Mayor Adams tweeted at him “Welcome to NYC, @GovRonDeSantis, a place where we don’t ban books…” Which of the books, specifically, does Mayor Adams believe need to be accessible to children. Is it the butt-plug one? Or the one with the graphic image of anal sex? Then there’s the “deny, deny, deny” faction of the left like American Federation of Teachers boss, Randi Weingarten, who called the idea of inappropriate books in school libraries a “hoax.” This isn’t happening at all! What’s that Gov. DeSantis even talking about. But DeSantis came to his press conference earlier this week armed with the facts . . . and images of the books found in school libraries. Florida news stations had to cut their feeds because the images were so graphic. Get that? Adults at home watching the news can’t be exposed to anything this graphic. But small children at school? That’s the target audience! How did we get here? In our new book, Stolen Youth, we lay out that libraries have become a staging ground for this kind of woke indoctrination aimed at our children. A 2019 American Libraries Association conference featured workshops like “Creating Queer-Inclusive Elementary School Library Programming” and “Are You Going to Tell My Parents?: The Minor’s Right to Privacy in the Library.” So when we come across this programming in our child’s school library, this is the origin. The left has made indoctrinating children their top priority and sexualizing them early and causing them gender confusion takes precedence. It’s happening at a school near you, and it shouldn’t just be Florida’s governor taking action. Parents need to fight this and any politician who can’t stand up for children, and say this is wrong, needs to get out of the way.