The Issue: The Biden administration’s ongoing response to the train derailment in East Palestine, Ohio. So President Biden refuses to go Ohio, but vows to give $500 million to Ukraine (“ ‘It’s like we don’t exist,’ ” Feb. 26). That incompetent idiot, Transportation Secretary Pete Buttigieg, goes to Ohio three weeks after this disaster and has no idea why he’s there or what he’s looking at. This disaster was not the fault of the people in Ohio, and the president has an obligation to the American people to help and protect them. This is just another failure by this absurd administration and its weak leadership. This is surely a slap in the face of the American people. The next two years can’t go fast enough. Shame on you, President Biden. Gene O’Brien Whitestone We can sum up Biden’s reaction to the train wreck in East Palestine in three words: He doesn’t care. He hasn’t the slightest notion of going there to see for himself that Americans are in dire straits. Yes, it’s a poor community that isn’t a liberal powerhouse that will assist his possible re-election. That is not reason enough to bypass these people and run to Ukraine. And that other fool Buttigieg only showed his Howdy-Doody face after former President Donald Trump showed his concern. Ron Zajicek Cortlandt The Post article on the East Palestine residents and “Delusional Joe takes victory lapse” by Michael Goodwin (Feb. 26) confirm the incompetence of this current administration, led by Biden. Biden made a conscious decision to ignore East Palestine for whatever reasons, including delaying the federal assistance that this disaster deserved. And not to worry: The EPA and its officials said the water was safe to drink and the air safe to breathe. All these platitudes in spite of the residents complaining of vile odors in the air, chest pains, rashes, etc. Now independent environmental companies are expressing concern over long-term health effects. What a surprise. Biden has yet to really address this disaster — he had more important work to do. Alice Daly Mahopac I watched a newscast where the message was that East Palestine may never recover. But Biden sends billions to help Ukraine. What’s the saying? Charity begins at home. Marty Perry Massapequa The Issue: The Supreme Court’s consideration of President Biden’s student loan forgiveness program. As the Supreme Court takes up President Biden’s student-loan forgiveness plan and American Federation of Teachers president Randi Weingarten gives her best Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez imitation on the court’s steps, I ask: Why should taxpayers pay for student loans (“Bucking the Loan Ranger,” March 1)? Here’s a novel approach: Why don’t Biden, screaming Randi and her cartel start pushing universities to spend a portion of their millions of dollars in endowments and offer each indebted student one academic year free? Joe Alloy, Wayne, NJ I will bet my MAGA hat that this Supreme Court will tell Biden that this student-loan forgiveness idea is ridiculous. So why did Biden even waste his time conjuring up this nonsense? Well, the answer is easy. Biden made this promise before an important election, and that meant a lot of people who were promised they could walk away from all or some of their loans voted for Democrats. This promise was laughable to me. It just seemed like low-down, typical politics. Look for more of the same. David F. Lipton Toms River, NJ Want to weigh in on today’s stories? Send your thoughts (along with your full name and city of residence) to letters@nypost.com. Letters are subject to editing for clarity, length, accuracy and style.