Packers quarterback Aaron Rodgers has provided few concrete answers on his football future, but one NFL insider believes “more and more signs” are pointing toward a Green Bay ouster. During an appearance Friday on “SportsCenter,” ESPN’s Adam Schefter elaborated on Rodgers’ possible next steps, which could potentially be retirement or with a new team in green: the Jets. “My sense is there continues to be more and more signs about him leaving Green Bay,” Schefter said, according to WFAN. “And I think in the end, my sense is ultimately it will come down to whether he wants to play elsewhere, which would be really the New York Jets, or whether he wants to retire. To me, those are the two most logical options and the two most likely scenarios here. But again, we have not heard from Aaron Rodgers himself.” Since emerging from his four-day darkness retreat, Rodgers has not relayed his future plans to Packers brass, as general manager Brian Gutekunst said at last week’s NFL Scouting Combine in Indianapolis. “Obviously, free agency is coming up here [March 15], and that’s an important part of what we’re doing, so it would be nice to have some answers before that,” Gutekunst said Tuesday. Rodgers did speak about the future, however, during a recent appearance on the “Aubrey Marcus Podcast,” where he detailed his isolation retreat and how he envisioned what life could look like if he retired. “My life and my happiness is directly connected to how I feel about football and it gave me such a deep calm about how I feel about the decision,” Rodgers said on the show. “I finished those two days with deep love and admiration and blessings in a retired life of fulfilling all the needs that I have and spending time with the people that I love.” Since closing out the regular season at a disappointing 8-9, speculation has mounted over the idea that Rodgers could potentially call it a career or finish out the remainder of his playing days outside of Green Bay. The quarterback has been heavily linked to the Jets, with the organization even engaging in preliminary discussions with the Packers, should Rodgers become available via trade. The Jets have reportedly cast a wide net in their search for a veteran signal-caller following second-year quarterback Zach Wilson’s continued struggles. Derek Carr remained in the mix for the Jets until the former Raiders quarterback agreed to a deal with the Saints Monday morning. The Jets will likely want the Packers to eat some of the $59 million Rodgers is guaranteed next season. Should Rodgers and Green Bay decide to part ways, whether through retirement or trade, the Packers believe they’re in solid hands with third-year quarterback Jordan Love, whom the team has openly praised. “We have heard the Packers talk about Jordan Love and how much belief they have in him and how much progress he’s made. And I think he’s their quarterback of the future here, clearly,” Schefter said. “And they continue to wait for the decision from Aaron Rodgers, who knows that at some point in time, he’s said the Packers have had conversations about him with other teams. And that’s why I believe that it’s going to either be the New York Jets or retirement in the end. And we’ll see how this shakes out, but there’s nothing yet from Aaron Rodgers. It has to come soon.”