The New York Post breaks down the latest Chicago Bears promo codes and betting offers for betting the franchise during the 2023 NFL season. All the offers listed on this page can be used for all the Bears games, meaning you are able to claim at any time throughout the season. However, many sportsbooks will offer specific promotions on the Chicago Bears, for their biggest games during the campaign. At this time, there are no specific Chicago Bears promotions or offers available, so be sure to check back here ahead of the upcoming Bears games. Caesars Sportsbook is offering a fantastic promotion to kick off the NFL season in style for new customers. You are able to bet $1,500 risk-free on the Bears, by signing up to Caesars Sportsbook using the promo code NPBONUS15. A fantastic no-risk first sports bet on the Bears, up to $1,000 is available to new customers. By using the BetMGM bonus code NPBONUS50, new customers can take advantage of this amazing offer and bet on the NFL. This means that if your wager wins, you keep all of the winnings, but even if it loses, you will get your entire stack back as free bets. BetMGM’s sign-up offer is one of the most competitive out there, providing new customers with a great welcome to life with BetMGM. The FanDuel new customer promo code allows new customers to claim a juicy sum of $150 in free bets. Simply place any $5 sports wager at odds of -200 or more, and regardless of the outcome, you’ll receive $150 in free bets. This ultimately means you can wager on the Bears, without having to worry about the outcome, and receive $150 in free bets. FanDuel sportsbook’s new customer offer is one of the easiest to claim, and that’s why it is one of our favorites. Sports betting has been legal in Illinois at retail sportsbooks since March 2020, with the first online sports betting apps and websites coming in June 2020. This followed Governor J.B. Pritzker signing legislation in June 2019 that finally brought legal sports betting to the Prairie State. The in-person requirement to sign-up at a sportsbook was dropped on March 5, 2022, allowing players to register online or on mobile. Bettors in Illinois have been able to wager on the Bears for some time now, although it will not have been the most profitable experience. Wisconsin is in the very early stages of rolling out legal sports betting. Currently, there is only retail sports betting available at a limited number of the Badger State’s tribal casinos. The first legal sportsbook to open was at the Oneida Casino in Green Bay in November 2021. Since then, the St Croix Chippewa Indians of Wisconsin and Forest County Potawatomi Community have also struck deals with the Wisconsin government to open sportsbooks in 2022. However, there is still little progress in bringing legal online sports betting to Wisconsin. No bills which would legalize online sportsbooks have been submitted since states were given the right to decide their own betting laws in 2018, so it will be sometime before bettors in Wisconsin can wager on the Bears. Indiana joined the growing list of legal sports betting states in September 2019. It only took four months for the Hoosier State to go from legalization to the launch of its first retail sportsbooks. Legal online and mobile betting began just a month later. These rapid developments reflected the keen appetite for sports betting in the Midwestern state and Indiana hasn’t looked back since. Sports betting is thriving with 11 retail sportsbooks currently taking wagers, complemented by almost as many active sportsbook apps.  The city of Chicago stretches into the Hoosier state, so for any Bears fans in IN, it’s good news for you. The newest way to wager on the Bears is through sports betting apps. These apps bring the action right to your fingertips, allowing you to place your bets on the go, from wherever you are. Whether you’re at the game, watching in a bar, or sitting at home, you are able to wager on the Bears on some fantastic mobile betting apps. Signing up for a new sportsbook account using a promo code can be a little confusing, especially as some sportsbooks do not require a bonus code when signing up. The Chicago Bears wrapped another disappointing season in 2021 that resulted in the firings of general manager Ryan Pace and head coach Matt Nagy. Ahead of the new season, there’s fresh optimism as Justin Fields enters his second year under center. Check out our expert’s preview for the upcoming Chicago Bears season, featuring some futures picks and best bets. Chicago Bears ML: 3-14 Chicago Bears ATS: 5-12 Chicago Bears Over/Under record: 10-7 In 2021, the Bears partnered with BetRivers in an exclusive, multi-year partnership. The agreement is the Bears’ first multi-year exclusive deal in the Sportsbook and Casino categories and makes BetRivers the Bears’ Official Sportsbook Partner and Rivers Casino the Bears’ Official Casino Partner.