There’s no worse feeling than heading on a walk or working out (perhaps on a rowing machine or treadmill), when you go to reach for a side pocket and realize — there’s, in fact, no pocket to reach for. Alas, New York Post Shopping is here to share our ultimate picks for your next athleisure essential: leggings with pockets. With options ranging from Amazon and lululemon to Lorna Jane and vuori, rest assured that your leggings stockpile will be peppered for your next nature hike or pilates circuit (not to mention, your workout drawer will likely be stuffed, because you’ll want to purchase all of these options). Our picks range from the classic all-black to vibrant and pastel hues alike, so there’s an option for everyone. What’s more, they each pair well with a quality sports bra or pair of crisp white sneakers. Dubbed a No. 1 Amazon best-seller, the Ewedoos Leggings with Pockets are backed by more than 34,000 rave reviews and boast a high-waist design that we all know and love. The brand offers these comfortable and flattering bottoms in an array of colors, too. With its 75% polyester and 25% off spandex design, they’re well-made to suit a variety of body sizes, from petite to plus. You’ll also love how they feature two pockets — one on each side. Why grab one pair of leggings with pockets when you can snag four? Just shy of $50, the YOUNGCHARM Leggings with Pockets (with nearly 15,000 cheerful reviews) come in a myriad of color varietals that are all clad in the same 75% polyester, 25% spandex material that fits comfortably. If you’re concerned about your tummy area — don’t fret. These leggings are crafted from the brand’s tummy-control wide waistband to feel secure and seamless the entire day. Out of all of the Amazon leggings we’ve been researching, the High-Waist Leggings with Pockets is one of the more affordable options to some designer-fledging names we’re obsessed with. For no more than $30, this impressive pair (featuring more than 51,000 reviews, to be exact), comes in a rainbow of colors and was consciously made with tummy-control in mind. Plus, you’ll appreciate how each pair of leggings is ultra-thick but ultra-breathable at the same time. Its moisture-wicking, skin-friendly material is a nice touch, too. What’s a “best leggings” guide without a pick from lululemon, are we right? The brand’s signature Align High-Rise Pant with Pockets is a splurge worth making, namely for its generous size range, array of sought-after hues and quality design that was made with yoga and low-impact workouts in mind. These leggings feel “buttery soft and weightless,” per the brand, and has a slightly cropped design at the bottoms, should a shorter length be desired. Not to mention, they’re one of our personal favorites. If you’ve been sleeping on Lorna Jane, it’s time to wake up. The brand’s Amy Phone Pocket Ankle Biter Tech Leggings are less than $75 right now and come in XXS to XXL. They feature two phone pockets and Lorna Jane’s patented Active Core Stability technology for that smooth and supportive fit we crave. Not to mention, they pair exceptionally well with the brand’s Amy Sports Bra ($80) and Amy Active Tank ($60). Meet one of our sworn-in favorite brands for leggings (and all activewear, for that matter): Girlfriend Collective. If you’re seeking the softest and most breathable leggings on the market, we’re convinced they’re housed within this direct-to-consumer brand. Its Compressive Pocket Leggings are one of Oprah’s Favorite Things (in other words, if Oprah loves it, we do, too) and are deemed “squat-proof” by the brand, so they’ll move with you. Featuring a snug yet comfortable design and side pockets, they’re a winner in our books. Another oh-so-soft brand we wear on repeat is Knix — specifically, its Modal Pocket Legging. They’re fairly priced at $50 and are one of the most lightweight ones you’ll find, thanks to its luxuriously soft Modal Spandex material. These leggings have a 28″ inseam and an internal elastic at the back, so rest assured that they’ll fit great regardless of what size you order. That said, they receive our stamp of approval. When in doubt, grab a pair of leggings with pockets from Aerie. The brand’s OFFLINE brand — specifically, The Hugger High-Waisted Pocket Legging — is less than $50 right now, is one of our most-worn styles (if we’re not on the exercise grind, we’ll wear them practically every day) and are sustainably made. What’s more, they pair well with The Hugger Longline Racerback Sports Bra ($21), another one of our recommended favorites. Victoria’s Secret may have risen in popularity in the 90s, but the brand is really stepping up its game recently. Specifically, the Essential Pocket Leggings span anywhere from $19 to $35 right now (a score!) and are extremely well-made. Plus, the color variety is extensive. These performance-grade leggings come with a four-way stretch, ensuring they’ll be comfortable when you’re on the move. Even better, its moisture-wicking fabric will keep you cool and dry, it’s double side pockets are just what we want and its power mesh waistband is ultra-flattering. Be conscious about your purchase with Care FP, Free People’s sustainable collection. For less than $100, the brand’s What A Feeling Pocket Leggings are just as good for the studio as they are for running errands. They’re backed with a high-rise design and convenient front pockets, too. Impressively, 10% of Free People activewear purchases benefit the brand’s nonprofit partner, Girls Inc. Yes, Outdoor Voices is known for far more than its top-rated Exercise Dress ($100), and we’ve obsessed with its SuperForm 7/8 Legging. Its sleek two-tone design is perfect for a stroll at the park or a chill day at home. We love its flattering, slightly cropped-edge detailing as well. It’s the brand’s “highest impact legging yet,” made with a sweat-resistant, moisture-wicking fabric and two phone pockets. Its waistband comes with an internal drawstring to custom-fit how you like. Sign us up for leggings with a crossover-band detail. Halara’s Everyday Colorful Crossover Pocket Plain Leggings come in a suite of to-die-for colors that we’re simply swooning over. Oh, and you can’t beat the less-than-$25 price tag. Meant for yoga pilates and casual activities, these leggings come fully charged with the brand’s patented Cloudful fabric, designed to feel as soft and light as a cloud. What’s more, its two side pockets and breathable material make them stellar for indoor and outdoor wear alike. For less than $10, you can’t beat the Geo Mesh Insert Tummy Control Sports Leggings. With subtly sexy side detailing, you’d be surprised how well-made this budget pair is (trust us, we’ve tried a handful of items from the brand) and this one’s worth the buy — especially if you don’t want to spend much of your hard-earned coin. Its high-rise waist keeps tummy-control in mind, while its mesh panels offer more breathability than some other pairs on this list. Not to mention, they’ll match with the bra or tank of your choice. Another budget pair we’re convinced are worth the grab include the A New Day High-Waisted Stash Pocket Leggings from Target. We love this brushed heather gray shade and its slightly cropped, ankle-length design. The pair also features a soft and stretchy fabric that will make these one of your most-reached-for bottoms, no doubt. The best part (obvi): its side pockets, adding much bang to your buck (and, an excuse to pick up more items from one of our favorite online retailers). When we first discovered Abercrombie sells activewear, our jaws dropped to the floor. One of the most impressive pairs we’ve tried on are the YPB sculptLUX Curve Love 7/8-Length Pocket Legging, a pair we’re convinced should be more than $100 (but don’t tell Abercrombie that). This pair boasts extra room at the hips — perfect for all the curvy gals, especially — but fit true-to-size for every body, too. Abercrombie’s active fabric is soft and supportive without being restrictive, so you’ll feel good about movin’ and groovin’. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.