It ain’t easy being cheesy. A woman has claimed that she ordered a grilled cheese at Dunkin’ Donuts, only to find a piece of its paper wrappers in between. Miya, who lives in Cleveland and goes by the username @miyaacacia on TikTok, shared more about the story in a viral video that has reached more than 158,000 views. “I’ve been craving grilled cheese all day — it’s all I’ve been thinking about — so I just left work and made a run of desperation to Dunkin’ to get a grilled cheese,” she explained at the beginning of the 32-second clip. Miya continued, explaining how excited she was to “smash” the grilled cheese and enjoy it. However, unfortunately, things didn’t go exactly as planned, she claimed. “This is what they gave me,” Miya said as she showed off her apparently botched sandwich — which still had the clear paper wrapping attached to the cheese. “Yum, yum, yum, yum, yum,” she laughed as she showed the camera different angles of the fast-food cuisine. “Delicioso!” In the caption, she wrote: “The paper is my favorite part !!” The Post reached out to Miya and Dunkin’ for comment. The grilled cheese at Dunkin’ features two pieces of sourdough, white cheddar cheese, and American cheese, according to a press release from their website in 2021. In the comments section of her video, many found the mishap hilarious, although it was unfortunate for Miya, who was looking forward all day to what was supposed to be a really grate sandwich. “A sign from the universe to make it at home. ,” one commenter joked. Others claimed that they had something similar happen to them while dining at Dunkin’. “Dunking donuts is like a box of chocolates.. u truly never know what you’re gonna get  -former DD manager,” someone wrote. “Literally happened to me the last time I got grilled cheese from dunkin,” another alleged. “I was devastated .” One more user professed, “Dunkin does something like this to me every time. But I keep going back .” In other Dunkin’ news on TikTok last month, one Dunkin’ worker revealed that a mom accused her of “ruining” her child’s day after her location in Maine ran out of chocolate donuts. And, in September, a customer claimed that an employee swore at her after she requested oat milk in her coffee.