Maybe he is “Iron Man” after all. Ozzy Osbourne revealed he would be open to touring again weeks after announcing his retirement from the road. The Black Sabbath frontman, last month, pulled the plug on all of his upcoming shows in the UK and Europe this year as he recovers from spinal surgery. The rocker now says that going on tour may ultimately be an option for him. “So, if I can ever get back to where I can tour again, fine,” Osbourne said on his “Ozzy’s Boneyard” SiriusXM show. “But right now, if you said to me, ‘Can you go on the road in a month?’ I couldn’t say yes. I mean, if I could tour I’d tour. But right now I can’t book tours because right now, I don’t think I could pull them off,” he told host Billy Morrison. “If I get OK today, if the doctor said to me today, ‘Oh, you can tour.’ It would take another six months to get it together, you know? The only thing I’ve got that keeps me going is making records. But I can’t do that forever. I gotta get out there,” said Osbourne, who appeared to look frail in his first outing last month since the retirement announcement. In his announcement last month, the “Crazy Train” hitmaker said he’s no longer able to tour around the globe due to the damage his spine has endured in a nasty accident four years ago. “I am honestly humbled by the way you’ve all patiently held onto your tickets for all this time, but in all good conscience, I have now come to the realization that I’m not physically capable of doing my upcoming European/UK tour dates, as I know I couldn’t deal with the travel required,” Osbourne wrote. While the rocker admitted that his “singing voice is fine,” Osbourne’s physical health has become worse amid his ongoing battle with Parkinson’s disease. The “War Pigs” hitmaker, who has been living with the brain disorder since 2019, has undergone three operations, stem cell treatments, physical therapy, and Hybrid Assistive Limb treatment. Osbourne acknowledged that he “never would have imagined that my touring days would have ended this way.” The Rock and Roll Hall of Famer was discharged from a Los Angeles hospital last June after undergoing what his wife Sharon Osbourne, 70, described as “a major operation” that would “determine the rest of his life.” Osbourne’s “life-altering” surgery involved removing and realigning pins in his neck and back. Along with Parkinson’s and a battle with COVID-19, the musician has also been dealing with the ramifications of a 2003 quad-biking accident.