This creator has made a brand out of being as colorful as possible. Arizona resident Emily Eileen has stolen TikTok’s attention with her kaleidoscope of a house — and a boutique to match. The small business owner has racked up more than 1.1 million views on the platform with a video tour of her multicolored paradise complete with rainbow walls, stairs, furniture, a cloud mural-covered ceiling and even a rainbow ceiling fan. When she’s not enjoying her Barbie Dreamhouse of a home, Eileen — a self-described “pastel maximalist” — runs an online shop for “vintage, upcycled, hand-dyed, and embroidered goodies in all colors of the rainbow” called Fever Dream Boutique. She also has a brick and mortar location at an Arizona thrift shop. Her offerings include an assortment of pins, patches and stickers as well as lingerie, sweatshirts and dresses. The aesthetic of her merchandise very much matches that of her home and her TikTok, where she has more than 41,300 followers. In response to commenters who point out that the unique decor of her crib may make it harder to offload if she ever chooses to sell, she staunchly defends her decision to customize the space. “I’ll never be able to emphasize enough that I don’t care about my resale value (all of this being completely and easily reversible),” she captioned the 15-second clip. She adds a voiceover while panning over her furniture, “If I were to decorate only wondering what the next owner would like, then I’m pretty much just renting from the next owner.” Other rainbow houses have indeed had a tough time on the market, though, and many with multi-colored facades have also frustrated neighbors. In Santa Barbara, California, artist Jane Gottlieb decorated her home in an effort to spark joy, but accidentally upset a number of her beige-loving neighbors in the process. Those who don’t live in the area, however, “instantly smile” upon seeing the nine-colored masterpiece, Gottlieb said, The Post previously reported. In England, Mary Rose Young had a hard time selling her home — despite it being worth a quarter of a million dollars — after spending decades covering it in rainbow-colored paint and decor. And in Florida, an abode in a Naples community became controversially rainbow following a legal battle.