There’s two types of people in the world: the ones who drink their water out of any cup they can find and the ones who are obsessed with water bottles and own too many to count. For me, I’m the latter. Hydro Flask, Swell, YETI, Nalgene, Que, LARQ, Contingo, Camelbak — you name it, I’ve tried it. The newest brand I’ve added to my roster, you ask? Stanley. If you’re a TikTok user, than you know exactly what water bottle I’m talking about: the popular, rarely-in-stock, Stanley Adventure Quencher 40 oz. Tumbler that just about every influencer on your For You page probably raves about. In fact, this drinking vessel is so TikTok famous, it has its very own own hashtag, #StanleyTumbler, that has more than 180 million views on the platform (at the time of publication). After months of hearing about all the hype around this tumbler, I decided to take the plunge and was lucky enough to get my hands on one. After three months of use, I’m still in love. Due to popular demand, these tumblers can be almost as hard to get as Taylor Swift concert tickets but the brand often does restocks every few months (that you can get reminders about via e-mail) so snag one that way or shop similar options down below. Every now in then you’ll notice a few Stanley Adventure Quencher 40 oz. Tumblers available in a shade or two at random times, so if you see one you like while reading this, snag it while you can! At the time of publish, you can purchase the popular, 40 oz. Quencher in variety of colors. Amazon and Target also sells these Stanley tumblers but can often get jacked up in price by third-party sellers, unless the brand is in the midst of a restock. There’s a lot to love about this tumbler and like anything, there’s a few things that maybe aren’t so lovable. Overall, I enjoy this water bottle option for at-home use due to the mass amount of liquid it holds. This double-walled, insulated tumbler is pretty great, but here are a few key qualities that make it worth writing a standalone review on it. No matter how much we love certain things, there’s always at least one aspect that you may not rave about. Here are a few cons about the Stanley Adventure Quencher. There’s a reason that people own dozens of these, whether that be aesthetic or capacity — we get it. While I would certainly choose another water bottle for my next plane ride, when it comes to at-home use, the Stanley Adventure Quencher is my No. 1 choice and I don’t see that changing anytime soon! Since the 40 oz. Stanley Tumbler is not always in stock, check out a selection of similar options below. The slightly smaller tumbler (30 oz.) is often in-stock (or at least more than it’s 40 oz. cousin!) and is essentially the same product, without the handle and slightly less capacity. For an equally as great option, consider the YETI Rambler Mug that’s just 5 ounces lighter and just a couple dollars more than the Stanley. It’s fully insulated, making it ideal for cold brew, water or anything else you want to keep cold for hours on end. Another great 40 oz. tumbler that you’re bound to love? This well-loved pick from Simple Modern. With a whopping 1,600+ reviews and a 4.8-star rating on Amazon, plus a price tag of $30, we’re in. For more content, check out the New York Post Shopping section.