In the saga of Sagittarius Hailey Bieber née Baldwin vs. Cancer queen Selena Gomez it’s a battle of fire and water, hooves and claws complete with alleged body shaming, eyebrow shading and the slings and arrows of the social media age. Shakespearean in scope, the drama with these two orbits around their mutual history with one Pisces prince of pop, ladies and gentlemen Justin Bieber. Gomez dated the “Sorry,” singer for eight years before splitting for keeps in 2018. In the early years of their courtship, a then teenage Hailey routinely tweeted her support for #Jelena, a fact internet trolls will never let her forget. In the later years and the peak on again off again days of Jelena, Justin began intermittently dating Hailey whom he married in a South Carolina ceremony in 2019, just a few scant months after his final breakup with Gomez. Yikes and also, ouch. Despite feverish speculation, some suss song lyrics and a not so subtle rebuttal, Hailey and Gomez appeared to be sailing under the white flag of bygones and no bad blood, even posing for an armistice photo op in October 2022. Peace proved perilous however, and in early 2023  eagle eyed/drama starved fans alleged that Hailey and her Leo bud Kylie Jenner were making mean girl fun of Gomez’s laminated eyebrows. Lord of mercy. Gomez recently came to bat for her BFF Taylor Swift when footage surfaced of Hailey gagging at the mention of Swift’s name. Heaven help Hailey when the Swifties starts sharpening their knives and tightening their red scarves in defense of their one true god. In the aftermath of this latest round of dramatics, Gomez, who has usurped Kylie Jenner as the most followed woman on Instagram, has opted to take some time away from social media while Hailey limited comments on her Instagram account. Wise choices, ladies. With shots fired and feud flames fanned, we’re taking a look at the birth charts of these two women to learn more about their conflict and compatibility? Read on to learn more. Born November 22, 1996, model and proud nepo baby Hailey Bieber is a spirited Sagittarius sun with a luxury loving Taurus moon. Survivalist songstress Selena Gomez, born July 22, 1992 is a tender Cancer sun with a ‘this means war’ Aries moon. On an elemental level, fire signs like Hailey are apt to boil or at least steam water signs like Gomez. Not for nothing though, water can and will extinguish flames. We see this at play in the dynamics between Hailey and Gomez as historically the former has poked or provoked and the latter has called for peace and diffusion, all while delivering subtle and some might argue passive aggressive shade. Symbolized by the crab, the first line of defense for Cancers like Gomez is retreat but when that doesn’t prove effective they, like their crustacean counterparts, side step issues, rarely facing conflict head on and more often than not confusing their opponents with their utterly bewildering, “choose love,” kill with kindness, care bear approach. But make no mistake, a Cancer, especially one with a warrior moon, may forgive and make nice, but they, never, ever forget an insult, slight or side eye thrown their way. Water remembers and Cancer holds on. Archers like Hailey are known to fire off at the mouth; shooting, tweeting, commenting or posting without pause or consideration. Their defense is usually verbal and rarely edited. On the upswing, Sagittarius is not one to hold a grudge and sometimes cause trouble more out of boredom than malice. Ever down to let the good times roll, Sagittarius longs for the days when hatchets can be buried and shots can be taken at a bar rather than fired at a foe. An important aspect to consider when it comes to these two babes is the degrees in which their respective sun signs fall. Astrologers maintain that there are certain degrees within the birth that emphasize the qualities and/or measure the intensity of a sign. Hailey’s sun falls in zero degrees Sagittarius. Known as the Ingress degree, zero mark the moment the sun moves into a new sign and begins its journey. Hailey’s Ingress degree suggests she is a fresh and fledgling fire sign whose life will be about exploration and the process of learning to harness her honesty, edit her expression and purposefully direct her fire power. As a newb to her sign, Hailey is going to flail, she’s going to flounder and she’s going to veer into mean girl territory but this is all part of the grand scheme of her solar trajectory. Among the more beautiful aspects of the Sagittarius spirit is that it is expansive, doesn’t fear failure and never pretends to know more than it does. There’s also a ceaseless optimism to archers, they don’t dwell in what has been or how they’ve faltered but instead look forward to brighter days and their own betterment. Trust the process, sis. By contrast, Gomez’s sun falls in 29 degrees Cancer. Known in astrology as an anaretic degree this is the last gasp, final shine of the sun before it moves into its next sign/incarnation. This degree is associated with karmic completion and “old soul” energy. Those with this solar degree are masters of the powers and pitfalls of their sun sign and are often called to face punishing lessons and intense issues related to their sign as this is their final opportunity to do so. We see this in the hits just keep on coming trajectory of Gomez who in addition to the f**kery of her public feud with Hailey has battled breakups, lupus, bipolar disorder and survived a kidney transplant. As she said of her split with Justin, “I feel like I had to go through the worst possible heartbreak ever…But I just think that needed to happen and ultimately, it was the best thing that ever happened to me.” For Gomez there seems to be an emphasis on distilling trauma into song and taking control of her own healing. The anaretic degree of her sun suggests a higher purpose found through  intense challenge and absolute conviction. The difference between the Ingress and the anaretic degrees can be reduced to reaction versus reflection. Hailey is finding her footing while Gomez has made it to the mountain top. The man at the center of this melee is Justin Bieber. How does the synastry between the star and his paramours compare? Let’s first take a look at the OG teenage dreamers. In a surprise to no one, the square aspect between Justin’s Mars in Aquarius and Gomez’s Mars in Taurus suggests both volatility and vitality in their relationship dynamic. Check. Read more about Justin and Gomez’s compatibility here, and dive in to the stars behind Mr. and Mrs. Bieber here. We wish peace for all parties and wait with bated breath and volume pumped for the pop songs this petty feud might yet inspire. Astrology 101: Your guide to the stars Astrologer Reda Wigle researches and irreverently reports back on planetary configurations and their effect on each zodiac sign. Her horoscopes integrate history, poetry, pop culture and personal experience. She is also an accomplished writer who has profiled a variety of artists and performers, as well as extensively chronicled her experiences while traveling. Among the many intriguing topics she has tackled are cemetery etiquette, her love for dive bars, Cuban Airbnbs, a “girls guide” to strip clubs and the “weirdest” foods available abroad.