The disgraced ex-chief of the Tennessee Police Department joked about underling Maegan Hall’s sexcapades and shared explicit images of her on a burner phone he named “Ole Boy,” court records allege. Former La Vergne Police Chief Burrel “Chip” Davis, who was fired over the seamy scandal, openly joked with other cops about then-Officer Hall’s trysts with uniformed colleagues and shared explicit images of her that were circulated within the department. The chief later feigned ignorance when questioned as part of an internal investigation — until he had no choice but to come clean, according to the court records. In one text exchange Oct. 25, Davis and Officer Ty McGowan joked over a photo they shared of Hall allegedly taken by another sergeant, Lewis Powell, who was having an illicit affair with the married female cop, the records show. “Who dat?” Davis asked in a text. “Hall…. Lewis,” McGowan replied. “He on it again,” the chief replied. “He swears he ain’t,” said McGowan. “She nor her husband took that picture,” Davis said. “She has a tight little ass tho,” McGowan replied. “Yep,” said Davis. Hall, 26, was fired after word of her sexual encounters with six other cops leaked out, including an alleged threesome with one officer and his wife and a “Girls Gone Wild” hot tub encounter with several of the officers. Last month, Hall filed a federal civil-rights lawsuit against the city, Davis, McGowan and Powell, claiming she was “sexually groomed” by cops on her all-male shift. In her first interview last week, she said she was “sexualized” by her fellow officers. Records contained in her complaint revealed details of interviews with Davis and other cops, including how the chief joked about the misconduct and images shared with other officers, such as a 13-minute video allegedly showing Hall masturbating. The chief and McGowan discussed Hall’s affair with Powell again Oct. 28. “I saved her for the last time,” Davis wrote. “I wish I could tell her who she f–king cant do s–t for her.” “I wish I could too,” McGowan wrote back. “Then we both could play.” “Can’t f–k Lewis tho cause the pics are,” Davis responded, adding a flame emoji. The secret sexcapades began to unravel in December when Hall checked herself into a local hospital after have suicidal thoughts, according to her lawsuit. City officials then received a tip about the wild goings-on. “ITS OUT IN HR TALKING ABOUT IT NOW,” Davis texted McGowan on Dec. 12. “She told at the hospital,” he wrote. “all bets off.” Davis, Powell and McGowan were fired over the scandal, as were Police Officer Juan Lugo-Perez and Detective Seneca Shields. Three other cops, Patrick Magliocco, Larry Holladay and Gavin Schoeberl, were suspended. The internal investigation into the saga later concluded that Davis not only knew of the scandal brewing in his ranks but also “misled this investigation. “No one person is at fault for these events,” the report concluded. “In this matter, however, our investigation found that one person possessed a unique combination of information, authority, responsibility and opportunity to change the course of these events. “And that [person], Chief Davis did not.” A rep for La Vergne told The Post last week that the city would not comment on pending litigation.  