Eleven-year-old Ohio twins are being hailed as heroes after they steered their mother’s SUV off a busy highway when she suddenly had a seizure behind the wheel. Jordan and Jermel Taylor, of Massillon, immediately jumped into action after their mother Crystal Thompson, who has epilepsy, suffered “an incapacitating medical emergency” while driving on Feb. 25 around 10:30 a.m. on state Route 21, city officials said. The mother cannot recall exactly what happened during the episode, but her sons have since filled her in. “I was driving. I started having a seizure and my hands fell off the wheel., and I fell against the window,” Thompson told News 5 Cleveland. Jordan, who was sitting in the backseat, recognized what was happening as the vehicle was moving on an on-ramp. “I told my brother, Jermel, I think she’s about to have a seizure,” Jordan explained. Jermel, who was in the front passenger seat, grabbed the wheel and safely steered the vehicle into an open field off the highway. “I reached over and grabbed it and I turned it all the way to the grassy part and we were safe and everything,” said Jermel, who had never driven a car before. He said he was acting solely on “instinct.” The car came to a stop because Thompson’s foot was partially on the break, police said. A panicked Jordon called 911 right away. “I didn’t know exactly where I was at because I was, like, so scared. I just told them that my mom had a seizure,” Jordan said. Thompson was taken to a local hospital for treatment. She has since undergone testing and had an MRI, News 5 Cleveland reported. “I will say I’m very much thankful for my fiancé who taught them how to drive a tractor and my dad has taught them how to ride go-karts, so that’s always a plus,” she said. Massillon Police Sgt. Audrey Aiello, who responded to the call, said the two sixth-graders’ quick thinking likely saved other motorists on the road at the time. “Eleven-year-olds don’t typically have that quick-witted response like normal adults would,” Aiello, who has a 10-year-old of her own, told the news outlet. “I was very impressed. They were very calm. They were obviously very concerned for their mother.” Aiello wrote a commendation letter for the brothers, who were honored by Massillon police and city officials this week. “Their brave actions are honorable and we just want them to know that we appreciate everything that they have done for themselves, their mother and for the community,” Aiello said.