For months, it’s felt like Aaron Rodgers and the Jets were engaged in an inevitable courtship that would land the four-time MVP in New York ahead of the start of NFL free agency next week. And the latest rumors on that front have driven bettors into a frenzy. On Tuesday, the Packers quarterback reportedly met with top Jets officials – including owner Woody Johnson, GM Joe Douglas, coach Robert Saleh, and OC Nathaniel Hackett – who flew to California to make their case to the future Hall-of-Fame passer. That sparked a flurry of betting activity at Caesars, where a whopping 52% of the tickets and 60.9% of the money came in on New York from Tuesday morning through Wednesday at noon ET, according to the book. That included six bets of at least $1,000 – more than 27 teams have seen all offseason. The avalanche of money forced oddsmakers to slash the Jets’ odds to 20/1 to win the Super Bowl. That’s the seventh-shortest odds on the board, and just three teams (Bengals, Eagles, Chiefs) have drawn more action than New York as of Wednesday afternoon. The Jets were already dealing at 30/1 at Caesars before Tuesday’s news based almost entirely on speculation about a potential Rodgers coup, which was enough to coax 7.7% of all money wagered in the Super Bowl market. Then came the recent 24-hour betting bonanza: New York saw more money bet on it in the last day than 16 teams have seen the entire offseason, pushing that volume wagered to a whopping 9.2% by Wednesday. It wasn’t just at Caesars, either. As of Wednesday, the Jets had drawn the most money and the most bet slips to win the Super Bowl at both DraftKings and PointsBet after a betting frenzy that began Tuesday morning. New York is currently dealing at shorter than 20/1 to win it all at both shops. The Rodgers-to-Jets rumors had already intensified earlier this week when free agent quarterback Derek Carr – who was tabbed as a potential backup option for the Jets – signed with the Saints on Monday. New York was unwilling to meet Carr’s timeline with Rodgers still on the table, per reports. Still, it’s no guarantee that Rodgers plays for the Jets next season, if he even plays at all. The Packers are still waiting to hear news from Rodgers about his future with the start of NFL free agency just a week away.