INDIANAPOLIS — There have neem hints of encouragement, but the numbers are not yet close enough to warrant more than cautious optimism that a deal between the Giants and Daniel Jones will get done by Tuesday, the deadline for the team to place the franchise tag on its starting quarterback. What Jones’ camp proposed at the start of all this — more than $45 million per year, and possibly as much as $48 million per year — was always going to get chiseled down to a more realistic number. As the annual average of a possible agreement creeps up near to $40 million per year (or perhaps slightly higher than that), there are ways to structure a deal so that the annual average is inflated by a final-year salary that is not fully guaranteed. The Giants could also guarantee a higher percentage of the entire contract in exchange for keeping the overall price tag down slightly. In recent quarterback deals, Dak Prescott ($40 million per year average) received 78 percent of his contract ($126 million of $160 million) in practically guaranteed money and Kyler Murray ($46.1 million per year average) received 82 percent of his entire deal ($189.5 million of $230.5 million) in practically guaranteed money. Practically guaranteed money is not fully guaranteed money, but it calculates in that the player is unlikely to be released out of his contract before the guarantees kick in. Patrick Mahomes signed a 10-year, $450 million contract but, despite the mammoth length and total, many agents viewed it as a subpar deal because only 31 percent of it ($141 million) comes in practically guaranteed money. If a deal cannot be worked out, the Giants could use the franchise tag on Jones to serve as a placeholder, keeping him off the open market as the two sides continue trying to work out a multi-year deal. That approach has been used many times before, by several different teams. The Giants, in fact, did it in 2009, tagging running back Brandon Jacobs to retain his rights while talks continued. And then, 11 days later, it was announced that Jacobs and the Giants had come to terms on a four-year contract worth $25 million. General manager Joe Schoen has not played coy at all, stating unequivocally he will put the tag on Jones on Tuesday if a contract agreement is not reached. And yes, the Giants can then negotiate with Jones all the way up until July 17. By that time, the two sides must have a multi-year agreement in place or else the player must play on a one-year deal in 2023. The thinking by the Giants this time around, though, is that they have to work out the contract with Jones by Tuesday. “If it doesn’t get done by [Tuesday] it’s probably not going to get done,’’ a Giants source told The Post. If the deal does not get done, Jones will go on the books for the $32.4 million tag price for quarterbacks and the leverage will shift to the Giants. Jones’ camp has to know that. The Giants will absorb the $32.4 million salary-cap hit (it would be less than half of that on a five-year deal) and move on with their business, which could include parting ways with Saquon Barkley and shopping the bargain bin for offensive help for Jones. That is why both sides want something to happen in the next few days. Talks are ongoing, with face-to-face meetings during the scouting combine with Schoen and Jones’ representation from Athletes First. The new Giants brain trust of Schoen and head coach Brian Daboll believes in Jones, one year after it made complete sense when they refused to pick up the quarterback’s fifth-year option for what now looks like a low-low price of $22.3 million for the 2023 season. Schoen and Daboll clearly believe in Jones more than does almost anyone else in the NFL, given the incredulous private remarks from those who cannot fathom Jones averaging upwards of $40 million per year. Schoen and Daboll believe his upside is much more impressive than his body of work in the first four years of his NFL career. Belief has a ceiling, though, and the Giants are not going to bring the house down to ensure Jones signs.