It’s a new twist on an old axiom: A dog is a prosecutor’s best friend. Bubba, a rambunctious yellow Labrador retriever, was not among more than 75 witnesses and nearly 800 pieces of evidence in the six-week murder trial of disgraced South Carolina attorney Alex Murdaugh. But the dog’s presence at the crime scene played a pivotal role in convicting the now-disbarred attorney — who was sentenced to life in prison without parole Friday for the murders of his wife, Maggie, 52, and son Paul, 22, in June 2021. “Does Bubba have a sixth sense?” prosecutor John Meadors asked jurors, claiming the dog prompted Alex to give up his whereabouts. “Thank God for Bubba.” Since Maggie and Paul’s deaths, Bubba reportedly lives with Blanca Turrubiate-Simpson, a former housekeeper for the Murdaughs who was herself a witness during the trial. A longtime Murdaugh family observer who has watched the trial also credited Bubba, said to be Maggie’s favorite of the family’s four dogs, for ultimately sinking the defendant. “Bubba solved the case,” the source told The Post on Thursday. “Labs are very loyal. They love their owners and Maggie was Bubba’s master.” Alex Murdaugh was given two life terms for the murders of his wife and son. Murdaugh, 54, insisted to authorities on the night of the slayings that he wasn’t near the dog kennels at the family’s rural hunting lodge, where Maggie and Paul were found fatally shot, her with a rifle and him with a shotgun. But prosecutors brought to light a bombshell Snapchat video that clearly placed the South Carolina scion at the family’s Islandton hunting lodge — revealing his voice as one among three clearly heard on the 50-second clip. The others belonged to Paul and Maggie. Prosecutor Creighton Waters teased the video as “crucial evidence” during opening statements in late January. In his sensational testimony, Murdaugh later admitted joining his wife and son at the kennel, where he is heard snatching a chicken away from Bubba. “Come here, Bubba!” Murdaugh’s voice says. “Come here, Bubba!” Murdaugh confessed to previously lying to authorities about the kennel link, blaming his addiction to opioids for creating a distrust of police. With additional reporting by Dana Kennedy