New York magazine’s veteran art critic Jerry Saltz advised his social media followers to “shun” anybody who has voted for Republican political candidates — even if they are “friends and family.” “If you know anyone who voted Republican — including friends and family — you should shun them,” Saltz wrote on his Instagram page on Sunday. “No need to even tell them that you are no longer communicating with them or why,” Saltz wrote. “You own it [sic] yourself, to them, your country, and any idea of moral damage.” Saltz — who was responding to a post of an old photo of Tennessee Gov. Bill Lee in drag, protesting a state law banning drag performances in front of kids — concluded the post by writing: “And yes, they want to bring back lynching.” The Post has sought comment from Saltz and New York Magazine. The comments by Saltz — who also is the husband of New York Times art critic Roberta Smith — sparked immediate protests. “It’s called hatred to cut off people just because they believe differently than you,” one Instagram user responded to Saltz. “Petty people that can’t survive in life unless everything and everyone believes like them.” Gad Saad, the Canadian professor and evolutionary behavioral expert, sarcastically tweeted, “I disowned my children because they have used the verb ‘trumped’.” Later, Pulitzer Prize-winning journalist Glenn Greenwald weighed in: “Excising everyone in your life who has different political views than you — including your parents, siblings and children — seems like a very psychologically unhealthy thing to do. “Doing that as a journalist seems fatal to the job, as well as psychologically ill,” Greenwald wrote. “These people are insane,” another critic of Saltz added. “They believe every ounce of propaganda CNN and [the New York Times] throw at them and then feel they’re opinions are holier then thou.” Saltz replied to Greenwald, tweeting: “Republicans, as they are, no longer have what might be called your polite ‘political views’. They are anti-democratic, authoritarian.” “But you know this already and want to shade things to ‘both sides.’ Fine by me.” On his Twitter feed on Tuesday, Saltz showed no signs of backing down, writing: “To all #Maga Republicans, their sympathizers and apologists: If you buy the ticket for betraying your country as you did, you take the ride.” Saltz is no stranger to controversy. In 2021, he was blasted for tweeting that art critics “put more into” writing than artists do in creating their works of art.