This hairdresser is sharing her best tip for applying conditioner in the shower — and TikTok users are loving it. Sophie, an Australian content creator who goes by the username @theaussierapunzel on the social media app, revealed the hack in a TikTok video that has more than 91,000 views. She posted the trick on her page in 2021, but decided to give a refresher to her audience in another clip this week. The original video has more than 3 million views. In the beginning of the 19-second TikTok, she showed off her super-long, Rapunzel-like blond hair in the shower. “It’s very simple, and some of you might already do it, but wring out all the water in your hair before you apply conditioner,” Sophie explained, as she demonstrated how to do so. She continued, explaining, “This way, it’s not diluted, your hair stays hydrated and you’ll have less split ends. Try it next time and thank me later.” The Post reached out to Sophie for comment. Hair colorist Cara Craig, who works at Suite Caroline Salon in New York City, told TODAY in 2017 that it’s important to make sure you rinse out the conditioner, as it can lead to having product build-up in your hair. “I find most people don’t rinse their shampoo and conditioner out properly and are left with product build-up,” she told the outlet at the time. “If you think you’ve rinsed enough, keep rinsing.” In the comments section of Sophie’s video, some users claimed that her trick had made a noticeable difference in their hair. “I do this !!!” one person gushed. “My hair is very damaged from bleaching a few years ago and this has helped it so so much!!!” Another person claimed, “This definitely made a difference for my hair.” “Omg it works so well, thanks ,” someone else wrote. However, one viewer alleged that the hack didn’t do much for her. “It dosen’t work for me my hair always goes dry and I’ve been doing it for ages,” she wrote. Someone else shared, “I would if I could but my hair is so short too short too do it.” But Sophie’s conditioner tip is not the only hair hack that has gone viral on TikTok recently. In January, influencer Liz Fox Roseberry revealed that she is able to achieve perfect curls in her hair by using a pasta strainer found in her kitchen, and a blow dryer. She claimed it works better than using a diffuser. Last October, self-proclaimed “beauty concierge” Nicole Vitulli recommended using rosemary oil in your shampoo to make your hair healthier and shinier. “When rosemary oil is the new thing for hair growth and health but you have been using shampoo infused with it for years,” she wrote in white text over the clip at the time, showing off her long hair.