“Stranger Things” star Grace Van Dien is opening up about how inappropriate behavior on set has pushed her away from Hollywood. The 26-year-old actress, who played Chrissy in Season 4 of “Stranger Things,” revealed during a Twitch livestream that she’s taking a break from acting due to bad experiences, including one unnamed producer who she said propositioned her for a threesome. “One of the last movies I did, one of the producers asked me to … like, he hired a girl that he was sleeping with and then he had her ask me to have a threesome with them. So like, that’s my boss. I didn’t [do it] and I cried and I was so upset,” she shared. Van Dien admitted that these types of experiences are what led her to pursue streaming projects instead. “It’s like, when people are like, ‘How is streaming better for your mental health?’ That’s how. I get to stay inside my home and play video games and I don’t have my boss asking me to have sex with him. That’s how this is better for my mental health,” she said. The Post has reached out to Van Dien’s reps for comment. Looking back, the LA native said she’s glad she took action. “But I handled it the right way. I told my management. My castmate, she was there with me and was like, ‘Did I just hear that correctly?’ And I was like, ‘Yeah.’ And she was like, ‘Want to go talk a walk?’ I was like, ‘Yeah.’ And we just had a miserable time. We cried a lot on that shoot.” Van Dien — who has been in films such as “What Comes Around,” “V for Vengeance” and “Julius Caesar Live!” — mentioned that she’s turned down opportunities because of this. “I’ve actually turned down, in the last two and a half weeks, four movies,” she shared. “Here’s the thing: I’ve seen that some people are upset with me for turning down acting projects and deciding to stream more, but the fact of the matter is, the last few projects I’ve worked on, I didn’t have the best experiences with some of the people I had to work for. And with streaming, I get to choose who I hang out with, who I talk to, etc. etc.” Though Van Dien is taking a break from acting, she said she’s happy doing streaming and using her video game skills. She is active on livestreaming platform Twitch, where she has 294,000 followers. She concluded, “That’s why I’m going to stick to streaming for a little bit, and I hope that’s not a huge wrench in your plans for me, but I’m happy here. And I’m developing my own projects and I’m hoping that someone decides to fund them because then I can be in control of my own set and I’m not going to ask my actors to sleep with me, so that’s cool, right?”