A Wisconsin woman with a history of abuse claimed she was having a “dream” when she stabbed her sleeping ex-boyfriend 19 times last month, court documents show. Morgan Lund, 21, pleaded not guilty to the Feb. 18 slashing by reason of mental disease or defect on Monday. Police arrived to the couple’s Oshkosh home just before 8 a.m. to find a crying Lund covered in blood and applying pressure to the victim’s wounds, according to the criminal complaint against her. Lund told cops she “thought she saw something” when she attacked her unidentified ex — whom she shares a child with and recently broke up with — and was worried there was “something wrong with my head.” The young mother claimed she woke up around 6:30 a.m. and took the baby into the living room — where her ex was sleeping on the couch —  so the child could play in the playpen before she returned to bed. “She had a muddled memory of something that might have been a dream, or her imagination, but she thought [victim] was yelling at their daughter,” the court documents state. Lund told cops she then saw a dark, non-human “figure” — a phenomenon she’s been hallucinating for six months — start attacking her ex, according to the complaint. She allegedly grabbed a pair of scissors and began “trying to kill” the figure, but was, in reality, attacking her ex-boyfriend. The victim told cops he woke up to Lund attacking him and was able to fight her off. Lund then “stated that she did not know what was happening, she had a dream,” according to the complaint. He asked her if she could go get him a towel and she then “said something about, ‘I don’t want to lose custody.'” The man believed he was going to die from the 19 stab wounds across his back, shoulders, chest, face and hands, according to the filing. The stabbing was not the first time Lund was violent with him throughout their three-year relationship, he claimed. “[The victim] stated that throughout their relationship Morgan was very abusive, hitting him on several occasions. He reported that they constantly fight and argue,” the court docs note. “He stated they argue on a daily basis, but [he] shuts the argument down because he does not want to be involved with her any longer. She has threatened him in the past, but has never threatened to kill him as far as he is aware.” A psychiatric evaluation was ordered for Lund, who is being held on $250,000 bond on a charge of attempted first-degree intentional homicide. The next court hearing in the case is set for April 13.