Keeping your hair in place can be an uphill battle, but a worthy opponent for taming little baby hairs, flyaway pieces and dreaded frizzy strands is a proper hair styling gel. Hair gel has been around forever providing everything from more definition to curls to holding locks of all lengths and types in place. Its versatility has even made it worthy of being used as a durable brow product. Influencers, models and celebrities like Bella Hadid and Kim Kardashian have increasingly been sporting the trendy slicked back or “wet hair” look, garnering well-deserved attention to this timeless beauty product. To help you debut your slicked back hairdo, The New York Post spoke with hair experts such as celebrity hairdresser Ted Gibson (whose client roster includes Tessa Thompson, Anne Hathaway, Jessica Chastain, Angelina Jolie and more), celebrity hair colorist and salon owner Rita Hazan who has previously styled Beyoncé, Jessica Simpson and Jennifer Lopez and John Nguyen a hair stylist at Honey Artists to get the scoop on how to use this multipurpose product as well as their personal recommendations. Whether you’re looking to do a sleek updo or just want to tame any loose strands, hair styling gel will provide a firm hold that even your hairspray will be envious of. Check below to learn some tips from the pros and discover the best styling gels, according to the pros as well as some favorites of ours. According to Hazan, this hair product is normally “used for hold with braiding, styling short hair, or slicking your hair back.” For shorter lengths, it’s “also used for spiking and texture.” When it comes to finding the right type of hair styling gel, both Gibson and Hazan both agree that you should avoid formulas with high alcohol content as it can dry out hair or make it flaky. This will depend on the type of look you are going for, but typically if you want a stronger hold then curly, coily and kinky hair will need a styling gel with a strong formula. Sally Beauty gave a step-by-step tutorial on how to create a slick backed bun look using Eco Style’s Krystal Styling Gel (which is also included in our roundup below). Take a look below to see how to use the hair styling gel and a brush to create a clean, crisp look. When you think of a haircare routine your first thoughts probably are a good shampoo and conditioner, but Gibson recommends incorporating göt2b (and even carries it himself in his beauty suitcase). “Gel sometimes get a bad wrap and can sound old school BUT I love a good gel,” he said. This one comes with a non-sticky formula to keep your hands (and bathroom counter) free of residue. It also boasts an “invincible” formula that even the gusts of wind will get tired trying to blow your hair out of place. One of Hazan’s favorite hair styling gels is Oribe Hair Care Rock Hard Gel. The formula combines that of gel and cream that’ll moisturize strands while keeping them in place. It’s also made to set quickly, which is why the brand recommends applying it to damp hair, combing (if desired) and styling to your liking. KMS Hairplay Styling Gel has been around since the 1980s, according to Nguyen, but he still considers this a go-to for “a hard concrete hold that washes out with water.” Especially if your desired style is a “stronger slick back hair with smooth glass finishes,” then he suggests using KMS in slightly damp hair. He even walked through how to apply the product to get the best results. “If super hold and the fastest dry time is desired, comb dry hair in all the areas you plan to add gel to thoroughly first,” he explained to The Post. “Remove all hair snags and knots, then apply KMS gel directly to hair and head. Make sure your hands and fingers have enough pressure to push gel through all the layers of the hair to saturate the scalp and work fast.” If you’re not looking to break the bank but still want a really good styling gel, then Nguyen considers LA Looks a quality pick as it “not only works great, but is very inexpensive.” Since gels were made to freeze hair’s movement, some of the best hairdos to use it on, as suggested by him, are for “hairdos such as chignons, buns or slick close to head looks” or “red carpet wet looks that hold yet are more giving in touch.” And if you want to get that sultry soaked hair look, Nguyen says to take this gel and add an ample amount until it looks like you have just stepped out of the shower. Not a strand will be out of place after using Gibson’s other beloved pick: Intelligent Nutrients Shape-setter. He always carries this with him as it provides medium hold on wet or dry hair. The formula is also safe to use on chemically treated hair, so you can go from the salon to your work event with elegant slicked back hair. Whether you’re looking to control any hair thats gone out of place or just want a sleek bun to go out in, Hazan prefers using Eco Style for a long lasting hold. The formula is free of alcohol, grease and wax, to keep your hair soft, shiny and in place, so you can have photo-ready hair in a flash. Plus, that low price will keep your wallet from lecturing you later. Anyone with medium to coarse hair will appreciate this pick from Gibson as it uses organic ingredients such as aloe calendula and chamomile. The results? Some medium hold that won’t leave your hair crunch but rather shiny and smooth. While known for their heat protectant hair products, It’s a 10 also has a styling gel that Gibson is obsessed with. He keeps this one close at hand and for good reason as it features a non-sticky texture that won’t leave hair feeling rock hard or stiff. Your strands will also be praising you for its thermal barrier to further protect locks. Wave goodbye to tousled hairdos and crunchy strands as Garnier has got you covered — no, but actually. Made with 98% naturally derived ingredients that are free from silicones and parabens, the formula with keep hair slicked back for up to 24 hours. From there just shower as normally and, voila, your hair will be back to normal. Boasting a flexible formula, L’Oreal’s styling gel can also define hair without producing any build-up. Instead, you can enjoy twirling and twisting hair into a clean, crisp hairdo that’ll have you ready for your close-up. Sculpt, smooth and scrunch using Paul Mitchell’s Super Clean Sculpting Gel. Unlike other types of hair gel, this one goes for a more stronger hold and is especially great at creating wet looks using hydrolyzed soy protein that’ll result in healthy looking hair instead of hard and crunchy. Get the most for your buck with a gel that’ll literally last your months. The 32oz jar features an extremely thick textured gel, ideal for anyone with a lot of hair or strands on the coarser side. So, if you need something that’ll really hold your locks in place, this is the one you should add to your beauty counter ASAP. If you’ve got medium to coarse hair then you’ve got to snag this gel as the strong hold helps to tame unruly hair. It’s also free of alcohol to avoid drying out your precious curls. Tracee Ellis Ross wasn’t messing around when she debuted her own haircare brand. This hair styling gel especially is perfect for anyone with wavy, coily or curly hair as it was designed with a stronger hold that won’t damage your precious curls or coils. It’s even infused with sea moss, aloe vera and chia seeds to nourish and fortify your curls. Not look for a soft or super strong hold? Bumble and Bumble provides is a medium hold that’s in the middle (or just right, as Goldilocks would say). The cruelty-free ingredients are also void of phthalates, parabens and silicones (so all the bad stuff). Also, a little goes a long way, which means you won’t be emptying it out anytime soon. Some scalps prefer to keep things fragrance-free, which is why Vanicream exists. You get all the perks of a typical styling gel just without all those harsh chemicals and scents that can leave your scalp irritated. No matter if your hair is wet or dry you can apply just a bit of this to create a smooth or textured look. Plus, with ingredients like argan-oil, your hair will be left soft and touchable — a.k.a no crunchiness. The answer is yes, you can control frizz and Biolage has the answer with its styling gel. As the weather heats up our hair tends to lose control, but with a dollop of this you can obtain shiny smooth hair with not a strand out of place. Aussie won’t flake on your or your hair thanks to ingredients like jojoba oil and sea kelp, which will nourish hair while providing definition, and, most importantly, sculpted shape. It’s also good for all hair types whether you have fine, thick, straight, wavy or curly hair. Add some luxury to your lineup with Oribe Curl Gelée, which will have your hair bouncing (or in this case frozen) with joy. The curly hair product will define curls or can be used to style it as you want. Just make sure you use it on damp hair for the best results. As an added bonus, it’s gluten and paraben-free to keep your hair happy and healthy. For more content, check out the New York Post Shopping section.