Megyn Kelly had little sympathy for her onetime colleague Savannah Guthrie, who had to leave her co-hosting duties on NBC’s “Today” show on Tuesday after testing positive for COVID-19 during the morning broadcast. “This is reportedly Savannah’s third bout of COVID and I guarantee you she’s had all the vaccines and the boosters because you won’t be able to go into 30 Rock without them,” Kelly, who hosted her own hourlong morning show, “Megyn Kelly Today,” on NBC from 2017 until 2018, said on her SiriusXM podcast Tuesday. “There’s zero chance NBC is not requiring all boosters,” Kelly added. “And this is [Guthrie’s] third bout of COVID.” “All of it is such a perfect indication of how the left — and especially the left in New York — continues to live.” Kelly seemed bewildered at the fact that there are still people who test for COVID-19. “I mean, at this point, seriously? … is anyone still even testing for COVID?” she said. “It’s amazing to me. These guys are leftists and it’s amazing to me to see how the leftists still live under the grip of COVID …” She added: “I don’t test for COVID anymore. Who’s testing for COVID still?” Kelly predicted that “Today” weatherman Al Roker will appear on the air with a protective mask over his face. “I got dollars to donuts that [Al] Roker’s there with an N95 tomorrow all day on set …,” she quipped. The Post has sought comment from NBC. Guthrie’s mid-broadcast departure from “Today” came amid widespread concern among viewers for co-host Hoda Kotb, who has been absent for several days without explanation. “Today” co-host Craig Melvin told viewers Wednesday that “Hoda’s okay” and that she has been absent while tending to a “family health matter.” The 51-year-old Guthrie took her seat alongside substitute co-host Sheinelle Jones at 7 a.m. Eastern time Tuesday. But Guthrie was a no-show when the program returned from commercial break at 7:30. That’s when Jones informed viewers that Guthrie had tested positive for COVID-19. “It has been an interesting morning for us. As we said, Savannah left early. She wasn’t feeling great, so she took a COVID test, [and] it came back positive,” Jones said. Kelly is the 52-year-old former Fox News primetime star who left NBC after a tumultuous 21-month period during which she sparked outrage by defending the use of “blackface,”  interviewing conspiracy theorist Alex Jones, and alienating celebrities including Jane Fonda, who did not appreciate being asked about her plastic surgery. NBC parent company Comcast negotiated a $69 million buyout of Kelly’s multiyear contract in early 2018, finalizing its divorce from the star, who has since resurfaced with a podcast on SiriusXM satellite radio.