Mitchell Robinson described it as “just doing my job,” but his suffocating rejection of All-Star MVP Jayson Tatum’s first-quarter dunk attempt was the defining moment of the Knicks’ upset win Monday night over the Celtics, a victory marked by stifling defense. The play was another example of how Robinson has made a massive impact at both ends of the court in his first three games back in the lineup after a layoff of more than a month following right thumb surgery on Jan. 19. The 7-foot center has posted three consecutive double-doubles, averaging 10.3 points and 12.7 rebounds, while hitting 93.8 percent (15-for-16) of his field-goal attempts, as the surging Knicks have extended their winning streak to six games. “He’s an elite defender, obviously,” Knicks coach Tom Thibodeau said after the win Monday. “The rim protection, even if he’s not blocking [shots], they’re looking for him, and he’s got great discipline in the restricted [area].” “And then offensively, just creating the extra possessions and doing what he does there, it’s been big for us.” The 24-year-old Robinson is tied with the Hawks’ Clint Capela for second in the NBA with 4.2 offensive rebounds per game, behind only the Grizzlies’ Steven Adams (5.1). Just the threat of Robinson at the rim, Thibodeau said, creates better offensive spacing for 3-point attempts for his teammates. “Keep drawing people in, it opens shots. It helps us on the offensive end,” Robinson said. “That’s what this game comes down to. So, get out, run and hopefully somebody … can pull up, shoot the 3s and we have a better chance of getting a second shot, third shot. The more possessions we get, the better chance we have.” The Knicks went 8-6 in the 14 games Robinson missed with the thumb injury. Second-year center Jericho Sims filled in ably as the starter and Isaiah Hartenstein remained with the second unit. The Knicks are 36-27 overall entering their game Wednesday against the Nets. They have moved a game ahead of the Nets for the No. 5 playoff position in the Eastern Conference. “We missed Mitch a lot, so what he does on defense, his pressure on the rim on his rolls, he’s just an anchor. We missed that,” Immanuel Quickley said after the win over the Celtics. “He’s been in the league for a while, knows the game. He was there tonight. It was great to have him.” Robinson, on Monday, had his 38th career game with at least 10 points, 10 boards and two blocked shots. That is far from Patrick Ewing’s club record of 421 such games in his career, but it’s only two behind Kurt Thomas’ 40 for second place in franchise history. “Mitch, since he’s been back, obviously we’re happy he’s healthy, but he’s been great,” Jalen Brunson said. “He’s been able to be dominant in the paint on both sides of the ball. He gives us that extra effort. He’s been unbelievable. I’m just happy he’s on our team.” Asked about Robinson’s block on Tatum, Brunson added: “He’s someone that puts everything on the line, so when you make a play like that, it’s special. He’s always been like that. I think even if Tatum dunks it, he’s going to try to block it the next time. That’s just his mindset.” Robinson, who was signed to a four-year contract worth $60 million last summer, has advanced from an intriguing raw talent to an effective game-impacting player at both ends in his fifth NBA campaign. “I think when you look at his body, the overall conditioning, the strength combined with his conditioning — he’s changing ends of the floor, he’s making multiple-effort plays,” Thibodeau said. “We’re seeing a ton of pick-and-roll. Most teams are heavy pick-and-roll teams … so most of his plays require two, three, four efforts.” “And then offensively, run the floor, set the screens, roll hard to the rim. And I think our guys are doing a better job now of reading when his man is coming and we’re connecting with that. It’s helping us to create much better rhythm.”