The Issue: Chicago Mayor Lori Lightfoot’s decisive defeat in her bid for re-election. Odd how Chicago Mayor Lori Lightfoot blamed her primary defeat on being a “black woman in America,” which didn’t appear to prevent her from being elected in the first place (“Lori goes down zinging,” March 2). My guess is that voters are sick and tired of her ineptitude over the last 3 ¹/₂ years. That’s what usually gets an incumbent thrown out of office. Peter W. Kelly Hazlet, NJ Lightfoot gutlessly blames racism and sexism for her loss in the recent election. The sore loser is taking the loss in typical liberal fashion, blaming everyone but herself. By refusing to take interviews from white journalists, she’s also proven that she’s a racist (imagine a white politician attempting anything similar). Truth is, the voters dumped her because she is an unqualified, incompetent failure — just another example of what happens when you sacrifice quality for “equity.” What a disingenuous, hypocritical liberal phony. Chicago is just another once-proud city turned into a cesspool by Democrats. Sorry, Lori, not buying your sob story. Don’t left the door hit you. Frank J. Perry Morristown, NJ The total hypocrisy of this woman is unbelievable. Now that the Windy City has become one of the most dangerous major cities in the country, Lightfoot’s horrendous performance as mayor has come to light, and, lo and behold, she has been rejected by the voters. Well, in Lori’s mind, this doesn’t count. She is now complaining that she lost because she is gay, she is black, she is a woman: all things that helped to get her elected in the first place. Let’s face it, Lori. Race, gender and color had nothing to do with you being ousted. Your rejection was brought about not just by poor performance, but by doing nothing at all to stem the violence in Chicago. Take a long, hard look in the mirror. You will see someone who failed in doing her job. Alan Brooks Brooklyn Tada! The wily, obnoxious and soon-to-be-ex-mayor of Chicago, a city mired in homelessness and crime, has pulled out the race card. Chicago has circled the drain since she was sworn in. If she hasn’t noticed, most of the others who threw their hats into the ring to save Chi-town are black. One is white. Here’s a novel idea for the Second City and all the other liberal cesspools that have created a scourge of crime: Fight crime at all levels and demand accountability of leaders. Lori, no one is picking on you because you’re black. It’s because you’re as useless as that imbecile Mayor Bill de Blasio, who ruined New York City. Kevin Judge Naples, Fla. It’s hard to believe there could be a mayor worse than de Blasio. But Lori Lightfoot was just that, taking Chicago and totally ruining that city during her term. And on cue, she turned to claims of racism to explain her ouster. Here’s to voting out politicians for one simple reason — you’re not good at your job. New Yorkers, it can be done. Rob Cerone Manhattan The crime rate in Chicago is up 61%, yet Lightfoot says that she took Chicago down the right path. It’s obvious that she is in denial. The woman failed miserably, but still brags about her “accomplishments.” The only hope for Chicago is a Republican mayor. Good luck. JoAnn Lee Frank Clearwater, Fla. Not enough has been said about Lori Lightfoot’s loss in her bid for re-election to Chicago’s mayoralty. Her place among America’s worst-ever big-city mayors is well-settled. She denied that shootings each weekend in black neighborhoods were indicative of a “crime wave.” And the overall decay of the city, including a major exodus of residents, showed the disdain in which she was held by voters. Ignorance, ego, dishonesty and a lack of concern for voters are sure losers in a race for office. Rich Klitzberg Boca Raton, Fla. Want to weigh in on today’s stories? Send your thoughts (along with your full name and city of residence) to letters@nypost.com. Letters are subject to editing for clarity, length, accuracy and style.