House Speaker Kevin McCarthy will meet with Taiwan President Tsai Ing-wen in California rather than Taipei to avoid provoking an aggressive response from China and worsen the already-tense relationship between Beijing and Washington. McCarthy (R-Calif.) said last summer that he wanted to travel to the self-governed island if he became speaker, and the Pentagon began making preparations for his visit in January. But Tsai’s administration provided McCarthy’s office with “some intelligence about what the Chinese Communist party is recently up to and the kinds of threats they pose,” the Financial Times reported on Monday, citing a source in Taiwan. The official pointed out that China is “not in a good situation.” Former House Speaker Nancy Pelosi’s visit to Taiwan last August enraged Beijing, which responded by holding its largest military exercises in the region in 25 years. “There might be policies even more irrational than in the past emanating from Beijing,” the Taiwanese official told the Financial Times. “If we can try to control this together, the risks it brings for everybody can be contained better.” Tsai has been invited to speak at the Ronald Reagan Presidential Library in Simi Valley, Calif. next month during her planned visit to the United States and Central America. McCarthy will meet with Tsai while she is in the Golden State. China views Taiwan as part of its territory, and President Xi Jinping has openly mused about absorbing the island nation — by military force if necessary. Beijing has also ramped up its aggressive military operations near Taiwan in the past few years and has sent warplanes into the island’s air defense identification zone. Taiwan Defense Minister Chiu Kuo-cheng warned Monday that the island must be on alert for a “sudden entry” by the Chinese military to areas close to its territory. “(I) specifically make these comments this year, meaning they are making such preparations,” Chiu said. “Looking forward, they would use force if they really have to.” With Post wires