The 9-year-old Florida girl killed in a shooting rampage that also claimed the lives of two others, including a TV reporter, ran into her sleeping mother’s room after being struck — and shouted, “He shot me!” T’yonna Major was shot twice in the torso by 19-year-old Keith Moses, who entered the Harrington Drive home in Pine Hills near Orlando through an unlocked back door about 4 p.m. Feb. 22, police said in a new affidavit, according to CNN. Her mom, Brandi Major, awoke from her nap when T’yonna screamed, “He shot me!” Seconds later, she heard two gunshots and felt a bullet hit her arm, according to the document. The two ran to the bathroom, where Major called 911. T’yonna managed to describe the gunman to responding deputies, saying he had dreadlocks. The girl was rushed to Arnold Palmer Hospital, where she died. Earlier that day, Major had told the tragic girl to get her “dance items” ready so she could be ready when her dad arrived, Detective Brian Savelli of the Orange County Sheriff’s Office wrote in the affidavit. By the time they were shot, police had already identified Moses as the suspect in the shooting death of his acquaintance Nathacha Augustin, 38, four hours earlier. She was found lying near a car that had been driven by Moses’ cousin, according to the affidavit. Authorities previously said the cousin and Augustin had offered Moses a ride. He entered the vehicle and sat behind the woman before allegedly opening fire. And after targeting Major and her daughter, Moses went outside and attacked a Spectrum 13 news crew covering the morning shooting. Reporter Dylan Lyons, 24, was fatally shot in the chest in the front passenger seat of the station’s Ford Escape and photographer Jesse Walden was injured, according to the affidavit. Police initially said the journalists were shot before Major and her daughter. Police recovered a .40-caliber Glock handgun from Moses when they arrested him at 4:30 p.m. Moses, who has been described as a “known gang member,” initially pleaded not guilty to a charge of first-degree murder related to Augustin’s death. On Tuesday, authorities added two counts of first-degree murder, two counts of attempted first-degree murder and burglary charges. Authorities have not discovered a motive for the shootings. It was unclear if there was a connection between Moses and the mother and child.