Fresh off her musical guest appearance on “Saturday Night Live,” Kelsea Ballerini is heading right back to the road for 18 more shows. From March 6 through July 1, the country star will travel all over the country as part of her ongoing ‘Heartfirst Tour.’ The tour, which began in late 2022, had to be extended to the spring and summer due to overwhelming demand. Soon after, concerts began selling out. “WELL THIS ESCALATED QUICKLY,” Ballerini gushed on Instagram. “As if i couldn’t have been more excited to get back on the road…you’re selling these out already?! ok brb going to make the show extra special now.” This time around, she’ll be hitting the northeast when she stops into Atlantic City’s Etess Arena at Hard Rock Hotel and Casino on March 17. And if you need last-minute tickets, they’re surprisingly still available — even for the sold-out shows. Some can even be scooped up for as low as $55 before fees on Vivid Seats. Want to find the show closest to you? Or would you like to see Ballerini open for Kenny Chesney on his upcoming “I Go Back Tour?” Keep reading. We’ve got everything you need to know and more below. All prices are subject to fluctuation and were found at the time of publication. A complete calendar including all tour dates, venues and links to the cheapest tickets available for each show can be found below. (Note: The New York Post confirmed all above prices at the publication time. All prices are subject to fluctuation and include additional fees at checkout.) Vivid Seats is a verified secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand. They offer a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and your tickets will be delivered prior to the event.  There isn’t just one tour on Ballerini’s 2023 schedule. This year, she’ll also open for Kenny Chesney on his spring ‘I Go Back Tour’ from March 23 through May 27. The tour isn’t your typical Chesney trek though. Rather than hit stadiums, Chesney will hit off the beaten path venues this spring. “I decided rather than just go repeat what we did on this summer’s stadium tour, I wanted to take this band and these songs to a lot of the cities we played on our way up, call it the I Go Back Tour and do just that,” Chesney shared on Instagram. You can find his entire tour calendar here. In October 2022, the 29-year-old released her fourth record “Subject To Change.” The album mixes country, pop and dance which goes down smooth for hardcore fans and those her are just discovering her catalog with its good-natured lyrics and upbeat tempo changes. We’re partial to the second track “THE LITTLE THINGS” where Ballerini pays homage to the intangibles in a relationship that make it work like “when her partner puts a hand on her back in a crowded room” or “waiting on her in the morning with a cup of coffee.” You can hear the upbeat “Subject To Change” in its entirety here. More recently, she dropped the soul-baring, six-song EP “Rolling Up The Welcome Mat.” Both songs from her ‘SNL’ set were from this short offering. It’s also available for streaming — all you have to do is click here. Before Ballerini takes the stage, audiences will be treated to up-and-coming singer-songwriter Georgia Webster. The 20-year-old Massachusetts native first exploded onto the scene after an acoustic version of her single “Tell Your Mom” went viral on TikTok in 2020. Since then, she’s released two EPs: 2021’s “First Goodbye” and 2022’s “Chapter 1: Things We’re Not Saying.” If you want a taste of her poppy country sound, you can listen to Webster here. Ballerini performed two songs on the March 4 episode of ‘Saturday Night Live’ hosted by Kansas City Chiefs tight end Travis Kelce. First, she treated the crowd to a rousing edition of her powerful “BLINDSIDED” which can be seen below. Then, toward the end of the show, Ballerini delivered the stripped-down ballad “Penthouse.” Both songs are from Ballerini’s 2023 EP “Rolling Up The Welcome Mat.” It just might be time to start planning your annual concert calendar. Dozens of the biggest country stars are hitting the road this year and we know you won’t want to miss them. To help out, we’ve compiled a list of five of the biggest country stars on tour in 2023: • Kane Brown • Sam Hunt • Reba McEntire • Morgan Wallen • Shania Twain Want to see who else is on the road? Take a peek at our 52 biggest concert tours in 2023 here.