The family feud continues. King Charles III booted Prince Harry and Meghan Markle from Frogmore Cottage after becoming enraged by how Queen Consort Camilla was portrayed in Harry’s bombshell memoir, “Spare,” a new report claims. The monarch, 74, began proceedings to evict the Duke and Duchess of Sussex from the royal residence just one day after Harry’s headline-hitting tome hit bookshelves. In “Spare,” Harry paints Camilla as a wicked stepmother, accusing her of leaking stories to the press in a bid to boost her own image. In a “60 Minutes” interview promoting the book, the wayward royal further described Camilla as a “villain” and the third person in the marriage of his father to his mother, the late Princess Diana. On Friday, a source told the Mirror: “It was the last straw. Harry was well aware how Camilla would be a red line for his father, and he crossed with flagrant disregard anyway. “It was the ultimate act of disrespect,” the source added. In “Spare,” Harry was far from glowing in his assessment of his stepmother, who wed Charles in 2005. In one portion of the book, Harry claimed that she allegedly schemed her way into marrying the monarch. “Shortly after our private meetings with her, she began to develop her long-term strategy, a campaign directed at marriage and … the Crown (with the blessing of our father, we supposed),” the prince penned. Harry implied that Camilla was also in bed with members of the press, writing: “Stories started appearing in all the newspapers about her conversations with Willy [older brother Prince William], stories which recounted lots of small details, none of which came from my brother.” Meanwhile, in a sit-down interview for “60 Minutes” on Jan. 8, the redhead further slammed Camilla, telling journalist Anderson Cooper that he and William asked their father not to marry her. “[We] didn’t think [the marriage] was necessary,” he declared. “We thought that it was gonna cause more harm than good.” “Camilla sacrificed me on her personal PR altar,” Harry bitterly added in the interview. The five-bedroom Frogmore Cottage  — which is located just a stone’s throw from the residence of Prince William and Princess Kate — has reportedly been given to Prince Andrew. However, the disgraced Duke of York, 63, was said to be “insulted” that he was asked to vacate his home at the Royal Lodge and move into the much smaller Frogmore. Frogmore Cottage is located on the grounds of Windsor Castle and was Harry and Markle’s UK base. Charles’ coronation is set to be held on May 6, and he has given Harry a deadline to clear out the house by then.