A married Connecticut lunch lady accused of grooming a 14-year-old boy before sexually assaulting him in her SUV was tight-lipped and dismissive Thursday about the disturbing accusations. Andie Rosafort, 31, was seen outside her New Fairfield home — lugging a Walmart plastic shopping bag topped with a box of Peeps, and clutching her phone and a pack of Marlboro cigarettes as she climbed out of an SUV. She refused to answer questions about the reported inappropriate relationship with a student at New Fairfield High School. Wearing white sneakers, blue jeans, and a green sweatshirt, Rosafor only flashed a little grin when asked to comment on her situation. The school district filed a report against Rosafort after the father of one of the victim’s friends told administrators the boy was sexually assaulted at a party Jan. 13, according to an affidavit obtained by WTNH. According to the police affidavit, a student at the high school claimed Rosafort was always talking to freshman boys on social media, and allegedly approached the victim via Instagram and Snapchat. The victim told police he got a message from her on social media saying, ‘You want to see something?” before Rosafort sent a nude photograph of herself to him. When the victim asked if she sent it by mistake, he said she responded by sending a second nude picture of herself, according to the affidavit. The boy added that she then asked for a naked picture of him, with Rosafort allegedly sending multiple naked photographs and videos of herself. Rosafort would also attend the victim’s sporting events and send him videos of his plays, according to the affidavit. On the night of Jan. 13, police said Rosafort picked up the victim from a party at a friend’s home and had “contact of a sexual nature” with the minor. Police said they used photo locations to confirm the victim and Rosafort were in the same place at the time of the alleged assault. A friend of the victim said he appeared uncomfortable after he returned — and that they were helping block Rosafort on social media. Through their investigation, police said, they found explicit content in the teen’s phone of a woman they identified as Rosafort, as well as a shirtless picture of the victim in the lunch lady’s phone. Rosafort turned herself in Feb. 20 after police put out a warrant for her arrest. She faces three felony charges, including second-degree sexual assault, enticing a minor by computer to engage in sexual activity and risk of injury to a minor or impairing morals of children. She was released on $100,000 bond and will next appear in court March 23.