A 25-year-old migrant who posed as a minor to illegally cross the border was sentenced to 60 years for killing the father of four who took him in. Yery Noel Medina Ulloa of Honduras pleaded guilty Friday in Florida to stabbing Francisco Javier Cuellar, 46, to death in 2021 — days after the Florida man took the illegal migrant into his care. “As we have seen time and time again, the federal government’s failure to secure our nation’s border has led to a travesty in a local community,” State Attorney Melissa Nelson said in a statement. “This time, tragically, it was our community after an illegal alien murdered an innocent man. This 60-year sentence, however, ensures Medina Ulloa will never be able to harm another law-abiding citizen.” Cops said they found Medina Ulloa was living in Cuellar’s Jacksonville home after duping border authorities into believing he was 17 years old. The migrant had been nabbed at the southern border after travelling from Honduras, but was allowed to stay in the US after giving agents a fake name and claiming he was seven years younger than he actually was.  Federal policy mandates unaccompanied minors be placed in shelters rather than be turned away. Cuellar then took Medina Ulloa into the Florida home he shared with his four children and gave him a job at the family store, though it’s not clear why the citizen took Medina Ulloa into his home. Border police didn’t uncover Medina Ulloa’s ruse until a week after he slaughtered Cuellar, a man he told his mother treated him “like a son.” Cops nabbed the illegal migrant after they found him wandering near a lake and covered in blood, with a trail of blood leading to Cuellar’s body in his living room. The then-24-year-old was caught on camera stabbing Cuellar “numerous times and repeatedly hitting him with a chair,” local police said. Medina Ulloa called his mother in tears, repeatedly crying, “I killed him. I killed him.” He even called a friend to confess and even texted “that he had ‘killed Uncle Francisco.'” Cuellar’s daughter, MaryCarmen, then-18, told The Post she knew little about Medina Ulloa — but believes he was on one of the controversial flights the Biden administration secretly used to resettle underage immigrants. “My dad told me one day he was going to the airport, and then this guy came out of nowhere and was at work the next day,” she told. “I didn’t really ask questions.”