A Florida woman who shocked the internet last month when she claimed she married her stepdad has changed her love story. Newlywed Christy, who goes by the username @Christywho_, posted a TikTok video on Feb. 27 of an impassioned kiss with her new husband at their Las Vegas nuptials. “Marrying my stepdad was the best decision I’ve ever made,” the blushing bride captioned the clip, along with #marryyourmomsex and #agegap. The stunning video quickly went viral with 23 million views and thousands of disapproving comments. The woman is now sharing the couple’s “real story,” which she acknowledges is “not as interesting.” The Post reached out to Christy for comment. The initial six-second clip caused quite a stir as people struggled with the idea of marrying one’s stepdad. “I don’t think I can come up with a situation where this happens and there’s no ick,” one disgusted commenter wrote. “There’s 7 billion people in the world. Why?” asked another naysayer. “He really went from ‘dad’ to ‘daddy‘ didn’t he,” joked one viewer. “There should never be a man that can say ‘that’s not how your momma did it,’” offered another doubter. Days later, the mother of two uploaded another TikTok video to “clear some things up.” She quickly answered some of the top inquiries she received about the questionable relationship. “Was I groomed? No. Did my stepdad raise me? No. Was I a minor when I met him? No. Do me and my mom still talk? Yes. Did he have kids with my mom? No,” the text over the video reads. However, Christy shifts gears in a third TikTok that promises the “real story.” She says her older brother, Shaun Christopher Harris, tragically died in a motorcycle crash. Christy recalled becoming “inseparable” from his best friend as they bonded over their devastating loss. The couple eventually fell in love and began their own family, welcoming daughter Kali Shine and son Kash Christopher — both named after Shaun, Christy said. “Not as interesting as the other story but now y’all can leave my kids and brother alone,” Christy captioned the March 2 video, which has attracted more than 267,000 views. “He is NOT her step-dad. it was a JOKE that unexpectedly went viral,” one viewer commented on that video. “Didn’t expect the video to blow up as much as it did,” Christy responded.