For the third time in eight years, St. John’s is in search of a new coach, emblematic of this scuffling program. The school has opted to part ways with coach Mike Anderson after four seasons without an NCAA Tournament berth or a 20-win season. “After fully evaluating the men’s basketball program, our University has decided a change is needed in both the leadership and direction of St. John’s Basketball,” St. John’s AD Mike Cragg said. “We wish Coach Mike Anderson and his family the best in their future.” Anderson had four years and $10 million left on his contract, but the school saw enough after back-to-back dismal years that began with high expectations. Associate head coach Van Macon takes over for now. According to sources, there is mutual interest between St. John’s and Iona University coach Rick Pitino. St. John’s president Fr. Brian Shanley nearly hired Pitino at Providence 12 years ago when he was in charge there. Hofstra’s Speedy Claxton, Robert Jones of Norfolk State and Matt Langel of Colgate are other potential candidates for the job, young lower-level coaches with upside. Anderson was a surprise hire four years ago, after Chris Mullin’s dismissal. He had never coached in the northeast before, and was coming off a disappointing stint at Arkansas. Whoever takes the job will have a lot of work to do. St. John’s last won an NCAA Tournament game in 2000. It hasn’t reached the main draw of the tournament since 2015. Its facilities are among the worst in the Big East. It does have two quality recruits signed: Four star forward Brandon Gardner and junior college All-American Yaxel Lendeborg. The Johnnies season came to a close on Thursday, in a narrow overtime loss to sixth-ranked Marquette that featured many of the same issues that had plagued them throughout the 63-year-old Anderson’s tenure: A disorganized half-court offense and lack of discipline at both ends of the floor. It committed 22 turnovers in the Big East Tournament quarterfinal game and shot under 20 percent over the final 25 minutes. While center Joel Soriano took a massive leap this season as an All-Big East second team selection, arguably the team’s three most talented players – Posh Alexander, David Jones and Andre Curbelo – took steps back. St. John’s wasn’t nationally ranked once under Anderson. It set a Carnesecca Arena/Alumni Hall record for allowing the most points in regulation in a 96-83 loss to Marquette on Jan. 3 and it produced its fewest points in a home league in a decade when it managed just 49 points in a defeat at the Garden to Villanova on Jan. 20. In October, Anderson talked big about this team, believing it was his most talented group while at St. John’s. That didn’t translate, however. St. John’s finished eighth in the Big East with its worst NET ranking (98) under his watch and a 2-14 record in Quad 1 and 2 games. Over Anderson’s final two seasons, St. John’s went 3-22 in Quad 1 games and 2-14 against ranked opponents. It was a stark contrast to his first two seasons, in which he got more out of less. Anderson received a contract extension after leading St. John’s to a fourth-place finish in his second season. He was named the Big East Coach of the Year that March. The previous season, St. John’s looked to be surging when the COVID-19 pandemic canceled the postseason after an opening-round win over Georgetown. But these last two seasons, the results weren’t there despite more talent. The intense, pressure defense that was supposed to be the trademark of Anderson’s teams was far less consistent. The press made less of an impact. The offense was frequently without direction, devolving into unorganized one-on-one play. Ultimately, St. John’s decided it was time for a change, hoping the next coach can return this wayward program to national relevance. That didn’t seem like it would happen with Anderson as its coach.