Georgia star defensive lineman Jalen Carter was racing and driving recklessly in the crash that killed one of his teammates and a team staffer, police say. Police issued arrest warrants Wednesday for the top 2023 NFL Draft prospect, who is currently at the NFL Scouting Combine in Indianapolis, in connection with the Jan. 15 crash. Carter was driving a 2021 Jeep Trackhawk “in a manner consistent with racing” the morning that Georgia player Devin Willock and recruiting analyst Chandler LeCroy died, according to an investigation by Athens-Clarke County Police. “The evidence demonstrated that both vehicles switched between lanes, drove in the center turn lane, drove in opposite lanes of travel, overtook other motorists, and drove at high rates of speed, in an apparent attempt to outdistance each other,” the Athens-Clarke County Police Department said in a release Wednesday morning. “Evidence indicated that shortly before the crash the Expedition was traveling at about 104 miles per hour.” An Atlanta Journal-Constitution report on Wednesday said Carter, 21, told police he was about a mile away from the crash, and then later said he was following the car that had crashed. Carter then told police, per the report, that he was alongside the other car. The report said Carter left the crash scene and returned 90 minutes later. Carter was scheduled to speak to reporters in Indianapolis on Wednesday morning, though that was canceled once news of the arrest warrants broke. He issued a statement on Twitter Wednesday afternoon. “It is my intention to return to Athens to answer the misdemeanor charges against me and to make certain that the complete and accurate truth is presented,” Carter wrote. “There is no question in my mind that when all of the facts are known that I will be fully exonerated of any criminal wrongdoing.” Carter’s reps told Athens-Clarke police they were “making arrangements for [Carter] to turn himself in,” department spokesperson Shaun Barnett told ABC News. Georgia head coach Kirby Smart said in a statement the charges were “deeply concerning, especially as we are still struggling to cope with the devastating loss of two beloved members of our community. “We will continue to cooperate fully with the authorities while supporting these families and assessing what we can learn from this horrible tragedy,” Smart added.