On March 19, Adam Sandler will become the 24th recipient of the Mark Twain Prize for American Humor at Washington, D.C.’s Kennedy Center Concert Hall. The star-studded affair will feature appearances from key Sandler collaborators like Jennifer Aniston, Drew Barrymore, Chris Rock, Conan O’Brien and Steve Buscemi. Rather than relax after his major achievement, the “Hustle” star will continue to hustle. Sandler, 56, just announced that he’s extending his ongoing ‘Adam Sandler Live Tour’ with seven additional arena shows from April 13-21. “One more week of fun? Let’s do it!” the funnyman shared on Instagram. Over the course of the week of fun, Sandler will be stopping into Newark’s Prudential Center on April 13 and Buffalo’s KeyBank Center on April 16. And for those who can’t wait to see the “Billy Madison” and “Uncut Gems” star live this April, we’re happy to report you can scoop up tickets as early as today. Although inventory isn’t available on Ticketmaster until Friday, March 3, fans who want to ensure they have tickets ahead of time can purchase on sites like Vivid Seats before tickets are officially on sale. Vivid Seats is a secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand. They have a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and will be delivered before the event.  A complete calendar including all upcoming tour dates, venues and links to buy tickets can be found below. All shows are for ages 16 and up.  As noted earlier, Sandler is being awarded with the prestigious Mark Twain Prize for American Humor. Best of all, tickets are available to the one-night-only celebration of all things Sandler. At the time of publication, tickets can be grabbed for $309 before fees on Vivid Seats. All prices are subject to fluctuation. In addition to Aniston, Barrymore, Rock, O’Brien and Buscemi, Judd Apatow and David Spade are also set to appear according to The Kennedy Center. The annual event has recognized comedy luminaries like Steve Martin, Jon Stewart, Tina Fey, Eddie Murphy and Jay Leno in years past.  At each and every show, Sandler promises surprise guests. After combing through past show records, we’ve found out just who these secretive stars are. Here’s everyone we’ve spotted performing with Sandler on tour since 2022: Chris Rock (“The Week Of” Kevin James (“I Now Pronounce You Chuck and Larry”) Woody Harrelson (“Anger Management”) Bobcat Goldthwait (“Shakes The Clown) Rob Schneider (“The Waterboy”) Judd Apatow (“Funny People”) Nick Swardson (“Just Go With It”) David Spade (“Grown Ups”) Dan Patrick (“Hubie Halloween”) Sarah Sherman (“Saturday Night Live”) No word yet on who will take the stage with Sandler at his upcoming gigs but any of the above are certainly possible candidates.  Sandler always has a few irons in the fire. Here’s what’s coming next for the prolific comedian. “Murder Mystery 2” (2023): The sequel to the hit 2019 caper co-starring Jennifer Aniston filmed in Hawaii, and Paris, France,. Although no plot details have been released, an entire cast list has. Joining Sandler and Aniston this time around are Mark Strong (“Zero Dark Thirty”), Melanie Laurent (“Inglourious Basterds”), and Jodie Turner-Smith (“Queen & Slim”). An action-packed trailer can be seen here. “Leo” (2023): Sandler stars alongside Heidi Gardner (“Saturday Night Live”) and Stephanie Hsu (“Everything Everywhere All At Once”) in this animated film about a 74-year-old lizard who, along with his turtle friend, escape from the terrarium of a Florida school classroom they’ve been living in for decades. Jason Alexander, Bill Burr, Cecily Strong, Robert Smigel and Jo Koy round out the voice cast. “Spaceman” (2023): Based on the 2017 sci-fi novel “Spaceman of Bohemia,” the book follows the Czech Republic’s first independent astronaut. Sent on a dangerous solo mission, he leaves his wife behind and befriends a giant arachnid. No word on how closely the movie follows the original storyline. Paul Dano (“The Batman”), Carey Mulligan (“Promising Young Woman”), and Isabella Rossellini (“Blue Velvet”) co-star “You Are So Not Invited to My Bat Mitzvah” (TBD): Adapted from Fiona Rosembloom’s 2005 Young Adult text, “YASNITMBM” centers around 13-year-old Stacey preparing for her titular Bat Mitzvah. Everything falls apart when she discovers her best friend locking lips with her crush. His family will join Sandler for this one; his wife Jackie and daughters Sadie and Sunny are all attached to the project. Plus, Sandler has untitled Safdie Brothers and Noah Baumbach project in the works. Plot details are under wraps for both projects; Brad Pitt is confirmed to star with Sandler in the Baumbach Netflix film according to the New York Post. If you’ve made it this far, we’re going to go out on a limb and guess you’re a comedy fan. Luckily, so are we. Here’s just five huge comedy tours we can’t wait for this year. • Kevin James • Steve Martin and Martin Short • Tina Fey and Amy Poehler • Kevin Hart • Jerry Seinfeld Want more? Check out our list of the 51 biggest comedians on tour in 2023 here. Also, make sure to take a look at our roundup of every single ‘SNL’ cast member from the show’s history that’s on the road this year as well.