Jamie Lee Curtis had the crowd loudly cheering when she won her first Oscar — everyone except Angela Bassett. Bassett, 64, and Curtis, 64, were both nominated for the Oscar for Best Supporting Actress for their roles in “Black Panther: Wakanda Forever” and “Everything Everywhere All at Once,” respectively. When it was announced that Curtis won, Bassett seemed less than thrilled — and, as seen in ABC’s telecast, seemingly didn’t even stand up to clap while seated in the front row. Some Twitter users were disappointed to see the “Black Panther” star sit through the applause for Curtis while others were just disappointed Bassett didn’t win. “Angela Bassett’s reaction hurts me,” one person said. “Regardless of who won that Oscar … Angela Bassett could have clapped for the winner. To just sit there and not clap because you didn’t win …” someone said. “Dayumm #AngelaBassett it’s ok. It called losing gracefully. Sitting with a scowl all pissed,” one person tweeted. “Angela Bassett not standing up for Jamie Lee Curtis is kinda shady. I get you’re upset for not winning but damn …” another wrote. The Post has reached out to reps for both Bassett and Curtis for comment. Some fans were just upset over Bassett’s upset. “You’re telling me that corny ass Performance from Jaime lee curtis was better than this piece of Art Angela Bassett delivered?” one wrote. Follow The Post’s Oscars 2023 live coverage “Angela Bassett did the thing and she still gets SNUBBED?” another added. “Angela Bassett’s reaction to Jamie Lee Curtis’ name being called … you can tell how much that Oscar would have meant to her. she is, was, and always will be incredible. I better see her on that stage SOON,” chimed in another. Bassett was the first person to be nominated for an Oscar from a Marvel movie. Earlier in the night, Bassett, who was first nominated for an Oscar in 1994 for “What’s Love Got to Do With It,” told Entertainment Tonight that she was “feeling pretty good.” Wearing a purple Moschino gown, Bassett was joined by her husband, Courtney B. Vance, and their 17-year-old twins, Bronwyn and Slater, who said they hoped their mom won. “I just I think it’s long overdue and I really want to see her be honored the way that I know she should be,” Slater said. “And so this will mean a lot to me, and I know it’ll mean even more to her, so, I’m waiting and I’m ready for it.” Her children weren’t the only ones supporting her, either. When presenters Michael B. Jordan and Jonathan Majors took the stage to hand out the award for best cinematography, they honored Bassett. “Hey Auntie,” Jordan said, which was a reference to 2018’s “Black Panther.” “We love you,” Majors added.