Dayton, Ohio, is a perfectly lovely city, and it is an excellent basketball town. Dayton’s favorite team, the Flyers, representing the university bearing the city’s name, boast fans who are among the most devoted in all of college basketball. “Basketball is like a religion there,” Obi Toppin, proud son of Dayton, said a few years ago. “It’s amazing to see.” Funny thing, though. This time of the year, you say the word “Dayton” and it has a patently pejorative connotation. Dayton is where the first two days of the NCAA Tournament takes place. In recent years, the NCAA has taken care to rebrand these games as the “first round.” Everyone else uses a different term. “Play-in.” And nobody wants to be in the play-in. Half of the four teams who will play at Dayton Arena on Tuesday and Wednesday are 11 seeds who are really mad to be there because they feel they are reluctant invites to the dance. And the other four, all 16 seeds, are mad because nobody likes the designation of being a 16 seed. Which is why it’s refreshing to hear these words from Tobin Anderson. “We’re excited about going to Dayton,” the coach of the Fairleigh Dickinson Knights said early Sunday afternoon, a few hours before he and his team would learn the particulars of their NCAA Tournament destination. “We can’t wait to get there and compete.” Now, on one hand it’s perfectly understandable why Anderson would feel that way. The Knights finished second to Merrimack in the Northeast Conference. They lost to the Warriors in the NEC Tournament final. But Merrimack was finishing out a four-year “transition” period from Division II to Division I, and thus was ineligible for the NCAA. So FDU is a bit fortunate to be playing at all. But it’s more than that. These four first-round games are the only games played on Tuesday and Wednesday nights, so if you want your basketball fix you’re going to see “Fairleigh Dickinson” for two straight hours Wednesday, when they play Texas Southern. Also, it is incalculably valuable for a program like Fairleigh to win an NCAA Tournament game, which they have never done in six previous trips to the tournament, five times as a 16 seed. In 1985, the first year of the 64-team field and the first year of the 1-16 matchup, FDU threw a huge scare into Michigan, leading by six at the half before falling 59-55. This gives them an excellent chance to do that. “After that, if we’re fortunate enough to win, we’ll worry about the big boys,” Anderson said, and for the Knights that would mean a date with Purdue, the No. 1 seed in the East. “But the experience of playing in a game, in front of a lot of eyeballs, with a fair chance to win? You just can’t ask for anything more than that.” There is a wonderful irony to all of this. Merrimack may have had to wait four years to prove that it was officially ready to make the switch from DII to DI. But the key members of FDU were able to prove it right away. There is Anderson, who built a powerhouse at St. Thomas Aquinas College in Sparkill, going 209-62 there in nine years with three trips to the DII Sweet 16 and one to the Elite Eight (and whose 2015-16 team walked into Alumni Hall in early November and blew the doors off St. John’s in an exhibition game, 90-58). And he brought his two best players with him from STAC — 5-foot-8 guard Demetre Roberts (16.7 points, 4.3 assists) and 5-9 guard Grant Singleton (14.3 ppg). Sean Moore, a 6-4 guard also made the switch from Sparkill to Teaneck. The Knights started playing well almost right away, going to Loyola Chicago for their opener and losing in OT only after the Ramblers miraculously tied the game at the regulation buzzer by recreating the famous Christian Laettner play. They went to Saint Joseph’s and stomped the Atlantic-10 Hawks. They were a firm No. 2 behind Merrimack all year, and clinched their bid by beating St. Francis (Pa.) in the NEC semis. It allowed for a house-money game against Merrimack. “In some ways it really was perfect for us,” Anderson said. “We played well enough to win, led most of the game. But it’s also given us a sense that there’s some unfinished business for our guys. We want to make that right in the NCAA.” They’ll get their shot. And they’ll take their shot. “We’ve become a really good team,” Anderson said. “We’re not a fluke. Our guys believe they can compete with anyone.” Wednesday they’ll get their shot, against Texas Southern. In Dayton. For the Knights, the First Four will feel like the Final Four. Nobody else might be thrilled about being there. But they sure will be. Location: Teaneck, N.J. Enrollment: 6.913 undergraduates (10,000 total) Coach: Tobin Anderson (1st season) Last NCAA appearance: 2019 NCAA tournament history: Six appearances, 1-6 How they got here: After winning just four games last year, FDU went into the Division II ranks for its next coach and enjoyed a remarkable turnaround. Anderson brought his backcourt of Demetre Roberts and Grant Singleton with him from St. Thomas Aquinas, and they thrived in the NEC. After starting poorly, with six losses in their first nine games, the Knights went 16-9 the rest of the way and punched their ticket with an NEC Tournament semifinal victory over St. Francis (Pa.). It was the de facto title game, since Merrimack, which beat FDU in the final, wasn’t eligible under NCAA rules as it is still transitioning to the Division I level. F Ansley Almonor (13.9 ppg, 4.7 rpg, 1.5 apg) F Sean Moore (6.6 ppg, 4.5 rpg, 1.0 apg) G Joe Munden Jr. (10.4 ppg, 4.9 rpg, 1.1 apg) G Demetre Roberts (16.7 ppg, 4.3 apg, 3.0 rpg) G Grant Singleton (14.3 ppg, 3.6 rpg, 3.3 apg) G Heru Bligen (7.9 ppg, 3.6 rpg, 0.6 apg) F Jo’el Emanuel (3.5 ppg, 2.5 rpg, 1.1 apg) G Brayden Reynolds (1.6 ppg, 1.0 apg, 0.9 rpg) F Cameron Tweedy (3.3 ppg, 2.4 rpg, 0.5 apg) Player to watch: The 5-foot-8 Roberts is FDU’s leader in scoring and assists, and rebounds well for a small guard. He was an All-NEC first-team selection in his fifth year of college basketball, the first four coming at Division II St. Thomas Aquinas. 1.9: Blocks per game, ranking 330th in the nation 15: Difference in wins from last year to this year 91.5: Singleton’s free-throw percentage 6: Players from New York or New Jersey