We’re here to report the least surprising news in baseball: Dave Roberts’ Dodgers look poised for greatness yet again this season. With returning stars Mookie Betts, Freddie Freeman, Clayton Kershaw, Max Muncy and Julio Urías in tow along with exciting free-agent signees Noah Syndergaard, J.D. Martinez and trade acquisition Miguel Rojas now aboard,  it’s clear this team has a boatload of talent. And with so many of the game’s most elite players sharing one diamond, one might think fans would have to drop serious coin to see the team compete at Dodger Stadium. It’s actually quite the contrary. At the time of publication, we found some tickets going for as low as $21 before fees on Vivid Seats. That’s a steal considering you’re likely to see a few potential Hall of Famers on any given day at the ballpark. Plus, you might even snag a Freddie Freeman or Mookie Betts bobblehead in the process. So, if you want to root the Dodgers on to what would be their 10th NL West championship in 11 seasons at their home field this year, here’s everything you need to know. A complete calendar including dates, start times, opponents and cheapest tickets available for all Dodgers home games can be found below.  A complete calendar of all home and away games can be found here. (Note: The New York Post confirmed all above prices at the publication time. All prices are subject to fluctuation and include additional fees at checkout.) Vivid Seats is a verified secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand. They offer a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and your tickets will be delivered prior to the event. Prefer to catch Kershaw and Betts from the comfort of your own home? We don’t blame you. If that’s the case, you’ll need to flip to Spectrum SportsNet LA, the regional sports network for the Dodgers. It’s also likely that high-profile games will be broadcast on ESPN, TBS or Fox — make sure to check your local listings. In the event you’re out of the Los Angeles market and want to see the team, your best bet may be MLB.tv. Although they make a lot of noise during the regular season, the Dodgers had a relatively quiet winter. If you want to catch up on team news like Gavin Lux’s gruesome Spring Training injury, Trevor Bauer’s release from the squad and the team’s trade for Miguel Rojas, we’ve got everything you need. All you have to do is check out the NY Post’s coverage of the Los Angeles Dodgers here. Need a day outside the ballpark and want to just jam out? We’ve got you covered there too. Here are just five of the biggest acts you won’t want to miss live over the next few months. • Bruce Springsteen and the E Street Band • Metallica • Guns N’ Roses • Blink 182 • Billy Joel with Stevie Nicks Still need more options? Check out our list of the 52 biggest concert tours in 2023 here.