This summer, we’re headed to the outskirts. That’s because major country star Sam Hunt just announced his 27-concert ‘Summer On The Outskirts Tour’ that will send him to theaters, casinos, arts centers, festivals and, of course, the outskirts. On the March through September run, Hunt will make multiple NYC and N.J. stops. First, he’ll drop into Atlantic City’s Etess Arena at Hard Rock Hotel and Casino on May 26. Later, Hunt has mapped out Holmdel’s PNC Bank Arts Center (July 8), Wantagh’s Northwell Health at Jones Beach Theater (July 14), Darien’s Darien Lake Theme Park (July 15), Bethel’s Bethel Woods Center For The Arts (Aug. 24) and Syracuses St. Josephs Health Amphitheater at Lakeview (Aug. 25) on his tour calendar. And if you want to join Hunt on the outskirts, you can guarantee that happens by grabbing tickets as early as today. Although inventory isn’t available on Ticketmaster until Friday, March 10, fans who want to ensure they have tickets ahead of time can purchase on sites like Vivid Seats before tickets are officially on sale. Vivid Seats is a secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand. They have a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and will be delivered before the event. Prior to the ‘Summer on the Outskirts Tour’ official start date, Hunt will play a few one-off shows and festivals. That includes gigs in Nashville (March 10) and Las Vegas (April 21 and April 22). The actual tour kicks off July 6 at Hartford, CT’s Xfinity Theatre. Notable stops from there include Charlotte (July 22), Oklahoma City (Aug. 5), Dallas (Aug. 19), Boston (Aug. 26) and Tampa (Sept. 7). ‘Summer on the Outskirts’ comes to a close on Sept. 9 at Raleigh, NC’s Coastal Credit Union Music Park at Walnut Creek. A complete calendar including all tour dates, venues, show start times and links to buy tickets can be found here. It wouldn’t be a Sam Hunt summer with a few festival dates on his tour itinerary. To keep things simple, we’ve listed all upcoming festival appearances, dates, venues and fellow headliners below. Although Hunt hasn’t put out an album since 2020’s “Southside,” he has stayed active these past few years. In 2021, he dropped the wistful, nostalgic “23” which hit Number One on the Billboard Country Airplay chart hits. That single is just one of nine number ones under Hunt’s belt. His 2022 hit “Water Under The Bridge” also landed a top spot atop the charts. We’re also partial to his recent releases “Start Nowhere” from 2022 and this year’s reflective “Walmart.” Hunt is aware of his limited output too. “I know I don’t put out as much music as often as a lot of the artists y’all listen to but I really appreciate you guys tuning in when I do,” he shared on Instagram. On the official tour, Hunt will be bringing along two fellow country stars with him. To get you up to speed, we’ve listed both acts below along with their most-streamed song on Spotify. Brett Young: “In Case You Didn’t Know” (462 million streams) Lily Rose: “Villain” (37 million streams) In case you weren’t paying attention, we’re here to report that many of the biggest names in country are on the road this year. Here are just five of our favorite acts you won’t want to miss in the next few months. • George Strait with Chris Stapleton • Kelsea Ballerini • Luke Combs • Morgan Wallen • Kane Brown Need even more music in your life? Check out our list of the 52 biggest concert tours in 2023 here.