Joaquin Phoenix has become a book whisperer. Usually a low-profile type, he’s opened his mouth for Joel Thurm. He’s even prodded this guy to immortalize certain experiences in Thurm’s new book, “Sex, Drugs and Pilot Season: Confessions of a Casting Director.” Why? Because he says this man had encouraged Phoenix’s mother, Heart — Thurm’s secretary five years — to pursue the specialness of her kids: River, Rain, Leaf (Joaquin), Liberty and Summer — and to do something truly special. Why? Because he understood they were something truly special. Joaquin: “Joel Thurm was instrumental and helpful at the start of our careers. We wouldn’t be where we are without him. Through the years I’ve heard his stories and encouraged him to write a book. Now everyone can enjoy his wild remembrances in ‘Sex, Drugs and Pilot Season.’” Meanwhile, in his spare time, Joaquin has become affianced to Rooney Mara. Forget Oscars. I mean, most people will. Instead, comes the 3,000th other who cares — the Critics Choice Super Awards on the 16th. Host this powerful show collared? Who knows. Probably Casper the Ghost. Maybe Clark Kent. “The Batman” grabbed six nominations including Best Superhero Movie. Robert Pattinson, Paul Dano, Colin Farrell nailed nods for Best Actor in a Superhero Movie. Zoë Kravitz is up for Best Actress. Paul Dano for Best Villain. Best Action Movie includes Brad Pitt’s “Bullet Train,” Indian kickfest “RRR,” Tom cruising in “Top Gun: Maverick,” “The Woman King” and some Nic Cage thing starring Nic Cage as Nic Cage in “The Unbearable Weight of Massive Talent,” which is Nic Cage. Things you maybe never knew: Clinton told Variety that his wife — as a young girl — wrote NASA to ask how to become an astronaut . . . St. Andrews female students kept tabs on fellow student Prince William with a text network. Coded phone messages went out within seconds informing girls of his movements . . . Angela Bassett was once a US News & World Report photo researcher . . . In his yearbook Tom Cruise was listed under “least likely to succeed.” The Entertainment Community Fund, formerly the Actors Fund, just renamed its boardroom office to honor B’way’s late giant James M. Nederlander. 2002 they awarded him the Medal of Honor. Jimmy owned nine B’way theaters such as Marriott Marquis, the Nederlander, the Palace bought in ’65 for $1.4 mil — plus others in London, Detroit, plus LA’s legendary Pantages. He was involved with “The Iceman Cometh,” “Annie,” “Sweet Charity,” “Come Fly Away.” Over 100 shows. Board chairman Brian Stokes Mitchell: “Our upcoming 25th anniversary concert [celebrating ‘Ragtime’] will be in his Minskoff Theatre.” Me, I miss this friend whom I loved dearly. Today, the day to honor those of my sex, dredges up this JFK gem. Back when women’s libbers were demonstrating outside the White House one blond cried out, “Free Women!” The Prez hollered back: “Great idea! Do you deliver?”