She felt the heat. “Wheel of Fortune” fans were astounded by a player’s unfortunate puzzle-solving skills that prevented her from winning life-changing money on Friday’s episode of the long-running game show. Contestant Micki was only three letters away from completing a puzzle in the “Thing” category — and she had already landed on the $1 million wedge, as well as a vacation to Croatia. The Louisiana native had the live studio audience’s support as she was instructed by longtime host Pat Sajak to pick another letter. The board read: “A ROARING FIRE IN THE FIRE _ _ A _ E.” The unsolved word was “FIREPLACE.” But Micki audibly disappointed the live studio audience when she asked Sajak to put an “S” on the board, which sounded off the incorrect-answer buzzer. “You got the reaction. No ‘S,’ I’m sorry,” Sajak said of the crowd’s dismay. Micki’s mess-up had one “Wheel” fan wondering on Twitter whether hers was better or worse than other recent blunders. “Wheel of Fortune poll…Worse flub in recent memory…” one user surveyed the internet, referring to an incorrect guess during Teen Week. “A) Fregh…B) Fireplace… I’d go B since it changed the entire game.” On that episode, contestant Khushi was one letter away from a trip to Antigua when she incorrectly solved the board that read “FRE_H TROPICAL FRUIT.” Twitter users accused the teen of “zoning out” and missing the seemingly obvious “FRESH.” “The fregh tropical fruit one also changed the game. It was a prize puzzle, so she also missed out on a vacation,” another fan replied. A contestant can compete for $1 million in the bonus round if they land on the $1 million wedge during regular game play, solve the puzzle and win the game. That amount is placed in one of the bonus round envelopes. The show’s official TikTok page revealed last week that only three contestants have ever won the $1 million prize. The current version of the series has aired since 1983. Also last week, “Wheel” fans roasted a contestant for her lack of knowledge of cheesy bagel toppings.