For adults, sacred time may involve a self-care skincare face mask and a trip to Starbucks. For two-year-olds, that cherished time is most definitely playtime. The two-year-old age group – may we say — is one of the cutest. A toddler is typically growing more curious by the day, with interests beginning to form. “Two-year-olds are constantly watching, gathering and organizing knowledge about their world through exploration,” Alice Cady, EdM, an eight-year classroom teacher of two and three-year-olds told the New York Post. She has an education doctorate degree from the University of Buffalo’s Early Childhood Research Center, with a focus on computational thinking in early childhood. “Vocabulary often blooms, but toddlers are still very ‘body forward,’ so integrating gesture gives them more opportunities to effectively communicate their needs and ideas.” To offer a well-researched view of the two-year-old age group, we outlined an in-depth FAQ section featuring expertise from three child development experts in the psychology and playtime space and four real-life mothers of two-year-olds. New York Post Shopping also rounded up the 75 best gifts and toys for two-year-olds below, classified by specific categories to make your shopping experience as streamlined and well-recommended as can be: “My kids play for hours with this kitchen,” Christine Giardina, mother to two-year-old daughter, Julianna, and a one-year-old daughter, Olivia, told The Post. “They pretend to cook and bake and love storing food in the fridge!” Gina Dill, mother to a two-year-old daughter, Izzy, also shares that this pretend kitchen is a hit. “We love this kitchen (it was a hand-me-down) but very solid and great quality,” she adds. “[My daughter] spends a lot of time with the different food to create recipes and make different meals.” According to Giardina, she recommends “literally anything from Melissa & Doug — they’re geniuses.” For a top-rated toy with more than 16,000 rave reviews, the brand’s Deluxe Pounding Bench with Mallet is great for helping your little one develop fine motor skills while also learning about colors, thanks to the included wooden pegs. “My kids love to make ice cream cones and pretend to feed them to their stuffed animals — and each other!” Giardina notes. Not to mention, it’s a hit with another mom of a two-year-old. “This cart has been a fan favorite for over a year,” Dill adds. “Starting with simply playing with the ice cream, to actually using the cards to put together ice cream cones, it’s a great interactive toy.” Whether you’re shopping for a two-year-old boy or a two-year-old girl, everyone needs a full-station toy kitchen in their playroom. “The toy kitchen was a gift from his grandparents over the holidays,” Greenhouse shares. “We noticed that was what he was gravitating towards in school and at friends’ homes. He plays with it and makes meals, understands utensils (fork and knife) and now in my kitchen can relay when something is cold or hot — so, for example, he knows to not touch the oven and that the stove is HOT, HOT, HOT!” “While I bought these for my infant son, it’s my 2-year-old who loves them!” Jessica Ventre, mother of a two-year-old daughter, Emma, and 6-month-old son, Jack, told The Post. “The tubes stretch and make fun sounds. She loves to connect them to make one long pop tube chain.” What’s more, this bundle is an official Amazon best-seller and backed by more than 16,000 rave reviews. For less than $20, gift a two-year-old with these fun and ergonomic dot markers. “Whether she uses these with dot paper coloring pages or a blank paper, it’s always a good time,” Ventre notes. “They’re a great way to encourage creativity and motor skills without making a big mess.” To allow your two-year-old to create their own world of sorts, a teepee tent is a wonderful addition to a playroom (and, doubles as an Instagram-worthy decor piece for your little one’s play area). “This is a very basic tent, but she loves to play in it, using it as a place to hide or pretend it’s her house,” Dill adds. If you’re looking for an affordable, artistic-leaning activity for your child to play with (and grow to love), the Melissa & Doug On the Go Water Wow! Reusable Water-Reveal Activity Pad fits the bill. “These are so awesome to bring to restaurants to keep the kids busy,” Giardina recommends. “They love to paint, and its mess-free!” For an outdoor toy that’s great for any age — especially your curious two-year-old — the Chalk City Jumbo Sidewalk Chalk is the perfect, $10 grab. Giardina loves using a kit like this to play with her two daughters once the warm weather approaches. “We use this sandbox and some additional sand toys for fun in the backyard,” Giardina shares. “We’d often play with it as we dry off from the pool.” Not to mention, the crab-designed exterior keeps outdoor play fun and unique, while its durable, bucket-style container for sand helps prevent spills. “This was a great purchase — it’s easy, fun and entertaining when it’s nice outside,” Greenhouse shares. “My son doesn’t fully understand the game, but he has fun with his friends throwing the ball in the hoop.” Additionally, this Amazon best-seller is backed by nearly 43,000 rave reviews and helps with eye-hand coordination. “We have a pool in our yard, but we bought this for some extra fun,” Greenhouse says. “Not everyone his age feels comfortable in the water (my son thinks he’s Michael Phelps, so we use this a lot when we have his friends over. They run across the splash pad on the grass and also ask for the water to go up and down and “more,” which was also one of his first words!” Plus, this $20 buy has more than 10,000 positive reviews and is great for your next backyard party. “This set was a huge win for my house!,” Greenhouse shares. “My son loves his water table and engaging with all the accessories that come with it. From making a whirl pool to filling up the bucket, it kept him busy for a while — which isn’t always the case for a little boy.” Greenhouse isn’t the only mother who loves this $75 grab, either. “This was a fan favorite in the nice weather,” Dill shares, explaining how her two-year-old daughter fell in love with it. “We could spend hours playing with this table.” Specifically, Dill uses the brand’s Showers & Unicorns ($85) model, a pink and purple-embossed version that is perfect for the two-year-old girl you’re shopping for. “My son was gifted this by his Gee-gee (grandma),” Greenhouse explains. “He first played with it in camp and wouldn’t let it go. I remember calling my mom and saying he doesn’t want to leave camp because of the lawn mowers. Still today, he runs outside with the lawnmower and we also go on ‘walks’ and he stops and looks at the grass, rocks and flowers.” Because it kept her two-year-old son active and engaged, it’s a much-recommended toy because it also helps get those active steps in. “This can easily be an indoor toy, but parents know that water toy clean-up is much easier outdoors,” Ventre shares. “This little sink has running water and a tiny stove top with cool steam.” Not to mention, there are plenty of accessories included that’ll help build upon sensory learning. For just $10, pick up the Sun Squad Light-Up Bubble Maker to have bubbles on demand (what we didn’t think we needed, but absolutely do). “[My daughter] loves running around and chasing bubbles,” Dill explains. “It’s nothing fancy, but it’s good to get out some energy.” We love a good outdoor slide these days. But one that has a basketball hoop affixed to it? That’s pretty much the best of both worlds for outdoor play. “This one we originally used inside, but are able to use outside when the weather is nice as well,” Dill says. “My son loves music, so getting him a guitar was a natural fit!” Greenhouse shares. “We showed him how to properly hold the toy but he just grabs the strings. Hopefully one day, when he’s older, he can translate his love for the toy into taking real life guitar lessons!” For more options, check out our guide to the best CoComelon toys. “As a toddler, my son loves anything loud that makes noise so banging on his piano is a fan favorite!” Greenhouse notes. “He took music classes when he was a baby and we always try to make sure instruments, music and sounds are used throughout the day.” And, according to Greenhouse, it also makes a cute accessory for his room. “Does your 2-year-old listen to the same songs over and over again like mine?” Ventre asks. “These headphones save mommy’s sanity while giving my daughter the freedom to listen to her music, dance, and sing independently.” Conveniently, this pair of kids headphones is perfect for long car rides, too. “We love our Tonie box that we’ve had for about a year,” Dill shares, recommending this direct-to-consumer brand. “We like the different music characters and story telling.” While Dill uses the cookie monster version of this toy, there are a wealth of options on its website to allow your child to listen to musical stories for hours on end. For years, toddler pianos have been a hit — both for pressing keys and singing into the microphone. “It’s a simple piano, but [my daughter] likes learning what the different buttons can do,” Dill shares. There are some songs that it’s pre-programmed to play as well. “This color fun fishbowl works on color recognition, with two modes: one which identifies colors as students place fish in the slot, and another that challenges children to find specific colors when they are ready,” Cady explains. “The cause-effect nature of this also models reciprocal communication and holds interest.” As children gain more experience with peers, there’s also a great opportunity to use this toy to facilitate turn-taking to fill the bowl, according to Cady. “Because you need to add the fish one by one, children can also be lead to count as they put in the fish, using 1 to 1 correspondence.” According to Greenhouse, this is a major toy win for her house. “My son loves playing with his flashcards and gets excited when he gets the answer correct,” she shares. “As most moms probably say, I felt my son was a bit delayed in his speech, so this was something that was super important to me. We work on sounds and words constantly using this toy and to me it’s really a ‘school lesson’ while he thinks it’s play time.” “This is a cooperative board game that’s great for counting practice,” Ventre says. “The stakes are high enough to hold a 2-year-old’s interest without it being overly challenging.” Be sure to note that some pieces may be an issue for some two-year-olds, so this toy is better suited for those on their way to turning three. “This has been a great way to start the day,” Dill explains. “There are lots of areas of opportunity for growth over the next few months.” Plus, your two-year-old will never grow bored, given the volume of learning opportunities filled within each spiral-bound. “My daughter loves seeing the different pictures and guessing the words,” Dill notes. “She’s reaching the end of the baseline flash cards, but will be able to grow into the next set to continue learning and developing her vocabulary.” Not to mention, this affordable Amazon grab is perfect to help match pictures to words. “I’ve just started using this and it’s a great way for her to start understanding spelling, what letters words start with and how to put them together,” Dill explains. “It’s still a bit advanced for her, but something she will grow into.” Plus, you can take the blocks with you to quickly and conveniently learn letters on the go. Dare we say — how cute and unique! “We used this when she was younger and still likes to use it to group different colors together,” Dill says. It’s also wonderful to help promote and advance fine motor skills. With nearly 15,000 positive reviews (and counting — literally!), the Fisher-Price Laugh & Learn Smart Stages Piggy Bank is wonderful for learning how to count and fit small pieces into each other. “This is another one my daughter used when she was younger, but now enjoys to count with the toy,” Dill says. “Having puzzle and shape toys that are manageable for your two-year-old is critical,” Cady explains. “Larger puzzles with indents for specific animals to match, or photos to match, is a friendly way for children to be naturally scaffolded to complete puzzles on their own.” Cady recommends the Melissa & Doug Farm Friends Deluxe Jumbo Knob Puzzle, a $35 option that’s positively reviewed by more than 3,000 happy caregivers who are teaching their two-year-old about cows, horses and sheep. “When children become more comfortable with managing puzzle parts like this, more challenging puzzles can be introduced,” Cady elaborates. “When choosing a more traditional puzzle, if your child is ready, I suggest having a picture build within the image pieces are meant to make.” Cady recommends this Wooden Construction Puzzle for a $25 option that’s also wonderful to help develop cognitive ability. “This is key for numbers and letters and to help them grow with sounds,” Greenhouse recommends. Not to mention, the horizontal, chronological nature of the alphabets and numbers puzzles are great to help remember elements in a line. “This was key when he was younger to help with hand-eye coordination and animals,” Greenhouse explains. “We would sit on the play mat and work with him to make sure we can properly place the puzzles in the correct spot.” Plus, each puzzle is a large size, allowing your two-year-old to hold each one firmly in their hands. “Children use the tools provided to sort animals by color,” Ventre explains. “It’s also a fun way to practice number sense.” For just $11, your two-year-old will also adore the vibrant colors and the included tongs to help sort and pick up all of the included animals in the bundle. According to Dill, her and her two-year-old daughter use this puzzle a ton — and, it’s a no-frills option for less than $15. “We like to learn about the different shapes and she enjoys that it’s Winnie the Pooh-themed,” she adds. “This book is great,” Dill recommends. “We love that it’s portable and is a great mechanism to learn the alphabet.” Giardina also dubs this on-the-go toy as a favorite with her two-year-old daughter. “We play educational games with our favorite characters and other dolls and stuffed animals,” she shares. If you’re looking for a well-organized, on-the-go toy option, the Melissa & Doug K’s Kids Take-Along Shape Sorter is a hit — and, includes various exterior slots to help facilitate shape-learning. “This is another good portable option that we like to bring into restaurants or to other people’s houses,” Dill adds. “It’s good practice for learning about different shapes.” “This is by far a favorite; we love to put together different outfits and show off our creative side,” Dill says. “We like that it’s compact so we can bring it with us to different places.” Plus, it’s the perfect affordable grab to help your two-year-old match colors and outfits together, learning how certain aspects of a whole fit into place. “This set helped teach my daughter the alphabet,” Giardina says. “She loves to not only build with them, but also line them up in letter and number order, and say the letter that corresponds with the picture on the block.” Plus, the activities you can do from this one toy are endless! The easy-grab storage tub is a bonus for on-the-go travel, too. “This is one of our favorite toys lately that we got for Christmas and play with every day,” Dill shares, enthusiastic about one of her two-year-old’s most-cherished toys. “We use it to create beautiful flowers and gardens for some of our other activities.” It’s also an official Amazon best-seller and at its lowest price ever right now. For any Disney fan (and caregiver who adores aesthetically pleasing pastel blocks and sets), the Disney Wooden Toys Winnie the Pooh & Friends Block Set is a steal for less than $25. “My daughter enjoys these because of the theme of Winnie the Pooh and the creativity which with she can build,” Dill shares. Just look how adorable the cloud block is! “As a Minnie fan, we love this set and all the different things that can be built,” Dill shares. Within this set, your two-year-old will love playing with Minnie Mouse, her cat, her oversized birthday cake, presents and other interactive buildables. Much like the Minnie Mouse LEGO set, the brand has a Mickey & Minnie Birthday Train Building Toy Set that’s beyond adorable, including both Minnie and Mickey, as well as a fully loaded train, oversized cupcake, presents and more. “Bryce was super excited to get his big car set,” Greenhouse shares. “I think seeing all the options, colors and styles he gets so excited. Vroom vroom is always the words out of his mouth when playing with this set.” Not to mention, the litany of roll-around cars package neatly inside this toy’s monster truck, making cleanup a snap. “Bryce’s face lights up when he plays w the construction vehicle set,” Greenhouse says. “I will admit the he doesn’t always use the play mat, but the remainder of the set is in every room of the house!” “This bus was a major win for me,” Greenhouse shares. “We practiced the song wheels on the bus and ‘bus’ was one of my son’s first words. He took this toy everywhere and asked for it constantly.” Not to mention, it’s a great toy for learning about the future of taking the school bus. “We showed him that, as he gets older and goes to school, that you take the bus and mommy and daddy see you after school,” she adds. “W’ve been playing with this for over a year,” Dill shares, recommending the $25 beloved play set. “My daughter has grown with it and now likes to get the little people on and off in different ways.” Aside from learning how to maneuver a school bus, your toddler will love this vehicle as an accompaniment to other dollhouses and play sets. “This is a fun alternative to a stroller,” Giardina says. “My two daughters love to ride on this car.” And, the star of the show — it’s hot pink and comes with a built-in cup holder. What’s better than that? “I assume this is supposed to be an outdoor toy, but somehow this ended up inside my home,” Greenhouse notes. “Bryce really loves his big red car and rides around the house with it. He knows to beep the horn and as he got older he fills the cupholders with his milk and/or water and snack cup! Now, he also asks to take bear for a ride.” Not to mention, Giardina also loves this fun, move-around toy for her two-year-old daughter. It’s perfect for indoor and outdoor use alike. “This has been a staple in my house for years,” Giardina shares. “We ride it every day!” If the vibrant colors and cute charm isn’t enough to sell you (which it should), rest assured that it’s designed to be low-to-the-ground, making it ultra-safe for your two-year-old. For lovers of CoComelon everywhere, jump on the brand’s Ride-On School Bus — a less-than-$40 option that we predict to sell out quickly. “My kids love to ride this bus,” Giardina shares. “They love playing the alphabet and music on it. It’s a favorite!” “The bulldozer was another great purchase that Bryce used a lot of,” Greenhouse notes. “Inside or outside, he would take it and play.” What’s more, it’s also a great way to work on coordination with the balls, colors and counting. Let’s start out with this — who doesn’t want a Lamborghini? “This was Bryce’s 2nd birthday gift from his grandparents,” Greenhouse tells us. “When the weather is nice, he rides it around the driveway and his friends love to play with it too. I will say this is more of a ‘special” present’ and he still gets excited when we take it out.” “This is great because my daughter can grow with it,” Dill shares. “For now, we still push her, but we’ll be able to allow her to start pedaling herself in the next few months.” The Joovy 4.1 Kids Tricycle is also equipped with a padded seat, harness and sun-protective canopy, making it a sweet, investment-worthy ride. “We definitely enjoy riding this train and are looking forward to getting more use in the nicer weather,” Dill shares. Not to mention, the included cart for your two-year-old’s teddy bear is too cute to pass up. “This is a cute Minnie themed quad,” Dill explains. “It doesn’t go too fast and my daughter enjoys pushing the button to drive herself.” What’s great about this ride is its step-up design — the safety track allows your two-year-old to grip onto its textured step to prop safely upright before riding. Have you seen a more aesthetically pleasing ride? It looks like a bookshelf toy but it’s uniquely a well-designed ride-on (and, just $50, too!) “It took my daughter some time to get used to this, but she enjoys riding it around her playroom,” Dill adds. Doesn’t every little girl hope for a pony? Well, the new trend is unicorns, and we’re here for it (especially oversized unicorns we can ride on). “We are definitely unicorn fans and my daughter enjoys having this bigger stuffed animal that she can bounce on,” Dill notes. Hello, Instagram-worthy nursery. As an ergonomic ride-on toy and a sweet element of home decor, this essential from Pottery Barn Kids is worth every penny. “We enjoy this rocking horse in her room as a quieter toy for her to play with (and it’s great quality from Pottery Barn),” Dill shares. We have never found a ride-on toy quite as adorable and unique as the Prince Lionheart Wheely Ride-On Pig. “My daughter has a lot of fun flying around on this,” Dill says. “It’s low to the ground so she’s getting a bit big for it, but still enjoys it.” “This is a unicorn that comes with a rolled-up blanket,” Giardina explains. “Julianna sleeps with the unicorn and dinosaur every night.” Not to mention, Julianna loves these so much that her one-year-old sister Olivia sadly lost the dinosaur custody battle (needless to say, your two-year-old will certainly adore them for sleeping). “My kids think this is magical!” Giardina says. “They love being able to feed their favorite character, JJ, peas and seeing it disappear.” Plus, the star of the CoComelon show also plays music — what’s not to love? Every since we were little ourselves, we couldn’t shy away from any of the Sesame Street plushes. Not to mention, one of America’s popular kids shows is still in full-swing. Giardina says her two-year-old daughter loves to collect them and play with them around her play mat. Elmo is her favorite, but Cookie Monster and other characters are equally as fun. After receiving the Fisher-Price Barbie Little Dreamhouse for Christmas one year, Giardina’s two-year-old daughter has not been able to stop playing with it. There’s a slide, a collection of furniture to play around with and it’s the perfect size, according to Giardina. “This bear was a gift and I think more exciting for me to watch him open,” Greenhouse remembers. “He loves his standard size bear so watching him see a plush, soft, life-size bear was super exciting for him!” What’s more, it’s also durable enough for two-year-olds to pull, wrestle and play with. “This was a cute toy to use to show that everyone gets a ‘boo-boo,'” Greenhouse explains. “Bryce would put band aids on JJ and check him; it was cute to watch him understand learning about being sick, getting hurt and most importantly feeling better!” Upon purchase, you’ll find your toddler’s first doctor’s kit aside from the doll, making it a great value for less than $30. “This was a souvenir that I purchased on my first trip to London,” Greenhouse reflects. “I had it around and gave it to Bryce when he was a few months old. Ever since, it is his bear and he doesn’t travel or sleep without it!” It’s one of those well-made teddies that, if lost, your two-year-old will not be a happy camper (or sleeper). “We love to use this to create a neighborhood with all our other playhouses,” Dill notes. “It has great interactive sounds and has been a staple in the house for a while.” Uniquely, this compact dollhouse comes with characters, furniture, a fully furnished kitchen and, *drumroll please*, a tree swing. “We love this toy for the Minnie and Disney characters and accessories,” Dill explains. “The house is not as solid as the Little People house, but we love it because of the theme.” That said, if youer two-year-old loves all things pink — including miniature figurines and easy-glide cars, then this all-you-can-ask-for set is worth your coin. “We’ve been really into playing with dolls and babies at this age and Izzy loves to take care of this baby,” Dill notes. “This was one of her first and she always goes back to it.” Not to mention, it comes with a pacifier to allow your two-year-old to learn about using one (and later, transitioning out of one). “My daughter likes the softness of this doll and that you can change all the clothes and diapers to play pretend,” Dill shares. It’s a more realistic doll to have in your two-year-old’s toy collection for that reason, too, encouraging your toddler to *hopefully* potty-train quickly. “We really like this set,” Dill shares. “We discovered it at Disney and have been buying other Disney princesses.” Not to mention, it’s the perfect size for the two-year-old age group for growing into Barbies and other dolls. “We enjoy playing with Barbies and some of the different accessories they some with,” Dill recounts. “There are lots of small pieces, so she’s still a bit young to really independently play with them, but I can already tell this will be a fan-favorite for years to come.” Doesn’t every little girl wish for a Minnie doll? The short answer is yes, but real-life mothers also agree. “We have a couple of Minnie dolls, but this is one of our favorites to cuddle with and always provide comfort,” Dill adds. “Minnie is a favorite character so this stuffed doll is perfect.” Ahead, our team of child development and psychology experts — along with real-life moms — provide insight into the two-year-old age group and what defines playtime at this stage. “My favorite saying is ‘the two’s are not terrible — instead, they’re full of potential!” Alice Cady, EdM, told the New York Post. “It’s up to adults to consider a child’s perspective, reasons behind behavior, and recognize potential to learn.”” Contrary to popular belief, two-year-olds don’t necessarily need the ABCs and 1-2-3s; that’s not their primary goal. “They’re more into learning how things work, as you’ll typically find two-year-olds turning on and off lights and opening and closing doors,” Kathy Hirsh-Pasek, PhD, psychology professor at Temple University and senior fellow at the Brookings Institution — whose research work centers on the development of early language and literacy, as well as the role of play in learning — told The Post. Ahead, Hirsh-Pasek provides a snapshot into the characteristics of most two-year-olds: “One of the most dramatic changes we see in 2-year-olds is their rapid language development,” Melissa Libertus, PhD, cognitive and developmental psychology professor at the University of Pittsburgh and research scientist at the University’s Learning Research and Development Center — who published a study on the benefits of parents promoting early learning in two-year-olds — told The Post. “At this age, children typically begin to use more words and form short sentences. They may also use basic grammar, such as plurals and past tense. They also tend to understand more complex instructions.” More generally, 2-year-olds begin to understand cause and effect relationships and can solve simple problems. “They also start to categorize objects based on similarities and differences, like size, color and shapes,” Libertus adds. With regard to their motor skills, 2-year-old children typically refine gross motor skills such as running, jumping and climbing, per Libertus. “They also improve fine motor skills such as holding a pencil, stacking blocks and using utensils,” she adds. The golden question, right? While we turned to experts and real-life mommas for toy recommendations, keep in mind that two-year-olds don’t need many gadgets and gizmos, according to Hirsh-Pasek. “For toys, aim for engaging over distracting and active instead of passive,” she adds. “Two-year-olds want your attention, to play with a given toy again and again and, most of all, to play with toys that bring them joy.” Additionally, 2-year-olds begin to engage in more complex play and may start to develop friendships. “They also learn to express their emotions more effectively and begin to understand other people’s emotions, even though this learning is slow and can often lead to frustration and challenges as children struggle to communicate their emotions clearly,” Libertus notes. That said, two-year-olds work well in teams. Aside from the obvious (that is, that it’s fun), Cady breaks down the true benefits of toddler-based playtime. “Some parents already worry about content skills and kindergarten prep at this age; however, the true work of children is play,” she explains. “Learning through play and being able to experiment through play is essential at this age.” What’s more, having an “expert playmate” to play with children and materials affords two-year-olds to share ideas, expand play, and gain experience playing ‘with’ another will stretch their interest and attention naturally with any open-ended toy. That said, they’re building their brains at age 2. “When you ‘look beneath the hood,’ you’ll start seeing magical moments everywhere,” Hirsh-Pasek adds. “They’re hypothesizing and figuring out new ways to do things. During playtime, they’re doing more thinking than you think.” “Sensory toys, like pop-its, sensory tubes, rain-sticks, and fidgets are external materials children can focus on while they regulate big feelings,” Cady explains. “Another great way to help two-year-olds thrive, is to have set expectations and routines. Let them know what to expect.” For this, visual schedule cards that a two-year-old can manipulate and routines built to encourage independence are wonderful, because your child knows when and how to ‘take control’ over aspects of their day. “This is not to say you need every aspect of your day planned, but If you have an exciting activity or trip or aspect of your day plan, having your 2-year-old know that it is something to expect helps them process and orient their expectations for the day,” Cady adds. Ahead, take a look at some recommended toys to help facilitate listening and attention: While every little one is adorable in their own way, certain learning and developmental skills come to life in two-year-olds that differ slightly from that of the one- and three-year-old age groups. The one-year-old age group “Toys for one-year-olds and two-year-olds differ in terms of their complexity, commensurate with the developmental abilities that are typical of the two age groups,” Libertus explains. “Toys for one-year-olds tend to be simpler and easier to use, while toys for two-year-olds are more complex and challenging.” For example, one-year-olds may enjoy toys with a few buttons that make the toy light up or make noise, while two-year-olds may prefer more complex features such as having to put the correct block in a toy to match the requested color. More, one-year-olds may enjoy simple puzzles where one shape fits in a specific place, while two-year-olds start to fit multiple shapes together to solve more complex puzzles. “One-year-olds may need toys that are easy to grasp and manipulate,” Libertus adds. “Two-year-olds have better-developed motor skills and may enjoy toys that require more dexterity, such as drawing or manipulating smaller features of toys.” Two-year-olds are also typically more interested in pretend play than one-year-olds. “Toys like dolls, play kitchens and costumes can help foster their emerging imaginative play,” Libertus notes. The three-year-old age group Just like toys for one-year-olds and two-year-olds differ in terms of their complexity, toys for three-year-olds continue to increase in complexity in line with their more advanced development. “Most notably, three-year-olds are able to play with much smaller toys that would be considered choking hazards for younger children,” Libertus says. “Three-year-olds start to count objects and learn letters, making toys that support these skills a perfect fit for this age group.” As their motor skills continue to improve, three-year-olds tend to enjoy more challenging games with balls as well — like hitting a ball with a bat or aiming for a goal — and activities that require more sophisticated fine motor skills, like beading, according to Libertus. Although the twos are advancing in their play, they are still getting teeth. Some two’s are very oral and might be tempted to place things in their mouths. Don’t panic (according to Cady), just redirect to a chewing toy and still be mindful of choking hazards. “Some great fine motor toys are meant for 3+ year-olds, so they come with very small parts,” she explains. “If you want to work those fine motor muscles, consider using tongs, pipettes, and Play-Dough rather than purchasing toys labeled 3+, as often that label is related to choking hazards.” Additionally, some sensory bins may be labeled 3+. Sensory experiences for two-year-olds are one of the most engaging play experiences, according to Cady, with some including this label due to the inclusion of choking hazards within a marketed “kit,” or because more than 2″ of water is considered a drowning hazard for children under three. Weigh the capabilities of your child, their tendency to mouth toys, and consider how they will be supervised as you introduce toys and materials labeled 3+. “Ultimately, this is customizable to your individual child, but my recommendations are all toys that I would considered safe in my own classroom, which complies with NYS licensure in having no choking hazards,” Cady notes. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.