Rapper Travis Scott plans to turn himself in for questioning next week over the Manhattan nightclub assault that saw him allegedly sock a sound engineer in the face, police sources told The Post. The 30-year-old rapper — who is also accused of damaging $12,000 worth of sound equipment — jumped on a private jet bound for Los Angeles just hours after the fracas at club Nebula early Wednesday, the sources said. His reps have since arranged for Scott to return to the Big Apple and speak with NYPD detectives as early as Tuesday, according to a police source. He will likely be slapped with an assault charge, the source added. Scott, who made headlines in 2021 for the deadly Astroworld festival tragedy, is scheduled to perform at the Rolling Loud hip-hop festival in Los Angeles this Saturday. His late-night meltdown unfolded after sources say the “Sicko Mode” rapper climbed into the DJ booth as rapper Don Toliver, who is signed to Scott’s label, was performing at the West 41st Street club around 2 a.m. He flipped out when the sound engineer tried to lower the volume, sources alleged. Scott then unleashed and allegedly started trashing the victim’s equipment — including an audio speaker and a video screen worth about $12,000, cops said. “Travis came in angry and intoxicated and progressively went postal,” one source claimed. “His shirt said ‘Back the f–k up.’ It’s like he was poised for battle. It was foreshadowing.” The sound man, identified only as Mark, 52, refused to tell The Post on Thursday if he plans to press charges or sue the rapper over the ordeal. Mark took himself to the Jersey City Medical Center on Wednesday afternoon and was discharged several hours later. “I’m just really sore,” he said as he left his home on Thursday for a doctor’s appointment. Mark added that he’d been cleared to return to work “but I can’t lift anything over five pounds.” A day earlier, the victim had told Fox5 New York in a bedside interview that he hadn’t been able to move his neck since he was allegedly clobbered by the rapper. “Obviously my neck is f–ked up,” he said. “My arm is tingling. I have pins and needles going down it.” Speaking about the lead-up to the alleged assault, the sound engineer said he was only trying to tell Scott to lower the music volume “so it sounded good for the performance but he just stuck his middle finger in my face.” “So I lowered the monitor a little bit so I could talk to him, and that’s when he ran around the speaker and attacked me,” he alleged. Mark claims Scott’s security then allegedly threatened his life. Asked by The Post if his good deed backfired, Mark agreed, saying: “I’m a good guy. That’s what we do. We do good things.” A source close to Scott insisted Wednesday that the incident was only a misunderstanding and that his team were working with cops to sort it out. “While this is clearly a misunderstanding being blown out of proportion by clickbait and misinformation, we are actively working with the venue and law enforcement to resolve and set the record straight,” Scott’s lawyer, Mitchell Schuster, said in a statement. “We are confident our client will be cleared of any wrongdoing.”