Somebody call Dr. Pimple Popper. A woman on TikTok claimed that when she popped what she thought was a pimple, her Botox “leaked out.” The user, who goes by the name @undecided_and_unguided on the social media app, revealed more about the costly mishap last week in a video that has reached more than 2 million views. “I have made the most expensive mistake ever, because I popped a pimple that was not a pimple after my Botox appointment,” the creator began in the 15-second clip. She then claimed, “I think the Botox leaked out of my face, and now look.” The user then raised her eyebrows to show off the spot that she claimed had been affected by her DIY-popping skills, pointing to the right side of her face, near her temple. The spot appeared wrinkled, while the rest of her forehead did not. At the end of the video, she joked, “It’s the most expensive mistake I’ve ever made.” In the comments section of her video, she explained further, writing, “It was a lump under my skin. I don’t know what I was thinking, but I barely pushed on it and it started leaking blood and pus  so gross.” The Post reached out to the TikToker for comment. Botox, known by its official name as “Botulinum toxin,” is a kind of dermatologic injection that some use to prevent wrinkles from forming on their face. The cosmetic procedure temporarily relaxes the muscles in the face, using a toxin called onobotulinumtoxinA to do so, according to the Mayo Clinic. However, while the content creator insisted that she did squeeze out the Botox, according to Minnesota dermatologist Dr. Jenny Liu, that’s not likely. “Botox usually diffuses about 1cm where it’s injected and does not usually form a collection under skin,” Liu wrote in an email to The Post. “It takes 1-2 weeks for it to kick in, depending on the type that she had.” Liu also explained what a patient shouldn’t do after the treatment. “We don’t recommend laying down or manipulating skin where it’s injected as it may affect diffuse of Botox, and therefore efficacy, so that could be another reason why she’s experiencing this, especially if it’s been a few weeks and Botox should have kicked in,” she wrote. But in the comments section of her video, some users claimed that they have had the same thing happen to them before. “This JUST happened to me – After 7 days mine stopped but at first it was so aggressive like this ,” one commenter insisted. Another agreed, “LMAOOO omg this happened with my lip filler!!!!” Others advised her to go back to her injector to get it fixed, explaining that she just needed a touch up, and that she likely didn’t pop out the Botox. “You just need a quick touch up, you will be okay!!” wrote Ali Weiss, an aesthetic nurse practitioner. “You didn’t mess anything up, it would have happened no matter what.” Someone else claimed, “This is pretty normal. They don’t want to inject too low on a first visit so your brows don’t drop. It’s an easy fix, just schedule a touch-up .” Dr. Sandra Lee, also known as the famous Dr. Pimple Popper, also left a comment on the viral video, “You just need a little more a little more lateral I bet they do that for free it’s not a big deal it happens.” Typically, practitioners will inject around 15 to 30 units of the toxin to treat your horizontal forehead lines, according to Heathline, but it’s unclear exactly how many units this TikToker got. In other Botox news on TikTok, one woman named Chloe revealed that she ended up looking like a “serial killer” after she got the injection to fix her gummy smile, leaving her with a grin that took 100 days to wear off. Last month, another user named Brooke said that she had a bad experience after getting Botox in her masseter muscle, near her jaw. “I had trouble talking, eating, obviously smiling, any sort of thing having to do with my mouth, this muscle was completely frozen,” she said in her clip. “Mortified.”