“Everything Everywhere All At Once” notched Oscar gold for Best Picture in a night that didn’t have any slap-worthy drama, but was filled with momentous wins and raw moments. The film cleaned up with seven awards, including for Best Actress, which went to Michelle Yeoh, the first Asian woman to win the category. Host Jimmy Kimmel promised an evening of “no nonsense” after Will Smith’s on-stage slap of comedian Chris Rock at last year’s ceremony, but he took a swipe at Smith during his opening monologue and then kept getting in jabs for the rest of the night. “Five Irish actors are nominated tonight — which means the odds of another fight again onstage just went way up,” Kimmel quipped. Then he mentioned how Smith still won the Best Actor award in the movie “King Richard” after the incident. “So, we have strict policies in place, if anyone in this theater commits an act of violence at any point during the show, you will be awarded the Oscar for Best Actor and permitted to give a 19-minute long speech.” Kimmel joked. Brendan Fraser clinched Best Actor for “The Whale,” his first Academy Award win in his 30-year career, and David Kwan and Daniel Scheinert won Best Director for “Everything Everywhere All At Once.” “Everything Everywhere All At Once” stars Ke Huy Quan and Jamie Lee Curtis also became first-time winners Sunday, taking home trophies for Best Supporting Actor and Actress, respectively. Quan, who is only the second Asian actor to win in the supporting actor category, fought back tears as he received a standing ovation. “My mom is 84 years old and she’s at home watching,” Quan said. “Mom, I just won an Oscar!” Curtis, a self-described “Nepo baby,” also gave shout-outs to her late parents, actors Tony Curtis and Janet Leigh, who were both Oscar nominees. “My mother and father were both nominated for Oscars in different categories — I just won an Oscar!” said an emotional Curtis,. While the Dolby Theater erupted into applause for Curtis, actress Angela Bassett, who was nominated for the same award for her role in “Black Panther: Wakanda Forever” appeared to remain seated and didn’t seem to clap on ABC’s broadcast. An Oscar moment that wasn’t planned, but was certainly heartening, was when “An Irish Goodbye” star James Martin was sung “Happy Birthday” by many on stage and in the audience when his film won Best Live Action Short Film. Martin, who has Down syndrome and rose to prominence after working as a Starbucks barista, turned 31 Sunday. With Wire Services