Tiger Woods has denied having an “oral tenancy agreement” with ex-girlfriend Erica Herman to live in his Florida mansion after she filed a $30 million lawsuit against his trust. Herman, 38, claims Woods, 47, tricked her into leaving the home they lived in together for six years following their breakup in October — alleging that she still had five years left to stay due to an oral agreement she had with his trust, Jupiter Island Irrevocable Homestead. Woods’ lawyers, however, said no such agreement existed and that Herman was merely a guest at the home who had no legal claims as a tenant. “During their relationship, Mr. Woods invited Ms. Herman to live with him as his guest in the Residence,” the lawyers wrote in their latest filing, obtained by TMZ on Sunday. “Mr. Woods never negotiated an oral tenancy agreement with Ms. Herman. Nor was there ever a written tenancy agreement between Mr. Woods or the Trust, on the one hand, and Ms. Herman, on the other hand. “Mr. Woods never transferred to Ms. Herman any ownership interest in or rights of possession to the Residence,” the filing concluded. The attorneys also denied the allegations that Woods left Herman out in the cold after she claimed the golf star tricked her into thinking they were going on a “short vacation” and abandoned her at an airport before letting her know she was being kicked out of the Jupiter home. The lawyers said Woods had arranged for Herman to “stay at a local luxury resort,” adding that their client had also “provided funds she could apply toward a new residence.” The latest filing also condemned Herman’s decision to sue the trust rather than Woods, saying it “is nothing more than a transparent attempt by Ms. Herman to avoid her contractual obligation to arbitrate and to gain leverage by litigating her disputes with Mr. Woods in a public forum.” The statement appeared to reference Herman’s attempt to break out of her non-disclosure agreement that she signed in August 2017 when she began dating Woods. Last week, Herman filed a lawsuit against the golf legend, asking to be removed from the NDA, citing a law that allows such contracts to be voided if there’s proof of sexual assault or harassment. There are no specific allegations of assault or harassment referenced in the court documents filed. In the event a judge rules the NDA is valid, Herman and her legal teams asked for the court’s guidance on whether she can publicly share photos of recordings of herself and her family, as well as other information from “sources” not bound by the agreement. Sources close to Woods told People that the pro golfer is worried about what Herman could say and that he would be hit with yet “another scandal” after he admitted to cheating on his ex-wife Elin Nordegren. “It terrifies him, and she knows that because they’ve talked about it,” the source said. “There’s a lot of panic right now.” The source added that Woods believed the $30 million Herman is asking for “is ridiculous.” But Woods “has to decide whether it’s worth paying that amount so that this can go away,” the insider said. “Or else, will he see her giving an interview to Dr. Phil? “He is trying to protect himself.” Representatives for Woods and Herman did not immediately respond to The Post’s requests for comment.