Let’s get one thing out of the way. “Wicked” is very “popular.” Now, the fifth longest-running Broadway show behind “The Phantom of the Opera,” “Chicago,” “The Lion King” and about to surpass “Cats” for fourth place, the “Wizard of Oz”-based musical has remained a fixture on the Great White Way since it opened way back in October 2003. Amazingly, in its 20th year at the Gershwin Theatre, the tourist destination is still going strong. And even though it’s a well-oiled machine, there are still a few new pieces to this well-established theatrical juggernaut. Starting March 7, Alyssa Fox assumed the lead role of Elphaba, Tony nominee John Dossett settled in as the Wizard, Kimber Elayne Sprawl took over as Nessarose and William Youmans became the new Doctor Dillamond. So, if you want to see the brand new Wicked Witch’s origin story live in person with a fresh ensemble, here’s everything you need to know. Like most Broadway shows, “Wicked,” has a standard eight show a week schedule running from Tuesday through Sunday. Matinees take place Wednesday and Saturday at 2 p.m.; Sunday matinees begin at 3 p.m. To find the show that makes the most sense for your calendar, we recommend reviewing the beloved, Tony Award-winning musical’s schedule here. The show runs 2 hours and 45 minutes. It should be noted that there is a 15-minute intermission. Rather than make you wait until you have a playbill in hand, we did the homework for you and found out a bit about each of “Wicked’s” five most notable cast members. Alyssa Fox (Elphaba): Originally from Dallas, TX, Fox has been working her way up to the Elphaba role for 13 (!) years. Prior to her star turn, she was Elphaba’s standby on Broadway and also played the part as part of the national tour. McKenzie Kurtz (Glinda): After seeing “Wicked” at 9, Kurtz has dreamed of playing Glinda. Before making it to her goal role, Kurtz performed as Anna in “Frozen,”  Penelope in “Trading Places” and Star-To-Be in “Annie Live!” on NBC. Michelle Pawk (Madame Morrible): Pawk has been all over the place having appeared on Broadway in “Triumph Of Love” and “Crazy For You” as well as off-Broadway in “Merrily We Roll Along” and “Turning” which netted her Lucille Lortel and Obie Awards. John Dossett (The Wizard): Most known for his Tony-nominated turn in “Gypsy,” the prolific Dossett has also shown up in “Newsies,” “Pippin” and “Ragtime” on Broadway. You may have caught him in NBC’s “Law & Order” and HBO’s “John Adams” as well. James D. Gish (Fiyero): “Wicked” is Gish’s Broadway debut. In addition to national touring and regional roles in shows like “West Side Story” and “Les Misérables,” he has took his solo album “So In Love” on the road back in 2017. Want to match more names to faces? Check out “Wicked’s” full cast list, complete with full bios, here. There’s a truly staggering number of great shows running in midtown Manhattan this year. Here are just five of our favorite musicals you won’t want to miss these next few months. • “Hamilton” • “Book of Mormon” • “Six” • “& Juliet” • “Sweeney Todd” Want a better look at what else is out on Broadway? Check out our list of the 13 biggest shows opening on Broadway in 2023 here.