Country music star Morgan Wallen’s hit single “Last Night” has landed at No. 1 on the Billboard Hot 100. The 29-year-old’s song topped the charts despite his recent controversies surrounding COVID and his use of the n-word. “Last Night” was previously at No. 5 and then soared to the pop pinnacle on March 13; it also topped the Hot Country Songs chart. The track was released earlier this month off of his new album, “One Thing at a Time,” a 36-song record that earned a No. 1 debut on the Billboard Top 200 All-Genre chart. Other songs that previously reached No. 1 on both the Hot 100 and Hot Country Songs Charts include “All Too Well (Taylor’s Version)” by Taylor Swift, “9 to 5” by Dolly Parton and “Lady” by Kenny Rogers. Want to see Wallen live? You can grab tickets here.  Tennessee native Wallen has faced a series of controversies over the last few years, kicking off with a failure to adhere to “Saturday Night Live’s” COVID-19 protocols in 2020 and repeatedly saying a racial slur. He was barred from performing on the show in October 2020 after he was spotted partying maskless. “I was getting ready for ‘SNL’ this Saturday, and I got a call from the show that I will no longer be able to play, and that’s because of COVID protocols, which I understand,” Wallen said on Instagram at the time. He explained that he had not tested positive for COVID-19 and added: “My actions this past weekend were pretty short-sighted, and they have obviously affected my long-term goals and my dreams.” In February 2021, a clip surfaced of him screaming the n-word and other expletive words in Nashville. He was seen in the video telling someone to “take care of” this “pussy ass motherf- -ker.” “Take care of this pussy ass n—-r.” Shortly after the incident, he apologized for his actions. “I’m embarrassed and sorry. I used an unacceptable and inappropriate racial slur that I wish I could take back,” he noted in a statement. “There are no excuses to use this type of language, ever. I want to sincerely apologize for using the word. I promise to do better.” As a result of the moment, Wallen was was disqualified from performing at or receiving any recognition during the 2021 Academy of Country Music Awards. In December, his album “Dangerous” had the best-selling record of the year despite his snafu.