Catfished? More like dogfished. A man who goes by @infared_savage on TikTok posted there about his experience of being scammed online over a “puppy” he alleges is actually a hyena. His video has gone viral with over 3.3 million views. Eager to purchase a pup, the man replied to an online post from a “Bully breeder” looking to sell what was supposedly as an American Bully. In a 2-minute clip, the TikToker explains how he instantly fell in love with photos of the dog’s parents and put down a deposit to secure the pup. When it was time to meet his new best friend, he noticed something odd about the dog, asking the seller, “Did you clip the ears or something? Are you sure that’s a dog? That s – -t looks like a wombat?” The “Bully breeder” reportedly played coy, claiming, “It’s a Bully man. I got the mom and dad out in the back.” The breeder proceeded to show the “parents,” who showed no similarity to their alleged pup. “I’m looking at them and I’m looking at my puppy,” the bewildered buyer said of the experience. “This dude gathered up all the puppies … not puppies, orangutan-lizard-foxes all together and they’re laughing, it sound like a bunch of h- -s gossiping.” The new dog owner tries to convince himself that “the puppy is going to grow up and it’s going to look like” the two grown dogs he’d been told were its parents. He decided to name his new friend Nina. “‘Come here, Nina.’ That damn dog looked at me and laughed,” he said. “I was so scared, wondering what the f – – k is he laughing for, and not just any ole animal laugh. It was humanly.” The man imitates the dog’s laugh in the video, sounding similar to a hyena or Scooby-Doo. The seller was determined to complete the sale by dismissing the buyer’s concern saying the dog “will get over that phase, it’s a Bully.” The hyena-like dog “gave one big laugh and bit me on my leg, hard as hell, bro,” the man said. “I didn’t know dogs had crack babies. This is exactly what a crack baby dog would look like.” The video has over 12,000 comments, with people reacting to the unusual pet scenario. “This whole thing had me cackling like a damn hyena,” commented one person. “This story is 10 times funnier after looking up how a hyena laughs.” Some people expressed their concern for the man. “Hyenas laugh when they’re threatened or under attack so I’d BE VERY CAREFULLLL,” said a TikToker. One viewer wanted to know if the TikToker brought the alleged hyena home, asking, “You still got the hyena?” The man did not disclose if he left the “crack baby dog” with the breeder, but from his disoriented reaction, the chances seem high. This is not the first story of a hopeful pet owner being bamboozled while trying to buy or otherwise adopt an animal. One Massachusetts family rescued what they thought was a lost puppy — but was actually a baby coyote. Another family in China faced a similar situation, adopting a “dog” only to discover two years later it was actually a bear.