The Road to Wrestlemania 39 is making a pit stop in the Big Apple. On Sunday, March 12, WWE stars Cody Rhodes, Solo Sikoa, Ronda Rousey, Bray Wyatt, Gunther and more will battle for glory at New York City’s Madison Square Garden. Even with that much star power in tow, fans can get in for surprisingly cheap. At the time of publication, we found tickets going for as low as $33 before fees on Vivid Seats. That’s a steal considering the card includes Sikoa defending the pride of the Bloodline against Rhodes. Rhodes will face the Head of the Table, Roman Reigns, at Wrestlemania after winning the Royal Rumble. Plus, fans will be treated to a 20-wrestler battle royal where the winner will face off against Gunther for the WWE Intercontinental Championship later in the evening. For those who want get closer to the non-stop action, lower-level seats start at $60 before fees. Floor seats are available for $119 before fees. All prices are subject to fluctuation. Vivid Seats is a verified secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand. They offer a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and your tickets will be delivered prior to the event. Tickets for all five (!) upcoming WWE Road To Wrestlemania events are available prior to the annual showdown held April 1-2 at Los Angeles’ SoFi Stadium. Below, you’ll find a calendar that includes the dates, venues and links to the cheapest tickets available for all upcoming Road To Wrestlemania and Wrestlemania 39 events. (Note: The New York Post confirmed all above prices at the publication time. All prices are subject to fluctuation and include additional fees at checkout.) Need a bit more info about who’s wrestling on Sunday, March 12? We’re here to help. Cody Rhodes recently returned to the WWE after time away fighting independently and in the AEW. Since his high-profile comeback at Wrestlemania 38, he’s undefeated. Solo Sikoa joined the WWE in 2021 and has helped Roman Reigns hold onto the WWE Heavyweight belt. The 20 superstars who are fighting for a chance to take on Gunther are: Drew McIntyre, Sheamus, Kofi Kingston, Xavier Woods, Rey Mysterio, Bobby Lashley, Finn Balor, The Miz, Damian Priest, Dominik Mysterio, Johnny Gargano, Omos, Dexter Lumis, Bronson Reed, Rick Boogs, Santos Escobar, Braun Strowman, Ricochet, Baron Corbin, and Karrion Kross. Austin Theory and Seth Rollins will go toe to toe in a Steel Cage Match for the United States Championship. Charlotte Flair and Sonya Deville are pitted against one another in a Smackdown Women’s Championship match. And, Bray Wyatt will challenge LA Knight in a Light’s Out Street Fight. Ronda Rousey, Bianca Belair, Sami Zayn, The Usos and more will also make appearances in the ring. According to SportzWiki, “Rollins vs. Theory for the US Title should be the final match of WWE MSG 2023. Usually, the world title match gets the final spot but Roman Reigns won’t be available for the show.” With Wrestlemania just around the corner, you may be looking for some non-wrestling shows in your near future. Here are just five of the biggest concerts that just might fill the wrestling-shaped void in your life these next few months. • Metallica • Guns N’ Roses • Rob Zombie with Alice Cooper • Blink-182 • Paramore Looking for more options? Check out our list of the 52 biggest concert tours in 2023 here.