The Las Vegas Raiders are on the hunt for their Derek Carr replacement. Their former quarterback will be signing a four-year deal with the New Orleans Saints, confirmed by NFL Network on Monday. Meanwhile, the Raiders currently have 26 year-old Jarrett Stidham and 23 year-old Chase Garbers on their underwhelming quarterback room. That problem is likely short-lived as the Raiders have their eyes set on a handful of quarterbacks with free agency set to begin March 15. Head coach Josh McDaniels — the former Patriots offensive coordinator — is interested in bringing in a quarterback he’s already familiar with. According to ESPN.com, Aaron Rodgers is at the top of their list but the franchise will look to Jimmy Garoppolo and Mac Jones as fallback options if they fail to acquire Rodgers in a trade. “People in Indianapolis (for the NFL Scouting Combine) this week expect McDaniels and GM Dave Ziegler to pursue free agent quarterback Jimmy Garoppolo, whom they know from his time in New England early in his career,” ESPN’s Dan Graziano reported. “There’s also some chatter that McDaniels might try to acquire Mac Jones from the Patriots, though it seems unlikely New England would consider moving the 2021 first-rounder.” Garoppolo and McDaniels had a great relationship in New England before he was traded to the 49ers in 2017. “You had a guy in your room that you really enjoyed being around, you coached, that spent a lot of time learning and grasping what you were doing,” McDaniels said about Garoppolo following his trade. “You saw him grow and get better and mature and improve through the course of time, and now he’s not here. I wish him nothing but the best.” Garoppolo is available in free agency when it opens next week and a much more likelier option than Jones. Despite Jones’ ups-and-downs last season, the third-year signal-caller still has a high upside and is currently on a rookie contract. Whichever way the NFL offseason turns, getting a quarterback is the top priority for the Raiders.