Sarah Ferguson could be making a surprise appearance at the Oscars 2023 telecast on March 12. The Duchess of York, 63, is rumored to be presenting at the 95th annual Academy Awards on Sunday — on behalf of her late pal Lisa Marie Presley. The acclaimed Baz Luhrmann biopic “Elvis” is nominated for eight of the golden statuettes, including Best Actor for star Austin Butler, Best Picture and Best Sound. “There have been discussions about the Duchess attending and it now looks as though that will happen — the plan is for her to present an award,” a source revealed to the The Sun. The insider continued: “She has been a very close friend of the Presley family, especially Elvis’ daughter Lisa Marie, and she even spoke at her funeral recently.” Fergie’s emotional memorial appearance “sparked some conversations about the possibility of her attending — and after some back and forth it looks like it’s happening,” the source added. “It’s a big deal to have her there, but it’s a big deal for the Duchess too. America looks likely to play a big part in her future after the problems in the UK over recent years.” The “To Whom It May Concern” singer died suddenly on Jan. 12 at the age of 54, after suffering from cardiac arrest. Ferguson had appeared at Presley’s funeral just days later, even quoting her late mother-in-law, Queen Elizabeth ll, at the Graceland memorial service. “I think it’s time to stoke our flames within … to celebrate the extraordinary Lisa Marie,” Ferguson said to a crowd of Presley’s loved ones on Jan. 22. “[The Queen] used to say that nothing [that] can be said can begin to take away the anguish and the pain of these moments, because grief is the price we pay for love. And how right she was.” The “Finding Sarah” author paid tribute to Presley at the time of her passing, calling the late singer her “sissy.” “You have been my devoted friend for many years, and I am here for your family to support and love them. I am deeply saddened, my sissy, you are in my heart,” the royal wrote on social media. The two’s seemingly unlikely friendship surfaced back in 2009, following the death of Presley’s ex-husband, pop icon Michael Jackson. Presley had reportedly resided at Ferguson’s villa in Marbella, Spain, to grieve the loss. The songwriter also attended Fergie’s 50th birthday bash in London in 2009 and her daughter Princess Beatrice’s 21st birthday party. The Post has reached out to the Duchess of York for comment.