She’s not smiling. A Canadian TikToker says she was left looking like a “serial killer” after getting Botox injections in an attempt to fix her “gummy” smile. Chloe Ellies, who goes by the username @chloe_wellness on the social media app, took to the platform last week to share her 100-day eyebrow-raising tale. “Watch my botched Botox kick in,” Ellies says in the 25-second clip, which has drawn over 58,800 views. After the “before” photos, Ellies cuts to a pre-procedure snap of herself with white pencil markings drawn on both sides of her nose and under her eyes. In the comments section of the video, she explained the markings under her eye denoted where she had filler that needed to be dissolved. “Why are you injecting so high for a gummy smile?” she wrote in white text over the photo, asking the question that viewers also had on their minds. Ellies told The Post she had undergone a tear trough filler to treat dark circles, a procedure that “turned out awful.” “I’m not sure if it was the injector’s fault, or if I just wasn’t a good candidate for the treatment, but the filler actually made my eyes look worse,” Ellies wrote in a Wednesday email. “They were super puffy and I looked tired all the time. After about four months I reached back out and asked to have it dissolved, but since she had moved, she sent me to her friend’s clinic instead, where she agreed to dissolve the filler for free.” Ellies told The Post an apprentice nurse dissolved the filler and injected the Botox for her “gummy smile” after Ellies made an offhand remark about it. On TikTok, Ellies showed off more pics as her Botox journey progressed. She captioned the day 3 post-injection photo: “I look like a serial killer.” “On that third day my boyfriend said I looked like the girl from ‘Smile’ (the horror movie we had watched just a few days earlier). I ran to the mirror, smiled, and then cried big crocodile tears,” Ellies told The Post. She continued: “I went into full panic mode, obsessively researching gummy smile Botox, how long it lasts, when it peaks and fades, and was devastated when I discovered it wasn’t even at its peak yet. It would peak in two weeks and only begin to fade after four months. I was sooooo embarrassed and would cover my mouth anytime I laughed.” Ellies claims it took 100 days for her to find the injections had finally worn off. “It totally distorted my face — my cheeks were flattened and frozen, and my eyes now wrinkled where they never had before because my outer cheek was pushing up on them when I smiled,” Ellies told The Post. “I actually did go back to the injector at the two-week mark because they hadn’t fully dissolved the filler, so I spent a ton more money dissolving that, told them how mortified I was about my smile, and they kind of just brushed it off saying it would fade in time.” Ellies did not name her treatment providers in the video or in her email to The Post. Typically, injections for a gummy smile — better known as a “lip flip” — go into the upper lip, according to The Cleveland Clinic, not above it as Ellies described being done for her procedure. The goal is to make the patient’s top lip look fuller. “I eventually did email my original injector (the one who did my under eye filler) and tell her about the whole ordeal, how I had to go back again to get the filler dissolved and had to pay for that, how they had given me Botox that ruined my smile (and face), how the skin under my eyes had actually stretched and become saggy after she had overfilled it (something I’ll likely never be able to fix),” Ellies told The Post. “She was incredibly apologetic, paid the entire bill that her friend charged me for dissolving filler and injecting the Botox, and offered to cover any future costs if more filler needed to be dissolved.” She concluded: “So yea, it was all and all a terrible first experience getting injected with filler and botox, and now the goal is to just get my original pre-Botox and filler face back!” In the comments section of her video, many could relate to Ellies’ injection dejection. “Girl,” one user confessed. “Couldn’t swallow solid food for three months when my Botox for migraines migrated to my throat.” Another laughed: “Lmfso this happened to me 3 months before my wedding. I almost called it off. I was mortified.” “Same like mineee, and now I’m freekin out cause I can’t even smile,” someone else added. Another viewer compared Ellies’ new look to Cindy Lou Who, a button-nosed character from Dr. Seuss’ “How the Grinch Stole Christmas.” “They made you look like cindy Lou who !” the user exclaimed. TikTok is filled with surprising Botox fails. Last month, one user claimed masseter Botox, an injection in the jawline, left her with a wonky smile. Last year, another user who said she got injections in her lower face found herself being compared to a “hamster storing seeds” in its cheeks.