Even a closing notice won’t rain on Lea Michele’s parade. Broadway’s “Funny Girl” revival announced Thursday that the musical will take its final bow later this year — despite seeing a massive boom in ticket sales following the casting of the “Glee” alum. The news was revealed on Instagram. “Hey, gorgeous! We’re having so much fun with you on Broadway, we’re sticking around until September 3rd,” reads the post. Michele, 36, will continue to star as Fanny Brice — a role famously played by Barbra Streisand in the original 1964 production — through the end of the play’s run at the August Wilson Theatre. The current cast includes “Phantom of the Opera” alum Ramin Karimloo, Tony Award nominee Jared Grimes and Tovah Feldshuh. The Post reached out to “Funny Girl” for comment. No explanation for the show’s closure has been given, but there has been speculation that it would end when Michele’s contract did. The former “Glee” star took over the musical’s starring role back last September following the rather abrupt departure of Beanie Feldstein, 29, who initially brought the show to Broadway but left in July after receiving lukewarm reviews. Since Michele’s casting, ticket sales have broken several box office records. Michele compared the experience of playing Brice to “being shot out of a cannon.” “This is such a dream come true for me,” Michele told Entertainment Weekly. Michele has been known to have coveted the role of Brice since her days on “Glee,” where  her character gave spirited performances of some of the musical’s best-loved numbers, such as “Don’t Rain on My Parade” and “People.” Michele has been the center of several scandals before taking on the role. Several “Glee” co-stars claimed Michele was a bully on set. “I remember when Lea came in and I was like, ‘Don’t talk to her. Don’t even look in her direction. Leave her alone,’ ” said Glee alum Lindsay Pearce. “Because she’s the star of the show.” At the time of closing, “Funny Girl” will have played nearly 600 performances with 30 previews.