A lyrical Texas weatherman captured the attention of the internet and rap icon Snoop Dogg. Adam Krueger, Chief Meteorologist at CW39 Houston, posted a TikTok after one of his fans challenged him to insert Snoop Dog lyrics into his daily weather report. On Monday, Krueger gladly accepted the challenge and gave his viewers a head’s up he would be showcasing lyrics from Snoop Dog’s debut solo single “Who Am I (What’s My Name)?” The lyrical weatherman wasted no time in getting those “Who Am I” lyrics into his forecasts when he started off saying, “From the depths of the sea, to the back of the block!” when he showed Babe’s Beach in Galveston, Texas on the screen. “Weather man on one!” Snoop Dogg captioned the post. Then he followed with more lyrics by encouraging viewers to keep up to date with the weather if they “follow me, follow me, follow me,” referring to his social media accounts. Near the end of his witty Snoop Dog-influenced weather report, Krueger added one last lyric. “We’re gonna be warm and humid, with highs in the 80s, guess what, ‘it’s like that, rat tat tat tat,'” Krueger says. Snoop Dogg reposted the clip with his seal of approval on his Instagram account for his 79.7 million followers. Krueger’s “Sneaking Words In the Weather” bit is where his followers suggest song lyrics from a well-known artist — or even movie and TV show references — for the longtime meteorologist to incorporate during his television appearances. Users on TikTok and Instagram flooded the weatherman’s comment section. “Man I absolutely love this! As stressful as the world may be the weather man is sneaking SNOOP lyrics into the forecast!!!!,” one user commented. Another user even went on to say, “This might be your best one yet!” Krueger, whose been with the station since 2020, pulls inspiration from hit artists including Beyonce, Notorious BIG, and Eminem, which remains his most viewed video with over 5.5M views. “But this weekend is looking so good, I like it, so Im going to ‘put a ring on it,'” citing a Beyonce lyric from the hit song “Single Ladies (Put a Ring on It).”