PORT ST. LUCIE — Carlos Carrasco knew the pitch clock was coming, but like plenty of others, hearing about it and experiencing it firsthand turned out to be two different things. The right-hander made his first start of spring training Thursday in the Mets’ 6-2 loss to the Braves and struggled with the adjustment. Carrasco said he felt rushed in his second inning of work and wasn’t sure of what he was allowed to do. “I said it before, I don’t have any issue with the timer, but I had it [Thursday],’’ Carrasco said following his outing. “I was rushing myself and didn’t completely understand what to do.” He said he was unaware he could hold the ball until there was 1 second remaining on the clock, which starts at 15 seconds when the bases are empty and 20 when there is a runner on base. “I was throwing the ball sometimes with 15 or 17 seconds left,’’ Carrasco said. “Then I was rushing in the second inning.” That’s when he walked Kevin Pillar and gave up a two-run homer to Eli White. Carrasco gave up those two runs in his two innings of work and said he’ll work on the timing before his next Grapefruit League outing. “He was good, he was just fast,’’ manager Buck Showalter said. “That’s one of the things guys are getting used to this spring. Some of them have more time than they think.” “It’s part of spring training,’’ Carrasco said. “I know I have a little more time now. We had a couple meetings about it, but it’s different when you’re out there.” Carrasco is entering the final year of his contract with the Mets and is looking to build on what he did in 2022, when he was mostly effective over 152 innings — his most since 2018, when he was with Cleveland. He made just 12 starts in 2021, when he was bothered by hamstring and elbow injuries. His goal this year, he said, is “just stay healthy.” He will turn 36 this month, but doesn’t think he’s nearing the end of his career. “Age is not easy to deal with, but I’m pushing myself to pitch,’’ Carrasco said. “I want to do this till my body says ‘You’re done.’ I don’t want to quit.” Carrasco just has to look at the Mets’ rotation, which is led by Max Scherzer and Justin Verlander. “We’ve got guys here that are 37 or 38,” Carrasco said. “Verlander is completely different. He’s 40 and still throwing 97-98 [mph].” Carrasco doesn’t have that luxury, but doesn’t see the end in sight. “I want to go till my body is done, and it’s not done yet,’’ Carrasco said.