OnlyFans star Renee Gracie is set to get behind the wheel once again. The former two-time Bathurst 1000 competitor is chasing the dream of competing in the biggest race Down Under once more. It’s not the first time after leaving the sport that Gracie has attempted to return and drive in the great race. In 2021 she revealed plans to spend $1 million to make a comeback by buying her own team, all part of a plan to race at Bathurst. Supercars officials at the time refused to bite on the news, labelling it as nothing more than a publicity stunt to drum up attention for her explicit content site. “She is just using the sport to sell more videos. It is not even worth commenting on because it is not going to happen,” an official told The Daily Telegraph. But the dream to return to the great race is back in the spotlight with the 28-year-old set to be followed by a camera crew for a documentary to be released by Stan Sport. The documentary, Revealed: Renee Gracie, will follow the adult entertainer’s path back to the Bathurst 1000 as she attempts to compete as a wildcard. “We can’t wait to work closely with Rush Films to tell Renee’s story and continue our dedication to produce bold, unique and investigative content, not seen on any other platform,” said Stan Chief Content Officer Cailah Scobie. Gracie walked away at the end of 2017 after driving in the Carrera Cup and Super2 before she turned her attention to launching explicit content on OnlyFans. Screen Australia’s Head of Documentary Alex West added: “We are proud to support the talented writer/directors Frances Elliott and Samantha Marlowe and producer Cody Greenwood, who have a proven track record of crafting engaging documentaries. “Not only is Revealed: Renee Gracie set to shine a necessary light on gender inequality, stigma and prejudice in sport and beyond, but it shares honest insights into Renee’s empowering origin-turned-comeback story – making for a compelling watch on Stan.” Filming for the documentary is set to commence this year with the Bathurst 1000 taking place from October 5-8. Gracie revealed she walked away from Supercars without earning a cent, and after working in a car-yard she decided to cash in on her looks by joining adult subscription website OnlyFans. “The position I am in now has set me up for life. I’m setting myself up for an early retirement,” she said. “I cannot regret bettering myself and putting myself in that position.” Once nicknamed the Devil Princess, the native Queenslander began driving as a teenager and had dreams of racing in a US NASCAR championship. Her popular account means has seen her rake in much more cash from paying subscribers viewing her adult-only content than she ever made behind the wheel. The switch has paid off with Gracie claiming to have earned more than $500,000 in one month alone back in 2020.