The Jets made an important road trip on Tuesday. A contingent including owner Woody Johnson, general manager Joe Douglas, head coach Robert Saleh and offensive coordinator Nathaniel Hackett flew to California on a private jet to meet with Packers quarterback Aaron Rodgers, a source confirmed. The Jets have been clamoring for Rodgers for months and it appears they are making progress toward acquiring the four-time league MVP in what would be a franchise-altering trade. It is still unclear what Rodgers plans to do this season, but the fact that he is talking to the Jets and meeting with them face-to-face indicates he is willing to consider joining the franchise. According to flight records, the Jets departed Morristown Municipal Airport at 9:40 on Tuesday morning and landed at Camarillo Airport at 12:49 Pacific time. That is where the group picked up Rodgers. They then flew to Los Angeles and were scheduled to fly back to New Jersey overnight and land Wednesday morning. It is unclear whether Rodgers would make the trip East with them. The Jets have been open about wanting to add a veteran quarterback since Johnson said he “absolutely” would spend big money on a quarterback this offseason. Rodgers has been the team’s first choice despite flirtations with Derek Carr over the last month. Carr signed with the Saints on Monday. The question has always been what would Rodgers want and that remains uncertain. Rodgers has not said whether he wants to retire, return to the Packers or seek a trade. It seems likely now that if he and the Packers decide to part that the Jets would be the leaders to trade for him. The Packers had to grant permission to the Jets to speak to Rodgers and that clearly happened in recent days. The first report of the Jets speaking to Rodgers came late Monday night from former ESPN personality Trey Wingo. Things escalated Tuesday and word came of the transcontinental flight to woo Rodgers. Responding to a Pro Football Focus tweet featuring Rodgers in a Jets uniform, Defensive Rookie of the Year Sauce Gardner appeared to support the Jets’ efforts to bring Rodgers aboard, replying, “Aye @AaronRodgers12 I promise if you become a Jet, I won’t pick you off in practice & I’ll burn the cheesehead.” Breece Hall replied, “Don’t mind me…Just Manifesting @AaronRodgers12.” It is safe to assume the Jets and Packers have agreed to the parameters of a trade, something that is almost always a precursor to allowing the acquiring team to speak to a player under contract. Any trade for Rodgers will be complicated and the Jets surely want to get this done well in advance of the new league year, which hits at 4 p.m. on March 15. That is also when any trade would become official. Besides reaching an agreement with the Packers, the Jets also must ensure that Rodgers wants to come to New York. They are probably also looking for clarity on how long he wants to play and how engaged he would be during the offseason program. Then, there is Rodgers’ contract, which will likely need to be reworked before a trade can be executed. Rodgers’ contract calls for him to receive $59.5 million this season with $58.3 million coming in the form of an option bonus. That is a lot of cash to pay Rodgers. The salary cap hit is not bad because the bonus money is prorated and there are two dummy years at the end of the contract. The Packers would be hit with a $40.3 million dead money charge in 2023 if they trade him. A reworked contract could help both the Jets and the Packers. The Jets also may be looking for the Packers to pick up some of Rodgers’ salary. As of now, the Jets appear to be the only serious suitor for Rodgers but perhaps another team will emerge if this drags out. The Raiders have indicated they will not pursue Rodgers and the Packers may be reluctant to trade him to a quarterback-needy team in the NFC such as the Panthers. This is all reminiscent of 15 years ago when the Jets traded for Brett Favre, Rodgers’ predecessor in Green Bay. The Jets lost their last five road trips of the 2022 season. Let’s see if they win their first of 2023.