The Issue: The NYPD’s decision to scrap a timed 1.5-mile run at the Police Academy. As a former member of the NYPD, I would like to commend Police Commissioner Keechant Sewell for attempting to maintain physical standards for her department (“Academy scraps timed run,” March 2). It’s true that cops are not often engaged in mile-long foot chases, but they are often in situations that require physical strength and stamina. It’s not up to the department to meet the needs of applicants, it’s up to the applicants to meet the needs of the department. Anyone in their early 20s should want to be in good physical shape, especially if they are considering a career in a physically demanding job like law enforcement. Making the grade should be a morale boost, not just a show-up-and-be-hired farce. Qualifications count, to the applicant and to the employer. Robert DeCandia New Hyde Park I went through the NYPD academy in 1992. There were some recruits in my class who not only couldn’t finish the 1.5 mile run the first day, they couldn’t keep up with physical training during gym class. Throughout the six- month academy, these recruits couldn’t complete the bare minimum of standards we were told was required to become police officers. Yet these recruits sat right next to me at graduation. The standards for becoming an NYPD officer are not being lowered, they are just “officially” lowering them now. The blame is not on newer recruits. The blame lies squarely on politicians and agitators for stigmatizing police officers, making it a more dangerous and unfulfilling profession. People who are better qualified and would proudly wear that shield don’t want the excess negative baggage bestowed upon it. Which leaves less qualified people willing to take the job. Richard Cassetta Staten Island What is the real reason for eliminating the timed run? Why is it an issue now? It is another form of “equity, diversity and inclusion” in the NYPD? NYPD Training Chief Juanita Holmes has gone woke. Since when does a chief outrank the commissioner? Out of a class of hundreds, 42 weren’t fast enough. Too bad, so sad. Stop eating donuts and Popeye’s and hit the gym. Mike Lapinga Staten Island Some people might be upset that Chief Holmes has eliminated the timed-run requirement so more women can be on the police force. I am thrilled! This spurs me on to use my gender to demand employment in fields I might not qualify for. As an example, I’d love to be a neurosurgeon, but many of those tough courses are holding me back. I’ve already flunked anatomy. Let’s drop that requirement. Wouldn’t patients be happy to see a woman in the operating room, regardless of ability? I’ll let that rhetorical question sink in for a bit. Sallyanne Ferrero Naples, Fla. It’s quite obvious Chief Holmes has never chased a perp for blocks or run through a public project, into the building, then have to continue the chase up 12 flights of stairs before making the arrest. When I went through the academy in 1973, they were already lowering the physical standards. It’s unfortunate that this Police Department used to have the respect of the city’s citizens, who also cooperated with the police. The real reason why they can’t get people to join the department is the fact that it has become one of the most thankless jobs in our city today. Most people would rather pick up garbage. Just look at the numbers of people who took the sanitation test. Kim F. Cody Whitestone The decision of the NYPD to drop the timed 1.5-mile run is not just disgraceful, but also unprofessional. The timed run has long being regarded as a simple but very reliable test of aerobic fitness. Even the required passing time of 14 minutes, 21 secs was quite low. Apparently even very basic levels of fitness are no longer required by the NYPD. What a shame. Frank Brady Yonkers Want to weigh in on today’s stories? Send your thoughts (along with your full name and city of residence) to letters@nypost.com. Letters are subject to editing for clarity, length, accuracy and style.