A sprawling compound claiming to be the Caribbean’s priciest of all time is up for sale on the island of Mustique. Known as the Terraces, the abode proclaims to be not only the area’s most exorbitantly priced — but also the island’s “largest and grandest property.” Listed for a cool $200 million, the Terraces is set on 17 acres of the celebrity-beloved getaway, where A-listers including George Clooney, Kate Middleton, Mick Jagger and other stars are known to reside. The main house measures in at a colossal 53,000 square feet — and is just one of nine buildings on the estate, not to mention various covered outdoor areas. In total there are 13 bedrooms (nine of which are located in the main house and have ensuite bathrooms), 13 bathrooms, seven reception rooms, a chapel, three swimming pools (one 80 feet long, one by the guest cottage area, and one with an infinity edge) and “the largest entertainment spaces on the island,” according to TopTenRealEstateDeals.com. Secondary buildings include staff accommodations and a 12,000-square-foot space containing a large event hall and a game room that’s connected to the main house by a 60-foot tunnel. Set atop one of Mustique’s highest points, the Terraces offers scenic views from its grounds, which are lushly landscaped and dotted with features including a fountain and a lighted tennis court. “Shaded arched loggias wrap around the house giving 360 degree views out to sea,” Knight Frank agent Edward de Mallet Morgan, who holds the listing, notes in an Instagram post. The interior, he adds, is “Grand and imposing on arrival, elements inside like Jean-Claude Adenin’s hand painted murals add theater and make the voluminous receptions rooms and colorful bedroom suites feel warm and inviting.” As for the aesthetic, “The Terraces was designed in a majestic blend of Palladium and Venetian style – a faithful homage to the great 16th century palaces of Italy’s pomp,” the listing adds. To access the compound, visitors must make their way to Mustique by air or sea. Charter flights fly regularly to St. Lucia and Barbados, which are respectively 25 and 50 minutes away, and where international flights can be caught to elsewhere. Into the weather but looking for a cleaner slate? Nearby, and for a fraction of the price, an entire uninhabited island is also looking for a buyer. The property, named Baliceaux (“trinkets” in French), comes without a house, a swimming pool or a tennis court to its name — but offers 352 acres of nature-filled paradise for the comparably affordable $30 million.