The judge in Alex Murdaugh’s murder trial blasted the courtroom gallery Friday, claiming a spectator leaked a gruesome autopsy picture not meant for public viewing — but The Post has found the photo was erroneously published in a livestream by WGN News. After handing down two consecutive life sentences to Murdaugh for killing his wife, Maggie, and son Paul in 2021, Judge Clifton Newman addressed the photos. “There is a complaint now regarding the posting of autopsy photographs, they came from within the courtroom, based on the direction of the photographs,” Newman said. The gory photo shows Maggie Murdaugh deceased and with an entry wound just below her left ear. “It did not come from the audience, it came somehow from within the well of the court,” Newman said. But The Post found that the photo was shown on a Tuesday livestream by WGN News. Sick trolls then took screengrabs of it and started spreading it on internet message boards. The photo was displayed on one of the prosecution’s screens during the state’s closing arguments. Dr. Ellen Reimer, a pathologist with the Medical University of South Carolina, returned to the stand to discuss the autopsy when a prosecuting attorney lifted the screen’s cover, revealing the photo. A spokesperson for WGN said in a statement: “During Tuesday’s hearing the pool camera reacted slowly during the presentation of certain photographic evidence, which was visible at a distance on-air for a few seconds. “The pool camera was not operated by WGN-TV, and we have since removed the video from our streaming platforms.” Newman compared the leak to Vanessa Bryant’s recent $29 million award in her suit against  LA County, after sheriff’s and fire department employees circulated photos from the scene of the helicopter crash that killed her husband, Kobe Bryant, and daughter Gianna. “One of the reasons we sought to seal graphic photos, because the parties have a right to privacy, a right to those matters not being publicly disclosed,” Newman said. “If anyone has heard about the recent settlement that … Kobe Bryant’s wife just made with Los Angeles County and others out there over certain disclosures of information involving the death of Kobe Bryant — liability can be substantial and it’s a risk for the most part that’s not worth taking.” “We will let everyone judge themselves accordingly within that regard,” he concluded. Alex Murdaugh, 54, was found guilty in the six-week murder trial Thursday after the South Carolina jury deliberated for a mere three hours. The disgraced legal scion, who also stands accused of 99 financial crimes, insisted “I’m innocent” during his Friday sentencing.