The time has finally come to kiss KISS goodbye. Gene Simmons, Paul Stanley, Eric Singer and Tommy Thayer announced on Howard Stern that there are are just 21 shows and festival dates remaining on their long-running ‘End of the Road’ Tour. And, in a fitting tribute to their storied six-decade career, the band will play their final two shows in their home New York City at Madison Square Garden on Dec. 1 and Dec. 2. “KISS was born in New York City. On 23rd Street,” the band shared on Instagram. “Half a century ago. It will be a privilege and honor to finish touring at Madison Square Garden, 10 blocks and 50 years from where we first started.” For those that can’t wait to paint their faces and “Rock and Roll All Nite” (and party every day), you can grab tickets as early as today. Although inventory isn’t available on Ticketmaster until Friday, March 10, fans who want to ensure they have tickets ahead of time can purchase on sites like Vivid Seats before tickets are officially on sale. Vivid Seats is a secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand. They have a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and will be delivered before the event. A complete calendar including all tour dates, venues and links to buy tickets can be found below. It may be the “End of the Road” for the “Detroit Rock City” rockers but they’re not exiting the stage quietly. On top of the expansive tour, the group will also headline at two major festivals this year. Here’s the skinny — from fellow headliners to cheapest tickets available — on both festivals below. (Note: The New York Post confirmed all above prices at the publication time. All prices are subject to fluctuation and include additional fees at checkout.) Vivid Seats is a verified secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand. They offer a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and your tickets will be delivered prior to the event. The Rock and Roll Hall of Fame inductees have defied convention every step of the way on their one-of-a-kind career. However, now more than 50 years deep into their tenure, they tend to favor order over chaos when it comes to what they play at live shows. Here’s a sample set list of what you can likely expect at “End of the Road” shows when the band comes to a venue near you. 01.) “Detroit Rock City”02.) “Shout It Out Loud”03.) “War Machine”04.) “Heaven’s on Fire”05.) “I Love It Loud” 06.) “Cold Gin” 07.) “Guitar Solo”08.) “Lick It Up” 09.) “Calling Dr. Love”10.) “Psycho Circus”11.) “Drum Solo”12.) “100,000 Years” 13.) “Bass Solo” 14.) “God of Thunder”15.) “Love Gun”16.) “I Was Made for Lovin’ You” 17.) “Black Diamond”Encore: 18.) “Beth”19.) “Do You Love Me”20.) “Rock and Roll All Nite” Set list comes courtesy of Set List FM. Their site has a comprehensive history dating back to 1973 documenting what the group has played at live shows over the years. While legendary KISS alum Ace Frehley and Peter Criss most likely won’t play with the group on this run of shows, here’s who you can expect to see under the famous black and white makeup when you attend the KISS show of your choosing: Gene Simmons lead and backing vocals, bass guitar (1973–present)Paul Stanley  lead and backing vocals, rhythm and lead guitar (1973–present)Eric Singer  drums, backing and lead vocals (1991–1996, 2001−2002, 2004–present)Tommy Thayer  lead guitar, backing and lead vocals (2002–present) You can see the band’s somewhat emotional interview with Stern from March 1, 2023 below. For those about to rock, we salute you. We also have a few suggestions for high-profile shows to check out. Here are just five of the biggest hard rock concert tours you won’t want to miss live over the next few months. • Metallica • Guns N’ Roses • Alice Cooper • Mötley Crüe and Def Leppard • Bret Michaels Want to see who else is out there? Check out our list of the 22 biggest classic rock tours in 2023 here.