Aaron Carter’s mom has released shocking photos of the bathtub where the singer was found dead — accusing cops of failing to investigate his “potential homicide” and a flurry of “death threats.” Jane Carter shared the five graphic images on Wednesday, including some seemingly showing feces smeared across clothing and the bathroom floor — as well as the tub filled with green water, in which the 34-year-old troubled singer’s body sat for hours after his Nov. 5 death. His mom said the shock move was part of her “still trying to get a real investigation for the death of my son.” “I want to share these death scene photos with you all because the coroner wrote it off as an accidental drug overdose,” she wrote alongside the pics. “They never investigated it as a possible crime scene because of his addiction past,” she claimed of the star who had long struggled with addiction and mental health issues. “Look at the photos. They were not taken by the police. But they allowed people to go in and out,” she said of Carter’s home in Lancaster, California, where people were allowed to “tromp through.” The mom said that “potential homicide information was there for years.” “Aaron had a lot of death threats and many many people who were making his life miserable,” she wrote of her belief her child-star son did not die of an OD. In a follow-up, she asked why the pics showed “towels perfectly placed” even though the maid who found his body “supposedly dragged him out of the bathtub and gave him CPR!!!” “A proper investigation was not done,” she stated firmly. After the images sparked disgust from many fans, Carter’s mom maintained that she was “totally supported by the family and friends who know I had to post the awful photos. “It’s because we are not and have not been taken seriously by Law Enforcement,” she complained. “Because of my son’s mental illness and prescription drug issues they just wanted it to be something easy that they didn’t have the time or inclination to address,” she complained in another post. “We want answers. We want justice. There are people who must be held accountable.” The Los Angeles County Coroner’s Office ruled out drowning after not finding water in the former child star’s lungs. Carter’s on-again, off-again fiancée, Melanie Martin, recently told TMZ that the night the star died he was “being threatened” by a drug dealer. The “I Want Candy” singer’s official cause of death has yet to be determined, but his body was reportedly discovered alongside multiple cans of compressed air and prescription pill bottles.