A mom has gone viral on TikTok this week for sharing her daughter’s reaction to hearing her and her husband have sex. It’s no secret that child-rearing isn’t always conducive to getting some ~quality time~ with your partner. So when Jacyi Underwood and her husband, Matt tried to steal a few minutes to themselves… they were disappointed to find out that their six-year-old had heard the entire thing. But even worse than that, she was terrified at what she heard. The incident has prompted a wider debate about whether or not it’s ethical to have sex while your child is asleep in the house. Posting to her ironically named account, @part.time.milf, Jayci shared the clip with the caption: “OMG.” In the video, Matt comes into the bedroom to inform Jayci that their daughter is crying because she “heard mummy screaming.” “[She] wanted to make sure you’re okay. So I think you should go talk to her,” Matt tells her. When Jayci goes into her daughter’s room to check in on her, her six-year-old says through tears: “I heard you screaming and I wanted to know what’s wrong. But no one was answering me.” Her mom reassures her, “Awww, our door was closed, I’m so sorry.” “[It was] like you were hurt or something,” her daughter continues. “Oh no, I’m not hurt, I’m sorry that I scared you. I thought you were so asleep. I love you,” Jayci apologizes and reassures her. In a hilarious and unexpected ending, the girl goes: “I also heard you ordering pizza.” Jayci later clarified in the comments that she and Matt were in fact just ordering pizza and this wasn’t like a weird pizza-ordering-sex-noise thing. The video has spurred intense reactions, with many laughing along with the couple, while others criticized the pair for “traumatizing” their kid. Some even recommended they “get a hotel room” or “hire a babysitter” if they want to “have sex that bad.” “Having sex when your children are home is weird—full stop,” one viewer declared. Another added: “Great job mom. Just put the TV on next time.” “Be careful with this, I have a lot of weird sexual trauma from hearing my parents have sex, it used to make me shake with fear,” another wrote. Jayci replied to this by saying: “That’s really sad, I’m sorry you experienced that. We are very careful but we are human.” A similar exchange happened when someone commented: “I am traumatized from my mom ‘screaming’ when I was younger. Definitely, not going to have my daughter experience that,” to which Jaycie replied: “SIDE EYE!!! Let me know how being a perfect parent works out for you babe. Over here we are imperfect and learn to laugh at ourselves.” Another viewer slammed the mom, writing: “This isn’t funny in the slightest. If you have a child in the house why would you SCREAM during intercourse with your partner? Children don’t know what you’re doing, and even if they did it’s incredibly disrespectful and traumatizing for them.” But others argued that “pretending sex doesn’t exist, or that sexual desire is inherently immoral,” is actually more damaging to kids in the long run. One user agreed, saying: “This is totally normal. Like yes, you might have gotten carried away, but you’re not an awful parent for having sex.” And this man joked: “My dad lived in a two-bedroom house with seven siblings and his parents. Now, how do you think that happened?? Telling folks not to have sex while kids are in the house??”