If the 5 p.m. sunset has got you feeling blue, you’re definitely not alone. Starting as early as November, those who struggle with seasonal depression, or really any sort of depression, can feel stuck in a rut with no sunlight to help them feel better on dark days — literally. Even though daylight savings may be a thing of the past, seasonal depression can still hit us when we least expect it, during a cold day in February or a rainy one in April. First recognized in a 1984 study by Dr. Norman E. Rosenthal, Seasonal Affective Disorder (SAD)  affects a shocking one-fifth of the population on the Northeast Coast. Symptoms include increased appetite, social isolation and cravings for junk food. Come winter, the lack of sunlight and vitamin D, disruption of sleep’s circadian rhythms and the isolation that occurs in colder months — especially now during a pandemic — are all factors that could contribute to someone’s seasonal or regular depression. Now for some silver linings on this storm cloud: There are some therapies that may be able to help. Some swear by a light therapy lamp, exposing themselves for just 10 minutes a day to get some “fake sun,” while others take vitamin D supplements or find other ways to stay positive and relaxed. While none of these is a cure-all for the winter blues, the suggestions below may be the breath of fresh air and blue skies that help make the days a bit brighter. Getting into a rhythm when it comes to sleep is hard, especially when the sun is setting earlier and falling asleep can be tricky. This light is designed to help, sold on Amazon (since the Philips store is sold out due to popularity). The lamp simulates the sunrise and sunset, turning your room into a glowing and peaceful place to wake up as naturally as possible. It also has natural sounds, FM radio capabilities and more. Wake up with the sun, even on a cloudy day with this sunlight lamp from LASTAR. The circular lamp mimics natural morning light, giving you a reprieve from dark winter weather for a moment. The lamp contains 60 LED lights inside and the option to control your brightness from 100% down to 20% for a calmer setting. Sit about four inches away from the lamp for best results, making winter a bit brighter. For when you can’t get outside, this is the next best thing. This tabletop light therapy lamp sold on Amazon combines both light and fresh air, as it has a built-in personal air purifier as well. The contraption itself emits a 17,000 Kelvin UV-free light, which can uplift mood while keeping you safe from harmful rays. For those anxious days when you can’t get out of bed, help soothe your worries under a weighted blanket. This pick from Bearaby is a great option, as you can choose the weight from 10lbs all the way up to 25lbs, making for a restful sleep and hopefully more positive mornings. Getting your blood pumping is super important for your health, both mental and physical. Especially if you are still working from home and don’t leave your couch or desk as often as you’d like, this under-the-desk treadmill is a perfect solution. The treadmill can be converted to a flat surface to slip under your desk or raised up with a bar like a normal gym set-up for after work. For those looking for a new supplement to get a boost of vitamin D while the sun is hidden away, here is a great replacement. From HUM Nutrition, Here Comes The Sun supplements contain a high potency vitamin D3, a vitamin usually absorbed through spending time in the summer sun, as well as help with your body’s natural calcium absorption. The soft gel tablets are made with all vegan ingredients, making them easy to incorporate into any daily diet and come in a pack of 30. For another herbal supplement that doubles as a tasty addition to your morning coffee or tea, try Moon Juice’s Spirit Dust. “Spirit Dust is a blissful adaptogenic blend of Reishi, Ashwagandha, Astragalus, Mimosa Bark, Dan Shen, Longan Berry & Goji that targets stress for relief of tension and irritability to calm and brighten mood,” reads the product page. To use, simply combine one teaspoon of the powder to tea, coffee, milk or a breakfast smoothie and enjoy. The product is described to have a sweet and nutty taste, a yummy addition to a chai latte or a hot cocoa in the winter. While not a chemical remedy for SAD, you can’t help but be in a better mood after breathing in the soothing smells of essential oils with a Vitruvi diffuser. The stone diffuser comes in five aesthetically pleasing colors, including charcoal, black, white, terra-cotta and blush pink. To use, simply fill the device with water up to the designated line, add 20 to 25 drops of your favorite pure essential oils and then return the cap and select a time setting for even dispersion all day. Last but not least, it’s been said that having plants growing in your space can uplift moods and provide a sense of motivation and accomplishment as you take care of your new living friends. Consider a subscription to a house plant company like The Sill, which sends a new plant to your pad every month. Or, for those that want to start slow and develop their green thumb, try just one of the many a la carte options, like the low-light loving Calathea Rattlesnake or one that doubles as an air purifier like the bestselling ZZ Plant. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.