TAMPA — In many cases, players leaving their teams during spring training for the World Baseball Classic has been a cause for concern. But in Kyle Higashioka’s case, there may be a little less worry because of the rapport the defense-minded catcher already has with the Yankees’ pitching staff. Carlos Rodon and Tommy Kahnle are projected to be the only two new pitchers on the roster that will break camp. Higashioka called that “probably the biggest reason I’m more comfortable with leaving for a couple weeks,” which he will do on Monday to join Team USA. He is one of three Yankees, along with Gleyber Torres (Venezuela) and Jonathan Loaisiga (Nicaragua), going to the WBC. “Representing USA has been kind of a dream of mine, and I didn’t really think it could happen,” said Higashioka, who caught Gerrit Cole on Friday night in a 5-3 loss to the Tigers at Steinbrenner Field. “So I’m really excited for it.” Higashioka will serve as one of Team USA’s three catchers, along with a pair of stars: the Phillies’ J.T. Realmuto and the Dodgers’ Will Smith. The 32-year-old said he was looking forward to teaming up with them. “Because I’ve been with the Yankees for so long, Gary [Sanchez was] here for a long time … so I haven’t had too much interaction with other catchers around the league on a teammate basis,” he said. “So it’ll be cool to just learn from them. See if they have any different tricks of the trade that I can pick up on.” Michael King struck out four across two scoreless innings of relief Friday in his first game action since he broke his elbow last July. “He was carving tonight,” manager Aaron Boone said. “The Michael King we saw all last year, that was him. I thought his secondary stuff was really good.” Nestor Cortes (hamstring) threw two innings of live batting practice Friday afternoon, in addition to doing pitchers’ fielding practice drills, and came out of it feeling healthy. “My command was not great, but [that’s] part of spring training,” he said. Cortes’ next appearance could come in a game next week. Right-hander Luis Gil, who had Tommy John surgery last May, is “doing well” in his throwing program, according to Boone. Gil has thrown from up to 120 feet, but has not yet gotten off the mound.