In 2022, the Mariners broke the longest postseason drought in professional sports. Yes, Seattle went through 21 long years without advancing to the playoffs. Now, after their untimely demise in the American League Divisional Series, the Mariners are back and ready for more in 2023. And this time around, Scott Servais’ squad is ready to make some serious noise. With a roster comprised of superstar-in-the-making Julio Rodriguez, co-aces Luis Castillo and Robbie Ray along with former All-Stars A.J. Pollock and Eugenio Suárez, it’s clearly time for the rest of the league to take note. As for the fans, we’d like you to take note of the absurdly low ticket prices for Mariners home games at T-Mobile Park this season. In fact, we found some going for as low as $8 before fees on Vivid Seats. To sweeten the deal, there are also opportunities to score Julio Rodriguez bobbleheads and Funko Pops this season too. Plus, midway through the season, the Futures Game, Home Run Derby and All-Star Game are all headed to the Emerald City for a three-day extravaganza showcasing baseball’s best. So, if you want to see the Mariners try to recapture the spark that led them to a 90-72 record last season for ridiculously affordable prices, here’s everything you need to know. A complete calendar including dates, start times, opponents and cheapest tickets available for all Mariners home games can be found below. A complete calendar of all Mariners’ home and away games can be found here. (Note: The New York Post confirmed all above prices at the publication time. All prices are subject to fluctuation and include additional fees at checkout.) Vivid Seats is a verified secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand. They offer a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and your tickets will be delivered prior to the event. If you can remember back all the way to the Hot Stove 2018 season, you may recall the Mariners’ blockbuster trade with the New York Mets. The Mets received flame-throwing closer Edwin Diaz, aging slugger Robinson Cano in exchange for prospect Jarred Kelenic Justin Dunn, Gerson Bautista, Jay Bruce and Anthony Swarzak. What’s happened to the six players involved in the swaps in the five years since it took place? Check out the NY Post’s breakdown for the scoop. Need even more M’s news in your life?  Check out the NY Post’s coverage of the Mariners here. For those who believe the best way to watch the Mariners is from the comfort of your couch, we’re here to help you too. You can catch Julio, Luis, Eugenio and the rest of the team on Root Sports Northwest, ESPN, Fox, Fox Sports 1 and TBS. Most importantly though, make sure to check your local listings before tuning in. Not a local fan? No problem. You can always stream games via MLB.tv. When the M’s are away, major stars will come to Seattle to play. Here are just five of the biggest acts headed to the Pacific Northwest over the next few months. • Taylor Swift • Coldplay • Phish • Beyoncé • Dead and Company featuring John Mayer Looking for more music options? Check out our list of the 52 biggest concert tours in 2023 here.