Sports betting is live in Massachusetts and WynnBet has one of the top offers for newly minted bettors to capitalize on. Right now, you can get $100 in bet credits when you bet $100 after signing up using the WynnBet promo code. This offer comes at an incredible time of the year and the sports world is in full swing. We are just days away from Selection Sunday, but that’s not all. There are full slates of NBA, NHL, and MLB spring training on tap. In addition, the World Baseball Classic has commenced and world is watching to see who will be the kings of the diamond. We mention all those options because you can use your bet credits on any sport or market that you choose. Be sure to find a bet that you like and wager an amount that you are comfortable with. The Boston Bruins are in the midst of an incredible season, and they are heavy favorites to add to their already impressive 49-9-5 record this Saturday. They will play host to the Detroit Red Wings, a team they defeated 5-1 back in October.While they are heavy favorites to win, there is a way to back them in this matchup. You can get them on the puck line at -1.5 with a price of -135. That means the Bruins need to win by two goals or more to cover the spread. It is a much more feasible option than laying their -330 moneyline and is a likely result considering past results. If you are looking to earn even more bet credits than you are going to want to check out WynnBet’s multi-sport parlay bonus. You can earn a $10 bet credit when you place a multi-sport parlay of at least $50. This offer is valid on Monday through Wednesday of every week, and what’s great is that your parlay does not even have to win to get your bet credits. The only two requirements are that is must contain at least four legs and have minimum odds of +400. If you or a loved one is experiencing problems with gambling, call (800)-327-5050 for 24/7 support. Terms and conditions at bet.WynnBET.com. Must be 21 or older to participate. Get set before you bet – talk to GameSense first! LiveChat @ GameSenseMA.com or call 1-800-GAM-1234.