Lady Gaga played a love game at the 2023 Oscars when she gave her “Joker: Folie à Deux” co-star Brendan Gleeson an on-the-mouth smooch on the champagne-colored carpet. The “A Star Is Born” actress, 36, raised eyebrows after sharing a hug and kiss with the Oscar-nominated “The Banshees of Inisherin” star, 67, just before the ceremony began Sunday at Los Angeles’ Dolby Theatre. The pair will soon be co-starring in director Todd Phillips’ “Joker” sequel, alongside Joaquin Phoenix, Zazie Beetz and Catherine Keener. When snapshots of the two looking lovey-dovey hit social media, shocked viewers were quick to share their thoughts. “I’m traumatized for life,” one Twitter-user virtually groaned. “IS THIS REAL?” one surprised “little monster” asked. “Get this off my [timeline],” yet another fan added about the lip lock, with one snarking: “Lmao Brendan with his eyes opened.” The Post has reached out to reps for Gaga and Gleeson for their response to the passionate fan reactions. Meanwhile, the “Shallow” singer will be playing Harley Quinn, the love interest to Phoenix’s Arthur Fleck in the “Joker” sequel. Director Phillips, 52, first teased Gaga’s appearance last month on social media, sharing a close-up shot of her and Phoenix, 48, in a passionate embrace. Both Gaga and Gleeson were nominated at Sunday’s 95th annual Academy Awards, with the pop star earning a nod for Best Original Song for the single “Hold My Hand” from the action flick “Top Gun: Maverick.” Gleeson was nominated in the Best Supporting Actor category for his role in “The Banshees of Inisherin.” She donned a bare and makeup-free look and changed out of her Versace gown and into ripped jeans and a T-shirt for her performance on the Oscars stage. The Grammy winner wound up singing the track during the ceremony, after previously announcing she was unable to due to her busy filming schedule. However, both stars failed to win their respective awards, with Ke Huy Quan scoring the Best Supporting Actor award for “Everything Everywhere All at Once” and the Indian film “RRR” winning with Best Song “Naatu Naatu.” Elsewhere on the champagne carpet, Gaga rushed to help a photographer who fell behind her as he was snapping her portrait. Once the person took a nasty spill, the “Poker Face” crooner immediately came to his aid. “Joker: Folie à Deux” is set to hit the big screen on Oct. 4, 2024.