Britain shed its last blasphemy laws in 2008, but “from that moment, people began to be persecuted for offending against the values that a post-Christian society had sacralized,” notably “the creed of identity politics,” laments Dan Hannan at the Washington Examiner. When, for instance, a 14-year-old boy with autism in northern England brought to school a Koran, which was then dropped and scuffed, rumors flew that the book had been intentionally desecrated; the boy got death threats. Yet the school suspended the boy, not those making the threats. “The authorities are not acting out of religious sensitivity but out of concern for unofficial, nonreligious blasphemy codes.” The First Amendment has so far protected Americans from such “intolerance” — but “for how much longer?” “Should the U.S. government ban TikTok from the phones of private U.S. citizens?” asks National Review’s Jim Geraghty. “Ordinarily, if you declare, ‘This app is Chinese spyware and will vacuum up all of your personal data and put it where the Chinese government can use it as it wishes,’ you might expect people to stop using it. We might think the revelation that TikTok is Chinese spyware and that it is exposing minors to inappropriate sexual material and exploiting teens would be sufficient to get people to ditch and uninstall the app.” Yet it’s growing more popular, so “I don’t want to ban TikTok; I want to ‘take off and nuke the site from orbit.’ ” Despite the latest federal assessment that COVID “likely escaped from the Wuhan Institute of Virology” where “researchers were allegedly conducting ‘gain-of-function’ experiments on coronaviruses,” observes David Zweig at The Free Press, “the Biden administration remains supportive of gain-of-function research,” which makes “pathogens more virulent” and/or “more transmissible.” But “if there is evidence of a direct benefit” of such research, it’s “not obvious” — and often such “experiments happen so scientists can” publish “in prestigious journals.” Plus, lab “accidents still occur even at the highest safety levels,” to say nothing of “the bald obfuscations from government officials” around it “and the willingness of scientists to disregard the risks.” To quote an MIT biologist: “ ‘I implore every scientist, funder and nation working in this field: Please stop.’ ” President Biden’s likely “decision to seek re-election at an advanced age” puts “unprecedented prominence” on “his vice-presidential running mate,” warns The American Prospect’s Harold Meyerson. But does Kamala Harris “have any political identity at all with swing voters, or the public at large, that could lead them to conclude she could step up to the presidency?” And “it’s hard to find Democratic pols or liberal activists who spring to her defense, either in general or because she played a crucial role promoting or defending a progressive cause.” Yet “dropping her from the ticket would create problems of its own.” All “options — not least, renominating Harris — likely come with a major political downside. Such are the by-products of seeking to stay in the Oval Office until age 86.” For residents of East Palestine, Ohio seeing “black fumes of burning chemicals” pouring from a train wreck, thunders Josh Bloom at Reason, the “last thing they need is the news media spreading even scarier — but inaccurate — information about the accident.” They’re being “bombarded with horrifying claims” about the health risks associated with vinyl chloride, “most of which have been just plain wrong.” Fact: Vinyl chloride is “considerably less toxic than many common, everyday drugs and chemicals” such as caffeine and aspirin. Its cancer risk has also “been badly exaggerated” — as “cancers do not result from single exposure to chemical carcinogens.” In reality, “the threat from the accident could have been far worse had the train been carrying some of the highly toxic chemicals — far worse than vinyl chloride — that are routinely shipped around the country.” — Compiled by The Post Editorial Board