Welcome to the house of wack. A Polish wax museum is being melted online over astonishingly bad facsimiles of Prince William and Kate Middleton — with users comparing the prince to “Hugh Grant after 20 Jagerbombs.” While the figures have been around for some time, they recently came to light via a TikTok showcase with more than 13.5 million views. “Come with me to the worst wax museum in Poland,” invites influencer Becka Blackburn in the clip. For the uninitiated, the Krakow Wax Museum — which boasts a measly 2.5 stars out of five on TripAdvisor — has become an international laughingstock for its dodgy celebrity wax figures, which are notorious for looking nothing like their subject matter. Highlights depicted in the video include a cock-eyed Donald Trump, a jaundiced Jack Sparrow and a David Guetta that looks more like the DJ and producer’s Cro-Magnon ancestor. However, none hold a candle to the botched doppelgängers of Prince William, 40, and his wife, Kate, 41, who were infamously ripped in Prince Harry’s tell-all memoir “Spare.” Their less-than-flattering wax “look-a-likes” depict Middleton boasting a preternaturally large forehead and brown hair. While her other half did sport the requisite red ceremonial uniform, his face was a far cry from the real Duke of Cambridge. The figures have unsurprisingly been lambasted online, with one TripAdvisor critic calling Middleton’s model “disheveled.” “Prince William scared me with his smile,” commented one aghast TikTok gawker about her spouse. “He looks as if he has an itch he can’t scratch,” mocked one commenter. Other critics joked that Krakow Wax Museum sculptors had carved their celebrity figures from memory, while others called it the “Wish.com” discount version of Madame Tussaud’s in London. One visitor claimed they actually saw a child crying because the museum’s statues were so creepy. The exhibition is so “bad that you HAVE to visit,” one TripAdvisor reviewer said. “Waxworks look nothing like the people,” they wrote. “SpongeBob has only 1 hand, Harry Potter and co are just shop dummies with hats.” They also weighed in on other depictions. “Mr Bean looks like he’s been hit by a bus…. And worst of all….. in Krakow…. In Poland… they thought it was a good idea to have a waxwork of Adolf Hitler!” they vented. “It’s terrible…. GO!!!” Unfortunately, Poland has become somewhat of a mecca for shoddy wax museums. Located nearby is the equally laughable Polonia Wax Museum, which features a questionable Leonardo DiCaprio, Mick Jagger and other representations seemingly ripped from the “House of Wax” museum while it was melting.               