One “Jeopardy!” contestant got the surprise of a lifetime when he met his celebrity crush — on Wednesday’s episode of the game show. Player Dan Oxman revealed his crush was the “Jeopardy!” host herself, Mayim Bialik, during the High School Reunion Tournament. “I don’t really want to talk about what we’re going to talk about,” joked “The Big Bang Theory” star Bialik, 47, as she introduced the college senior. “But apparently I was your celebrity crush growing up?” New Jersey native Oxman replied: “This is a long time ago, Mayim, but you know, when I was a little kid, I saw you on TV and I really admired how you played, like, a super awesome scientist. “Then I found out that you were a scientist and a doctor in real life,” Oxman gushed before mimicking his head exploding at the revelation. Bialik played neurobiologist Amy Farrah Fowler in the CBS sitcom, and she also holds a doctorate in neuroscience in the real world. “You haven’t aged a day,” Oxman added, as Bialik then thanked him for his sweet words and laughed at his admission. “Jeopardy!” posted a clip of the moment on Twitter, and fans promptly swooned over Oxman and Bialik’s exchange. “I was like, ‘oh, he watched ‘Blossom’ growing up too’ and then realized he was talking about ‘The Big Bang Theory’ and now I feel super old,” one viewer teased. Bialik starred on the hit ’90s NBC sitcom “Blossom,” which centered on a teen named Blossom Russo, who lived with her dad and two older brothers. “This was such a sweet exchange ,” a tweeter wrote. “This was so cute ,” another weighed in. “Bro took a shot,” one person added, referencing Oxman’s attempt to tell Bialik his true feelings. The popular trivia show was in the news earlier this week when fans declared they were unhappy with the series’ new hosting schedule. The lineup was announced on Monday’s “Inside Jeopardy!” podcast, with host Ken Jennings returning late next week. “Ken Jennings will be back on March 10, and then he will continue the rest of his syndicated run, which will take us through April 28,” producer Sarah Foss said. “Then Mayim [Bialik] will take over on May 1, and she’ll take us all the way through the summer.” Watchers have been whining for months over Bialik’s co-hosting gig and have often expressed their annoyance with her. “Keep Ken! For crying out loud he is a natural host. Mayim play acts host and it is annoying. Let her host celebrity shows,” one non-fan tweeted. “Jeopardy, stop trying to make Mayim happen. It’s not going to happen,” another wrote. 