The Saints don’t need any more time to decide on who they want as their next quarterback. Their desired quarterback seemingly needs more time, however. New Orleans is “ready” to sign ex-Raiders quarterback Derek Carr, who is an unrestricted free agent and already available to sign right now, according to ESPN’s Jeremy Fowler. “Saints, it’s my understanding that they want to get something done with Derek Carr,” Fowler said on “The Official Jets Podcast.” “Like, that they’re ready to do that.” The 31-year-old Carr and the Saints met at the NFL Scouting Combine in Indianapolis on Tuesday. Saints general manager Mickey Loomis told reporters at the combine they “had a good visit” with Carr, and that he would be a “long-term solution” at quarterback for the team. Head coach Dennis Allen echoed Loomis’ sentiment. “I think he’s highly competitive, he’s highly intelligent, he’s got a great work ethic, he’s an outstanding leader,” Allen told reporters. “Those are all the qualities that I like about him, and those are qualities that we like in the quarterback position. We’ll certainly let that process take place, but we like the player.” While the Saints have made their opinions on Carr public, it remains unclear just how much interest he has in the Saints. Before being cut by the Raiders, Carr informed the team that he wouldn’t accept a trade to the Saints or any other team as New Orleans reportedly attempted to work out a deal with Las Vegas. Carr’s refusal was likely just in order to become an unrestricted free agent and use his leverage as one of, if not the top quarterbacks on the market. The Saints’ readiness could alter or speed up the Jets’ and Panthers’ plans, both of whom are in dire need of quarterback help and have demonstrated a strong interest in Carr. Carr has remained consistent that his decision will take time, though, and is seemingly incessant on exploring all options thoroughly. Additionally, Carr likely is waiting for another team to get involved in a bidding war so that he can better use his leverage, per Fowler. Jets head coach Robert Saleh gushed about Carr on Thursday, and Jets brass has already met with him twice. Both Carr and his brother David lauded the Jets meetings, and the Jets are extremely high on what Carr would bring to the team. According to The Post’s Brian Costello, however, the Jets are remaining patient for Aaron Rodgers to provide clarity about his future. If Rodgers is on the trading block, he will be the Jets’ first option, but they are more than comfortable with Carr if Rodgers is not available, per Costello. 