Just two years removed from a World Series win, Brian Snitker’s Braves are back for more. Although stars Freddie Freeman, Dansby Swanson and Jorge Soler have since departed, the team’s core made up of Ronald Acuña Jr., Ozzie Albies, Austin Riley and Marcell Ozuna should strike fear in the heart of any opposing pitcher. Plus, 2022 National League Rookie of the Year Michael Harris II is no slouch. Let’s not forget last season’s major acquisitions Eddie Rosario and Matt Olson either. We still haven’t even gotten to Atlanta’s stacked rotation with Max Fried,  Spencer Strider, Charlie Morton, Kyle Wright and Ian Anderson. And then there’s closer Raisel Iglesias. Clearly, this is a team ready to compete. Yet, with so much talent on one roster, we’re surprised to report that shockingly inexpensive tickets are still available for home games at Atlanta’s Truist Park. In fact, some are going for as low as $10 before fees on Vivid Seats. That’s cheaper than a burger at the ballpark (they go for $13.95). Plus, if you play your cards right, you might even score a Matt Olson bobblehead. So, if you want to see Acuña and co. mash at home in 2023, here’s everything you need to know. All prices were found at the time of publication and are subject to fluctuation. Just a single game not enough for you? We get it. If that’s the case, you can pick up season tickets to all 81 home games at Truist Park here. At the time of publication, a season ticket package starts at $7,150 before fees. A complete calendar including dates, start times, opponents and cheapest tickets available for all Braves home games can be found below. A complete calendar of all Braves’ home and away games can be found here. (Note: The New York Post confirmed all above prices at the publication time. All prices are subject to fluctuation and include additional fees at checkout.) Vivid Seats is a verified secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand. They offer a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and your tickets will be delivered prior to the event. The Braves were the first casualty of the new pitch clock at the start of Spring Training. In a Feb. 25 game against the Boston Red Sox, infielder Cal Conley went to bat against reliever Robert Kwiatkowski in the bottom of the ninth inning with the score tied at six. Unfortunately, Conley didn’t get set in time which led to an automatic strike. Want to learn more about how this rule change will affect the coming season? You can read our full story. For more Braves news, be sure to check out The Post’s comprehensive coverage of the squad. As much as we’d love to attend every home game, sometimes that’s just not possible. In the event you can’t make it to the ballpark, we recommend catching the team on either Bally Sports South, ESPN, Fox, Fox Sports 1 or TBS depending on the game. Most importantly, make sure to check your local listings. Out of state? No need to worry. You can stream games via MLB.tv. Not enough live music in your life? It’s a serious problem that afflicts many Americans. Thankfully, we have just the solution. Here are just five of the biggest tours you won’t want to miss when they come to a city near you these next few months. • Bruce Springsteen and the E Street Band • Metallica • Guns N’ Roses • Blink 182 • Billy Joel with Stevie Nicks Want to see who else is on the road? Check out our list of the 52 biggest concert tours in 2023 here.