PITTSBURGH — There were Jimmy Vesey, Barclay Goodrow and Tyler Motte, who are considered to be on the Rangers’ fourth line, holding the offensive zone more effectively than the rest of the lineup once again Sunday night.. They played fast, with purpose and aggression. Every puck battle was welcomed. The trio even scored the Rangers’ first goal. Taking into consideration how much high-end talent the Rangers brought in before the trade deadline, however, the rest of the lineup is going to have to follow suit if the team wants to finish the regular season strong and feel confident going into the playoffs. To have supplementary scoring from the fourth line is a bonus that not all teams are fortunate to have. If Vesey, Goodrow and Motte are able to continue on an upward trajectory, and the top-nine falls into place, the Rangers will be in good shape. “It doesn’t seem like there’s four lines going,” head coach Gerard Gallant said after the Rangers’ 3-2 overtime loss to the Penguins. “That’s what we need. It’s one line a night, or two lines a night.” The Rangers’ top-nine has undergone several adjustments in the past two games, but Gallant has understandably left Vesey, Goodrow and Motte alone. After the fourth line had an identity crisis earlier in the season, that unit has found its game quicker than the other three lines. What’s even more impressive is those three haven’t logged that much ice time together, since Motte missed two games with an upper-body injury. The early signs have been extremely encouraging. In 30:07 of ice time, according to Natural Stat Trick, Vesey, Goodrow and Motte have been on the ice for one Rangers goal and one against while out-attempting opponents 19-9. They’ve held a 10-2 edge in high-danger chances, as well. “I thought our line overall, it was probably one of the best games we’ve had as a line/ I think just knowing our roles, keeping it simple,” Goodrow said of what’s working for his line. “Try to take the body as much as we can. Try to chip in offensively here and there. I think we have enough skill on this team. Our line just needs to be physical and try to create momentum by doing some dirty stuff.” Goalie Jaroslav Halak earned the starting nod for the Rangers, marking his 19th start of the season. The 37-year-old stopped 32 of the 35 shots he faced, including five stops on the power play. Halak declined to speak to media postgame. Ryan Lindgren missed his seventh straight game with an upper-body injury.