The Massachusetts sports betting launch on Friday is getting closer and closer, and Massachusetts residents can get in on the action before launch with the FanDuel Sportsbook. This great offer from FanDuel gives new customers $100 in bonus bets on launch day! If you aren’t in Massachusetts, new users can grab FanDuel’s new welcome offer that lets you make 10x your first bet, win or lose. The max wager is $20 so the max return is $200. Click on the links below for more information on both of these offers before TCU and Kansas State square off. Both offers can be used for any sports market on FanDuel. The Big 12 action picks up on Thursday in the second round of the Big 12 conference tournament as the TCU Horned Frogs take on the Kansas State Wildcats. These teams split their two meetings this season, and the scores were nearly inverse of each other, as the winning margin was around 20 points for each game. However, there’s one big difference in both of the games, Mike Miles. Miles is the Horned Frogs leading scorer, and his production can’t be replicated. So it’s no wonder why TCU was blown out in the second meeting. He has since returned, and TCU is a formidable club once again. They are getting some respect from oddsmakers as they’ve opened as 2.5-point favorites. Although the best way to play this matchup is to take the over as both teams will be into the 70s, the late-game free throws will help the total come in. Once you place your first bet and the event reaches a result, you will receiver your bonus bets. The catch about bonus bets is that you don’t keep your stake like a standard cash wager. Since you will only be keep what you win, it is important to maximize your return. You can do this by placing bet with plus-money odds. A bet with +100 odds will return you the exact amount of your stake. Any number higher and you will make more than that. However, be wary as the longer your odds get, the less chance you have of winning. So one of the better ways to covert your bonus bets into playable cash would be to take alternate spreads. If you are confident in TCU, you can bet them to over an alternate spread of -4 at the price of +120. The Bettor Sports Network features original programming from celebrity personalities like Bill Simmons, famous for his picks on The Ringer Network Podcasts, and Kay Adams, a former host of Good Morning Football on the NFL Network, who displayed her vast knowledge of the NFL and fantasy football. Although, it is much more than that, as they are the new home of international basketball. FanDuel TV will broadcast more than 3,000 hours of professional leagues from around the globe. So you can sweat your bets on the same app that you place them on. If you or a loved one is experiencing problems with gambling, please call 1-800-327-5050 or visit gamblinghelplinema.org for 24/7 support. LiveChat with a GameSense Advisor at GameSenseMA.com or call 1-800-GAM-1234