Saturday presents a massive sports slate and Caesars sportsbook has offers that make it even sweeter. All these games are an opportunity to build your bankroll and you can do so with the Caesars Sportsbook promo code NPBONUSFULL unlocks up to $1,250 for all new user’s first bet with Caesars. If you’re in Massachusetts, you can get the same offer but up to $1,500, with Caesars Sportsbook promo code NPBONUS1BET. That means if your first wager with Caesars Sportsbook loses, you’ll get refunded whatever you lost in bonus bets. So if your first bet is $200 on the Celtics -5 and it loses, you’ll get $200 back in bonus bets. You’ll then have to wager those and win those bets to turn them into cash. Let’s learn how to claim these offers and preview Team USA’s first matchup of the World Baseball Classic.  New Caesars Sportsbook bettors outside of Massachusetts can get up to $1,250 back if their first bet loses when they register with the promo code NPBONUSFULL. This is one of the best offers around, as it is $250 more than you would typically find at other online sportsbooks. How does this offer work? Make your first bet at Caesars, and if it loses, you’ll be refunded in bet credits up to $1,250. So if you put $500 on any spread of the teams we detail below at -110 odds, you’ll profit about $454 if it wins. You’ll then have $954 in your account; that’s real cash. If that first bet loses, you’ll bet $200 in bet credits back. You then must use the bet credits on any wager and turn them into cash. But you don’t keep the bet credit amount. So if you put $50 in credits on Golden State +2.5 and it wins, you’ll take the profit of about $45. Team USA enters the 2023 World Baseball Classic with one of the most talented lineups we have ever seen. Their first matchup of pool play will be against Great Britain who only has a handful of professional talent. While the Americans will likely be heavy favorites, we could find value in two ways tonight. With Adam Wainwright on the mound, I would be comfortable backing the USA on the spread -2.5 or an over of nine of better. The bats should come out and make a statement as runs scored in pool play is a tiebreaker. So don’t expect team USA to take it easy on their rivals from across the pond. New and existing players. 21+. Available in AZ, CO, IA, IL, IN, KS, LA, MI, NJ, NY, TN, VA, WV only. Full T&C apply.. If you’re looking to pad your bankroll, look no further than Caesars Sportsbook. Caesars offers loads of daily profit boosts. They come in all shapes and sizes, as they could be increasing the odds on straight bets, or boosting same-game parlays, or even giving you extra value with a three-team parlay on the day’s biggest favorites. However you like to bet, Caesars has you covered. So be sure to check out all the boosts they have to offer. If you or a loved one is experiencing problems with gambling, call (800)-327-5050 for 24/7 support. Terms and conditions at bet.WynnBET.com. Must be 21 or older to participate. Get set before you bet – talk to GameSense first! LiveChat @ GameSenseMA.com or call 1-800-GAM-1234.