Julia Fox’s brother allegedly stowed a myriad of ghost gun pieces inside his Manhattan apartment where he operated a 3D-printed weapons enterprise, according to prosecutors at his arraignment Thursday. A judge set bail for Christopher Fox — who was arrested with dad, Thomas, Wednesday — at $450,000 cash bail and ordered him to hand over his passport at the hearing after prosecutors argued he posed a flight risk. Manhattan ADA Cyril Heron said authorities found numerous 3D printed parts for guns inside his home. “The defendant possessed enough gun parts to assemble an assault weapon-style rifle,” Heron said. The printed parts were for notoriously dangerous ghost guns — which are guns without traceable serial numbers that are often sold piecemeal — inside the father-son duo’s home base, including silencers, large capacity magazines, upper receivers, ammunition and more. In addition to the gun parts found, the NYPD also found records indicating there were other parts that were missing. Heron argued that because of this, it was clear Fox was manufacturing ghost guns for sale. About $345,000 flowed through his CashApp account between April 2020 and January 2023, officials said. He was hit with charges of weapons possession and manufacturing. Fox also spent about $7,000 on 200 shipments of drug paraphernalia and chemicals since 2019, prosecutors said. Police found unidentified pills, a pill press, pressure cookers, fentanyl, chloroform, heroin, propane, formaldehyde, and materials often used to make explosives during the raid, and Heron pointed out some of the chemicals are commonly used to manufacture tablets and pills. Crack and powdered cocaine, heroin, oxycodone, amphetamine pills, and Xanax pills were found in Fox’s bedroom, Heron said. Fox will likely soon face additional charges for the narcotics and controlled substances found in his home. “Due to the seriousness of the charges that the defendant currently faces, as well as the anticipated narcotics and controlled substances charges, and the defendant’s access to cash, the defendant poses a potential flight risk,” Heron said. His next court date is set for March 13.