Former first lady Michelle Obama took a shot at the size of President Donald Trump’s inauguration crowd Monday, noting “there weren’t many people there.” Obama, 59, described the “emotional” day in January 2017 when she, former President Barack Obama and their daughters, Sasha and Malia, left the White House for the final time after eight years and flew over the scene on the National Mall. “You walk through the Capitol, you wave goodbye, you get on Marine One, and you take your last flight flying over the Capitol, where there weren’t that many people there — we saw it, by the way!” she said in a snippet of her new “The Light Podcast” shared with People ​magazine. Michelle Obama added in the interview that she ​was also struck by the lack of diversity at Trump’s swearing-in. ”To sit on that stage and watch the opposite of what we represented on display — there was no diversity, there was no color on that stage,” she ​said. “There was no reflection of the broader sense of America.” Michelle Obama said people were taking pictures of her and asking if she was in a good mood. “No, I was not! But you had to hold it together like you do for eight years​,” she said. The size of Trump’s inauguration audience quickly became a point of contention with the media and was defended by Trump and members of his White House in the initial days of his administration. After then-press secretary Sean Spicer insisted at his first White House briefing on Jan. 21, 2017, that the crowd was the largest of any president in history, Kellyanne Conway, one of Trump’s top advisers, ​got into a heated exchange the next day on NBC News’ “Meet the Press.” Asked by moderator Chuck Todd why ​Trump would trot out Spicer to mischaracterize the size of the crowd, Conway responded by saying: “Our press secretary Sean Spicer gave alternative facts.” Trump at the time blamed the “dishonest media” for underestimating the number of people who attended his swearing-in ceremony. “It looked honestly — it looked like a million and a half people. Whatever it was, it was. But it went all the way back to the Washington Monumen​t​,” Trump said the day after his inauguration. The National Park Service released photos of the crowd showing that it was significantly smaller than the audience that witnessed Obama taking the oath of office on January 20, 2009. The first episode of “Michelle Obama: The Light Podcast” will air Tuesday on Audible. It is a spin-off of the former first lady’s recent book “The Light We Carry,” published late last year.