Hallandale Beach had long sat in the shadow of its bustling, likewise H-named neighbor Hollywood — which, population-wise, is more than thrice its size. Now, the region’s other dale (this, a non-Fort) continues to remind us: It’s no longer just here to place. It’s here to win. In recent years, the Broward County beachside town, just an hour north of South Beach, has become best known for hosting the Pegasus World Cup equine extravaganza at its octogenarian Gulfstream Park. And it’s continuing to bet big on gambling, with a newly renovated racing-dining-shopping-eventing-über-mega-godplex for increasingly younger gamblers at Gulfstream, owned and operated by betting app 1/ST. And no, this isn’t your degenerate grandpappy’s kind of a betting venue. (Anymore, anyway.) Out are the greyhounds, banned back in 2020, in are gobs of risk-positive spendthrift Gen Z-ers already well-versed in the addictive arts of FanDueling and DraftKinging. Movie stars. Rappers. Influencers. Fashion icons. This redux clip-clop kingdom come brings all the A-list boys and gals to the yard. This year’s, forgive us, mane event was headlined by One Republic and Kygo on Jan. 28 — and return it shall, luring in thousands annually as it does. So it’s of no surprise that a luxury real estate boom would soon come up from behind. The most noteworthy to ride into town is Slate Hallandale Beach, a 26-story, 250-unit “luxury rental community” (cooler than it sounds), opened last summer on the highfalutinly monikered Diplomat Parkway. What’s got the world chomping at the bit to move in? Read on. Designed by Kobi Karp Architects, Slate was developed by Ari Pearl, founder and CEO of PPG Development, with a promise to deliver “expansive, resort-inspired amenities and stylish modern residences combined with the convenience and flexibility of living in a rental community.” Ari there yet? Indeed. Slate’s big-boy open-floor units sport sleek finishes, 10-foot-high ceilings (at a minimum), Samsung energy-efficient appliances, quartz stone waterfall-edge kitchen islands, large closets, terraces, luxe bathrooms with floating vanities and glass-enclosed showers with soaking tubs — and that’s just where you sleep. A mini-city unto itself, Slate’s vast campus includes a kid’s playroom, a conference room and business center (if you must), a dog park (you actually must), a golf simulator, a wine cellar, an event space and a movie theater. There’s even an electric car-charging station for the — I’m going to round up and say six? — Prius owners in the state. Not everyone moving to South Florida is waiting to be put out to pasture. Slate’s fitness center has a cardio room teched out with Hydrow rowers and Echelon cycling bikes, a strength-conditioning room with resistance machines and free weights; and a training room with a Pilates reformer and chair, Echelon Reflect smart fitness mirror, Nexersys boxing trainer, boxing bag and TRX suspension system. If you know what any of those  doohickeys are, it’s safe to say there’s no trip to the glue factory for you in the near future! Hitting the hay here is anything but cheap. Plan on ponying up somewhere between $3,710 a month for a one-bedroom, all the way up to $17,900 per month for a four-bedroom penthouse. The, apologies again, bridle party of a town that is Hallandale is only a half-hour trot from Miami’s equal parts maniacal and magical nightscape — so you can easily visit without having to actually live in its city limits, iykwim. Giddy up! Follow the Slate on Instagram @liveatslate.