Kenny Loggins is leaving the “Danger Zone” and heading toward the highway to retirement. The iconic rocker will play just 18 concerts on his upcoming ‘This Is It’ farewell tour and then that’s really it. “I just had my 75th birthday, and I feel like it’s time,” Loggins told the Herald-Tribune. From March 10 through Oct. 29, the “I’m Alright” singer will hit venues all over North America including stops in Jacksonville, FL on March 12, Williamsburg, VA on June 17 and his final gig ever (for now) in Highland, CA on Oct. 29. And for such a high-profile goodbye from the music biz — the man penned the themes to “Caddyshack” AND “Top Gun” — tickets are going for surprisingly reasonable prices. At the time of publication, we found some tickets going for as low as $46 before fees on Vivid Seats. So, if you want to get “Footloose” with the man who brought the world “Danny’s Song” and  “Your Mama Don’t Dance” one last time, here’s everything you need to know about the ‘This Is It’ farewell tour. A complete calendar including all dates, venues and links to the cheapest tickets available for all 18 concerts can be found below. (Note: The New York Post confirmed all above prices at the publication time. All prices are subject to fluctuation and include additional fees at checkout.) Vivid Seats is a verified secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand. They offer a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and your tickets will be delivered prior to the event. Although active since the late 1960s, Loggins isn’t logging off yet — rather than take it slow, he’s still creating well into his seventh decade in music. In 2021, he dropped the playful singles “The Great Adventure” and “Why Not.” If you want to brush up on Loggins’ catalog, you can find all of his music here. Based on what Loggins played at shows on his 2022 tour, here’s what you’ll likely hear when you see him live this year. 01.) “Love Has Come of Age”02.) “Heart to Heart”03.) “Whenever I Call You Friend”04.) “Celebrate Me Home”05.) “This Is It”06.) “Conviction of the Heart”07.) “Meet Me Half Way”08.) “I’m Free (Heaven Helps the Man)”09.) “Playing With the Boys”10.) “I’m Alright”Encore: 11.) “Danger Zone”12.) “Footloose”13.) “Forever” The above set list is courtesy of Set List FM. Many stars who are of retirement age are on the road this year. Here are just five of our favorite acts you won’t want to miss live when they come to a city near you — it just might be their farewell tour too. • Bruce Springsteen and the E Street Band • John Fogerty • The Eagles • Ringo Starr • Dead and Company featuring John Mayer Want to see who else is out there? Check out our list of the 107 biggest ’80s concert tours in 2023 here.