Jimmy Garoppolo is headed to Sin City. The Raiders are closing in on a deal with the longtime 49ers quarterback, according to NFL Network’s Mike Garafolo. Las Vegas is reportedly giving Garoppolo a three-year, $67.5 million deal, including $34 million guaranteed, ESPN’s Adam Schefter reported. The move makes sense for Garoppolo, who is familiar with Raiders head coach Josh McDaniels. The two spent time together in New England from 2014-16 when McDaniels was offensive coordinator and quarterbacks coach. The Raiders have been targeting Garoppolo after they released Derek Carr, who declined to waive his no-trade clause in February and ultimately signed with the Saints. The move eliminates a potential Plan B for the Jets if Aaron Rodgers opts for retirement, instead of a trade to New York. Garoppolo spent six seasons with the 49ers and led San Fransisco to a Super Bowl appearance in 2019, where they lost to the Chiefs. It was Garoppolo’s best campaign, during which he led the 49ers to a 13-3 record. The Raiders are now in need of a backup quarterback after Jarrett Stidham — who started the final two games of the season — signed with the rival Broncos on a two-year, $10 million deal, NFL Network’s Ian Rapoport reported. Stidham reportedly chose the Broncos over other teams to play for newly hired head coach, Sean Payton. Follow the Post’s NFL Free Agency live coverage The Raiders — who have the No. 7 overall pick in the 2023 NFL Draft — could look to select a rookie quarterback. Garoppolo started the year as the backup behind Trey Lance, who suffered a broken ankle in Week 2. The 31-year-old quarterback led the 49ers to a 7-3 record in his 10 starts before he broke his foot in Week 13. Garoppolo played last season on a restructured one-year deal, which cut his base salary from $25.62 million to $6.5 million. It was a surprising twist after Garoppolo was expected to be out of San Francisco ahead of the 2022 season. However, a surgically repaired right shoulder was a red flag for potential trade partners — which led to Garoppolo agreeing to a reworked deal last August. The 49ers acquired Garoppolo in a trade with the Patriots in October 2017. San Francisco had high hopes that he would be their quarterback of the future, but various injuries derailed the course of his career. Now he has a chance to prove himself as a Raider. 