MONTREAL — The hope was that a full lineup would provide a clearer visual of what the Rangers really look like with their newest addition, Patrick Kane, but it only revealed just how much work they still have to do as a team. Facing a Canadiens team that is in last place in the Atlantic Division and well out of the playoff picture, the Rangers barely escaped with two points after Mika Zibanejad was the lone goal scorer in the shootout, which secured a 4-3 win Thursday night at Bell Centre. As has been a trend in recent weeks, the Blueshirts’ performance was a bit of a mixed bag. Indeed, it was the first game with a full complement of 18 skaters that included Kane, who scored his first goal as a Ranger. The adjustment period has officially begun and having a normal lineup should make it easier for the Rangers to pinpoint what they need to work on. Some of those issues, however, have been hovering over the team for some time now. “I don’t think that’s something you can sit around waiting for,” captain Jacob Trouba said when asked if it just boils down to integrating new faces into the lineup. “There’s new players, I think you restart a season with new guys and it’s kind of the same feel. Don’t feel out too long. But you got to learn tendencies and it’s a new team, so they’re dropping into new situations and maybe some new systems. We’ll work out the kinks.” It’s important to mention that the Rangers are still not a full strength. They’ve been without Ryan Lindgren, whose absence proves time and time again that the Rangers are not the same team without him. And Tyler Motte is still unavailable with an apparent head injury, leaving the fourth line without one of its speediest and peskiest members. The team was also away from game action for four days, so that could’ve played into some of their lapses, too. But the looseness in the defensive zone and the choppiness of their transition game has been a thorn in the Rangers’ side recently. Even with K’Andre Miller back on defense, after the 23-year-old blueliner was suspended for three games, the Rangers defensive structure was full of holes and backdoor opportunities — as it has been the last couple weeks. These are things for which Kane and Vladimir Tarasenko cannot act as a Band-Aid. Still, this matchup with the Canadiens was a competitive one. Overlooking the fact that Montreal is without a few of its top players, the Rangers were able to answer each Habs goal with one of their own through the first two periods. Alexis Lafreniere continued his strong play with a power-play goal in the first period, while Kane recorded his first goal and assist as a Ranger. Artemi Panarin chipped in three assists in the win, which maintained a five-point cushion on the Islanders, who beat the Penguins in overtime Thursday night. Rangers goalie Igor Shesterkin, who finished with 23 saves, also came up big in the third period and overtime. Plus, the Rangers went 2-for-4 with the man-advantage as head coach Gerard Gallant continued to use both loaded units equally. There may have been some good and some bad in this game for the Rangers, but their newest player was in the middle of it all. In addition to his own goal, Kane assisted on Trouba’s 2-2 score 48 seconds into the second period. Momentum should’ve swung further in the Rangers’ favor after that, when Rem Pitlick was called for delay of game later in the period. Instead, Kane mishandled the puck on the power play and sent the Habs the other way before Josh Anderson buried a shorthanded breakaway goal. The newest Ranger, however, made up for it just over a minute later. Sniping the puck from the top of the left faceoff circle, Kane knotted the game at three-all and subsequently let out an emphatic fist pump. “Not really a play that happens too much to me, when you lose the puck with no one on you,” Kane told The Post while sporting the Broadway Hat. “But just nice to stay with it. Got a couple of looks after that and be able to score and get it back.” Kane said the Rangers’ signature garment, which is given to the player of the game as decided by the last one to receive it, was a little tight on his head. He still has some time to stretch it out.