Talk about a political party — in the back. A cheeky artist has reimagined US presidents rocking mullets with the help of AI software. Cam Harless was all business when he launched his viral Twitter thread, writing, “every American president, but they’re all cool and they all sport a mullet.” Beginning with Joe Biden, he posted a slew of digitally altered images of all 46 leaders of the free world. “I live for laughs,” the podcast host told The Post about his commanders in coif project. “When I was creating different AI for my friends, I just thought it would be funny to see [Donald] Trump and Biden in a buddy-cop style movie with the aesthetics of roadhouse.” Naturally, Biden sports his staple aviators along with a full, silver mullet that cascades past his shoulders. The AI filled in Trump’s hairline and added a lush flow, while it transformed Barrack Obama into a ’70s heartthrob. True to Ronald Reagan’s prior movie star status, his digital portrait looked straight out of “Top Gun,” while Lyndon B. Johnson emulated hippie vibes – dangling earring and all. Both Bill Clinton and Theodore Roosevelt were giving ’80s Billy Ray Cyrus, while Dwight D. Eisenhower barely got a tuft of hair on his crown. “I think I went from not wanting to have a beer with many of them to wanting to have a beer with everyone except for Eisenhower,” Harless quipped. The images pay homage to the ever-growing mullet trend sweeping hair salons everywhere, as clients – typically men – seek the retro ’do to pair with their Miles Teller ’stash. No longer are mullets saved for the likes of wrestling mania’s Hulk Hogan or rom-com dreamboat Patrick Swayze. On TikTok, the hashtag “#mullet” has amassed 10 billion views, as stylists such as Ashley Medina, who goes by “mother mullet,” skyrocket to internet celebrity. More than 124,000 likes and nearly 20,000 retweets later, Harless has even caught the attention of TikTokers, some of whom engaged in a lively round of “smash or pass” with the AI-created images. “Smash or pass: US presidents with mullets,” Becca Platsky, the host of the “Corporate Gossip Podcast,” began her viral clip with 527,000 views. She said she would “absolutely smash” founding father George Washington, but would pass on William Henry Harrison, calling the decision “controversial.” “Zachary Taylor: Absolute smash,” Platsky added. “I think it’s very hot that he was poisoned.” “Franklin Pierce would sing me a song a capella on guitar and still a smash,” she continued, referencing the AI-altered image that paints the late president to be a political rockstar. She compared James Garfield to a “guy that’s trying to get me into crypto,” citing it as proof for her “pass.” She also referenced poor Eisenhower, who she claimed was done “dirty” by the AI. “I love that things that make me laugh get to make millions of others laugh,” said Harless, who now retails merchandise inspired by his creations, including T-shirts and posters ranging from $16 to $22. “Comedy has always been a passion of mine, and I’m happy to share it with the world.”