The Wing’s New York City headquarters has listed for sale for a cool $22.5 million, according to a StreetEasy listing update. And this being the Wing — which debuted in Manhattan in 2016 as a buzzy women-only coworking space known for a chic design aesthetic, featuring books arranged on shelves by color and highly curated furnishings — the furniture inside can also be included in the deal, according to Curbed. The listing for the property, at 137 Second Ave. in the East Village, seems to mark the true end for the Wing, which shut down last summer. Despite its history of raising more than $100 million from investors, having 11 locations, boasting a lengthy waitlist and co-founders — Audrey Gelman and Lauren Kassan — who rose to prominence, the Wing ultimately wasn’t long for this world. In mid-2020, Gelman — a childhood friend of Lena Dunham — stepped down from her role after employees protested her leadership and her alleged mistreatment of staffers of color. More than two years later, remaining members of the Wing got an email saying the six remaining locations would shutter due to “increasing global economic challenges” and “the backdrop of the Covid pandemic.” Now, someone else can take over the chic space, whose listing images show globe lamps hung above desks, mosaic-tiled floors and a coral-tone accent wall that curls along the stairway. As for the furniture that can be included in the purchase, there are mod-looking lounge chairs dressed in moss-green, gold and white fabrics — as well as elegant end tables. Built in 1884, and previously the Stuyvesant Polyclinic and the Cabrini Medical Center, the offering spans three stories — not to mention a finished basement — and roughly 15,000 square feet. The property also benefits from flexible zoning, according to its listing, which can allow for a residential, commercial, mixed-use, recreational or a community facility. Other features include 50 feet of frontage along Second Avenue, high ceilings, private outdoor space and flexible floor plates. Cushman & Wakefield’s Hunter Moss, Michael DeCheser and Bryan Hurley are marketing the listing.