A mother of identical twins claimed she had to take her babies to a police station to have them fingerprinted because she couldn’t tell them apart. Sofi Rodriguez went viral when she posted a Twitter thread explaining her dilemma, joking that she won the award for mother of the year. Last week, the Argentine mom confessed that she couldn’t tell who was whom, so she felt forced to take her barely-month-old infants to the local police station for fingerprint comparison. Rodriguez previously placed a blue ribbon around the wrist of one of the twins but cut it off — and then lost track of their identities when the twins got sick one night. In her defense, she posted photos of her babies, explaining that they were only 45 days old at the time and indistinguishable in person. She insisted that even though they looked a little different in some photos, they were identical. In fact, even the police were unable to identify the children. The mother then turned to doctors, desperate to solve the mystery, but discovered that the doctors may have also become confused and accidentally vaccinated one of the babies twice. In the end, after several days of frantic confusion, the mother was able to tell her children apart, thanks to Argentina’s National Registry of Persons. The Post has reached out to Rodriguez for more details. The Twitter thread went viral with 321,700 likes and hordes of people commenting with their own stories about trying to identify twins. One shared that she painted the toenail of one of her twins to tell them apart. Another mother used jewelry to tell her children apart. While Rodriguez crowned herself the mother of the year, these Canadian twins have officially been deemed the world’s most premature twins. For their first birthday, the duo got a Guinness World Record. Adiah and Adrial Nadarajah were born 126 days early on March 4, 2022. According to her mother, Adiah is an “extremely happy and social baby, and smiles all day long.” Adrial has had numerous trips back to the hospital to fight off infections, and after his last stay, he needed oxygen support. Both children continue to be monitored by various specialists but are otherwise “doing great.”