A “Married at First Sight” star says she busted her boyfriend of four years cheating with her stepmom. Jess O’Connor, 31, took to TikTok to tell the tawdry tale, with her clip racking up more than 1.6 million views — and a whole lot of horror. “OK, here is the story of what happened between my ex and my stepmom,” the dental hygienist alleged, claiming the incident occurred more than five years ago. “So I was in a relationship for four years and my stepmom was my stepmom for like 25 years so it was quite a long time.” The reality star alleged that she and her boyfriend went out for dinner before spending the night at a home belonging to her father and stepmother. According to O’Connor, she woke up around 5 a.m. to find her man missing from her bed. “I went downstairs to see where he was,” she claimed. “He was on the sofa with the blanket over himself and I thought, ‘What the f–k?'” The brunette bombshell ventured into the dining room, where she purportedly discovered two empty champagne glasses and two cellphones. “Then there were his clothes on the floor,” O’Connor said. “So I went back out there [to the living room] and pulled the cover off of him … He’d tried to get dressed in a rush, so he pulled her knickers up, so he was wearing her lacy f–king knickers.” The Brit allegedly began “screaming like I never screamed before,” waking up her dad and stepmom. Shockingly, O’Connor says her stepmom attempted to cover up the incident by saying the boyfriend must have accidentally gotten her underwear from a washing basket in the laundry room. However, O’Connor says the smoking gun that allegedly confirmed the freaky family affair was a pair of handprints on the dusty dining room table. “There are literally two hand marks, like…,”  O’Connor told TikTok viewers, saying it indicated that the pair had been holding hands. O’Connor said she subsequently dumped her boyfriend while her dad ditched his longtime wife. O’Connor claims the incident caused massive mental health problems. “I had to go to therapy and stuff … because I got so bad on my mental health,” she stated. “I recorded a suicide note on my phone. I had time off work. It took me a long time to get over it. That’s why I’ve been single for five years.” Meanwhile, hundreds of TikTok users were left stunned by the sleazy story. “All I can think about is how dusty that table was,” one quipped. “I can’t even imagine what you felt and how you feel now but, you don’t need people like that in your life. I’m glad they aren’t in your life anymore,” a supporter stated. Another added: “This is when you should be able to sue for damages because therapy is expensive.”