Tiger Woods and Erica Herman are no more. The couple of nearly six years is no longer together as of October 2022, five months before it was reported that Herman, 38, was seeking to nullify a nondisclosure agreement she signed in August 2017, when she and Woods, 47, began dating. In the legal battle, Herman claims Woods forced her out of the property using “trickery,” and was repeatedly refused re-entry. Per the court documents, those working for Woods’ trust convinced Herman to pack belongings for “a short vacation,” but upon arriving at the airport, “they told her she had been locked out of her residence.” Herman then filed court documents in March 2023 to nullify the NDA she signed at the beginning of her and Woods’ relationship. Here’s what to know about Herman and her longtime romance with Woods. Herman grew up in South Florida according to The Palm Beach Post, which reported she was a cheerleader during her high school days. In the fall of 2004, Herman attended the University of Central Florida, where she majored in legal studies, and graduated in May 2008. Herman has worked in the restaurant industry over the years. She previously worked as a bartender at the Blue Martini in Orlando “to get through college,” according to Gianni Nailor, who was a server assistant at Woods’ Jupiter, Fla., restaurant, The Woods, in 2016. “He [Woods] came to the bar [as a customer],” Nailor continued. Herman was identified as the general manager of Woods’ restaurant in 2017. Though Herman and Woods appeared to meet when she was an undergrad, their relationship turned romantic sometime later, when the twosome went public at the Presidents Cup in September 2017. During the event, which took place at Liberty National Golf Club in Jersey City, New Jersey, Herman was photographed cozying up to Woods on the green. Prior to his romance with Herman, Woods had dated Kristin Smith from 2015 to 2017 and Olympic skier Lindsay Vonn for roughly three years before ending their relationship in May 2015. When Woods claimed the Tour Championship title in September 2018, the 15-time major champion kissed Herman on the green and made a proclamation of love. “How about that? … I love you,” Woods is heard saying at the time. Woods’ victory lap came after a string of public scandals, including an ugly breakup with ex-wife Elin Nordegren, with whom he shares daughter Sam, 15, and son Charlie, 14, amid cheating allegations. The golfer was later arrested in 2017 for driving under the influence near his Jupiter Island, Fla., home. Woods was found asleep at the wheel and told officers he had a reaction to prescription drugs, to which he later sought treatment. “It’s been tough,” Woods said after his Tour Championship win. “I’ve had a not-so-easy last couple of years and I’ve worked my way back and … it’s just hard to believe I’ve won the Tour Championship.” Months later, Woods was joined by Herman and his family at Augusta when he won the 2019 Masters, his fifth victory in the tournament. Herman is suing Woods’ trust for wrongful eviction and is seeking $30 million in damages, according to court documents obtained by The Post. In the filings, Herman alleges the NDA should not be enforced due in part due to the Speak Out Act, which was enacted to protect victims of sexual assault and harassment. Allegations of sexual assault or harassment are not specified in the documents.