The March Madness 2023 field is officially set, and as always, there are a few teams who feel they got snubbed. Mississippi State, Pittsburgh, Arizona State and Nevada were the last four teams to make the field and will play in the First Four in Dayton. Teams like Wisconsin and Oregon were always long-shots to make the NCAA Tournament field and predictably missed out, but the “First Four Out” will surely be causing a stink about being left out of the dance. Here are those four teams who may feel they’re March Madness snubs. Conference: Big 12 Coach: Mike Boynton Jr. (6th season) The Cowboys are a team disciplined on the defensive side of the ball, among the Big 12’s best in rebounding and blocking shots. They did not have a single player averaging more than 11.7 points per game, with junior guard Bryce Thompson leading the way. A five-game late-season slide and getting bounced in the second round of the Big 12 tournament sealed their fate. Conference: Big Ten Coach: Steve Pikiell (7th season) The Scarlet Knights retooled valiantly after the program’s most iconic class graduated last year, but they lost their NCAA Tournament security with a few bad late-season losses. One of the staunchest defenses in the nation, Rutgers allowed the fewest points in the Big Ten during the regular season. However, they couldn’t overcome losing six of their last eight regular-season games, which included defeats to Northwestern, Minnesota, Michigan, Nebraska and Illinois. Conference: ACC Coach: Hubert Davis (2nd season) After reaching the Final Four in Davis’ first season in charge, the Tar Heels entered as the preseason No. 1 after returning most of their core. But things did not go according to plan in Davis’ second season. They needed a run in the ACC Tournament, but were bounced in the second round by Virginia. Conference: ACC Coach: Brad Brownell (13th season) Possessing a top-five scoring offense and defense in the conference during the regular season, Clemson was left out of the field after finishing third in the ACC during the regular season. The Tigers had a 4-4 Quad 1 record. A Feb. 18 loss to an awful Louisville team that went 4-28 this year didn’t help their case. — with Zach Braziller, Andrew Crane, Bridget Reilly and Jared Schwartz