TikTok tyrannyRikki Schlott is right on the mark again in her revealing and indeed frightening description of the evils perpetuated against our youth by China’s TikTok (“Alternative facts,” PostScript, Feb. 26). This situation raises the question: Will we be defeated from within by external forces that could be curtailed? Don’t American parents care about their children? Who’s in charge? Samuel Frazer, Fort Myers, Fla. Inspiring ScottWhat a magnificent, straight-forward, heartfelt piece on choosing faith, responsibility and patriotism over anger, resentment and pity (“Proof the Left Is Wrong About America,” Tim Scott, PostOpinion, March 1). Sen. Scott’s spiritual foundation came from his family, which is so important for the development of any young person. Sadly, such support is too often missing for many children, especially those coming from broken homes. When times are tough, it’s easy to blame others, but it never solves problems. One needs to take responsibility by admitting a problem exists, establishing a plan of action to beat the problem and then fulfilling the plan, which could take time and a lot of hard work. Scott is so right that we are the land of opportunity, as proven by all the people who are desperate to move to the United States. Opportunity guarantees nothing, but it offers the chance for people to make something of themselves through hard work and discipline. Scott is an exceptional example. Matthew Pease, Demarest, NJ Japan’s evil deedsRegarding Abrar Omeish’s comments that the battle of Iwo Jima “set a record of what human evil is capable of,” she ignored Japan’s massive atrocities. These include the surprise attack on Pearl Harbor and assaults during World War II against China (in the Rape of Nanking), Indonesia, Indo-China, the Philippines and other countries in their quest for world domination (“Official’s prattle of Iwo Jima,” Feb. 27). She ignores the fact that Iwo Jima was the only battle of the Marines in the Pacific in which the Marines sustained more casualties than the Japanese. As a wounded Marine combat infantryman who served as an 18-year-old in Vietnam in 1968, I suggest that Omeish find herself another country if she does not treasure the benefits of this country, provided by the heroics of the United States Marines against one of the 20th Century’s most evil empires, Japan. Eugene Ogozalek, Scranton, Pa. Cashier assaultMy deepest sympathy goes out to Lisbel Rodriguez Luna for having to endure such a vicious attack by a disgruntled customer and her thuggish daughters (“Bx. grocery beating,” Feb. 28). Rodriguez Luna was just doing her job when she forbade the customer from cutting the line, but she still suffered a brutal beating as payback. The apple doesn’t fall far from the tree. All five women are despicable and should be rounded up and thrown behind bars for a very long time. Bill Calvo, Ridgewood Joe’s fentanyl foulHow on earth was this buffoon elected (“Mom rips ‘despicable’ Biden for laughing at blame claim for sons’ fentanyl death,” March 2)? This clown’s lack of empathy for a grieving mother shows what a disgrace we have in the White House. This administration and its cabinet are a Saturday Night Live skit. The difference between the two boys who died and Hunter Biden is that Hunter’s father is a millionaire who got him help. What a disgrace. We have a sorry excuse for a president. Jon Shapiro, Beverly Hills, Calif. Want to weigh in on today’s stories? Send your thoughts (along with your full name and city of residence) to letters@nypost.com. Letters are subject to editing for clarity, length, accuracy and style.