Jake Paul has people stumped over his missing tattoo. The “Problem Child,” who was seen in a video getting a $250,000 tattoo of an Au Vodka bottle on his right bicep earlier this month, was sans the tattoo during his split decision loss to Tommy Fury on Sunday. Paul’s upper right arm was noticeably bare while Fury handed him his first career loss in the Saudi Arabia bout — and now some people have questioned if the tattoo was real. Paul got the tattoo of a blue raspberry Au Vodka bottle after completing his pre-fight training camp in Dubai, about a week prior to his fight with Fury. He went through with the tattoo after accepting a challenge from BBC DJ Charlie Sloth, who owns the drinks company, for $250,000 cash. In a video by WVE Media, which filmed the tattoo session, Paul sat on a massive throne chair while getting the new ink on a rooftop in Dubai. The video showed a male tattoo artist placing the tattoo stencil on Paul’s arm before pressing the tattoo gun needle onto his skin. “I did it, bro. Let’s go,” Paul said in the video after the tattoo was completed. When Sloth approached him for a hug, Paul can be heard saying “it hurts,” seemingly referring to the fresh tattoo. The end of the video shows Paul holding an Au Vodka bottle up to his tattoo. “Why did that tattoo disappear when fighting or was this a temp tatt for advertising?” one person wrote under a tweet by Au Vodka that showed photos of Paul’s tattoo. Paul has not yet addressed the situation publicly. Paul was 6-0 in his professional fighting career going into his bout with Fury — who previously canceled two scheduled fights with the YouTube star. “Don’t judge me by my wins, judge me by my losses,” Paul tweeted on Sunday. “Congrats to Tommy, his team and his family. Thank you to everyone that tuned in. Saudi Arabia thank you as well. I will be back. Paul vowed to return to the ring but did not disclose any plans for his next bout. “The business of the event was a massive success,” he shared in a separate tweet. “Doesn’t mean I’m not emotionally hurt by the loss. But I am not going to sit here and sulk. I am going to use that hurt to fuel my path forward to never feel this way again.