If you love the 1970s decade, then “Daisy Jones and The Six” is definitely your kinda show (and probably already on your radar). The book turned Amazon Prime series has been taking over the Internet (#BookTok) and just about everyone is wondering how they can replicate the “Daisy Jones and The Six” cast’s amazing outfits. The answer? Amazon! Fans of the popular Taylor Jenkins-Reid book and newbies alike, are falling in-love with the Amazon Prime show for many reasons. Whether it’s the music and songwriting, steamy scenes, Hollywood, bromance between main characters Billy Dunne (Sam Claflin) and Graham Dunne (Will Harrison) or maybe you’re even a die-hard Elvis Presley fan! Fun fact: main character, Riley Keough (Daisy), is the granddaughter of the late King of Rock and Roll. And if you’re at all interested in the fashion from the show, we’ve got you covered. From keyboardist Karen Sirko (Suki Waterhouse)’s rocker-inspired pantsuits to Daisy’s flowery ensembles — there’s plenty to yearn for. The show is inspiring tons of brands to roll out some ’70s looks and many of them can be shopped on Amazon. Levi’s, for example, collaboration with Amazon Prime Video to create a top inspired by the denim halter Daisy wears in the TV series, which is now available for purchase exclusively on Amazon and the brand’s website. Related: Enjoying “Daisy Jones and The Six?” Check out other Jenkins-Reid books like “The Seven Husbands of Evelyn Hugo,” “Malibu Rising” and her most recent historical fiction novel release, “Carrie Soto Is Back.” Who knows, maybe those will be turned into series or movies, too! Bring out your inner-Daisy with this denim halter top from Levi’s, inspired by the show. If you’re a bohemian-gal at heart and not afraid to show a little skin, snag this lace-time tank top for less than $25. Pair this chain belt with a sundress and you’ll be feeling all the ’70s vibes in no time. While most probably think about rainbows and glitter when it comes to ’70s fashion, Daisy brings style back in the day, to a different level with nature-inspired shades and her faux fur coat. Dress just like Billy in this simple denim button-down shirt from Levi’s. If you’re feeling ultra-inspired by “Daisy Jones and The Six,” Free People is the place to shop. Pair this tank with high-waisted shorts or jeans. Daisy’s caftans are not to be missed and neither are her epic shawls. This one would look great with a two-piece set for your first night out this summer. A classic that every Rock and Roll lover needs in their wardrobe, a basic leather jacket. Camila Dunne (played by Camila Morrone) brings all the boho vibes to the screen. This highly-rated wrap dress on Amazon is sure to make you feel like you’re on set of “Daisy Jones and The Six.” Another classic that will always stand the test of time: Ray-Ban aviators — a style that is often worn by Billy on the show. Unleash your inner rockstar with this “Daisy Jones & the Six” inspired Essie’s gel couture polish bundle. If you’ve been obsessing over Daisy’s beautiful red locks, you too can get the same hair color! For more content, check out the New York Post Shopping section.