The UK is expected to be slammed with heavy snow Thursday into Friday as many across the nation have been grappling with below-freezing temperatures. The Met Office issued an amber warning for snow across parts of northern England from 3 p.m. Thursday through noon Friday as some locations are expected to be buried under 12 to 16 inches of heavy snow. The office also forecasted strong winds that will combine with falling snow to create dangerous blizzard conditions. The stormy weather is expected to cause “significant disruption,” including dangerous road conditions, flight and train delays and cancellations and power outages, according to the amber warning — which is one level below red. “Snow will have settled quite widely in central parts of the UK as we move into Thursday morning leaving tricky conditions for the morning travel period,” Met Office Chief Meteorologist Matthew Lehnert said. “It will be another very cold night, especially under clear skies in Scotland where temperatures could get down to -15°C [5°F] again tonight.” Rural communities could also “become cut off” by road closures and phone service could be disrupted, the Met Office warned. Officials warned drivers to drive with extreme caution over the next few days and be prepared in the event their car broke down. “It’s also essential drivers go out prepared for the conditions by packing warm clothes and blankets, food and drink and a portable battery charger (power bank) so their mobiles don’t let them down even if their vehicles do,” RAC Breakdown spokesperson Rod Dennis said. Parts of northern England, from south of the Peak District up to the north Pennines, are expected to be the hardest hit with a foot or more of snow. However, most of the rest of the UK is expected to see between 4 and 8 inches of snow accumulation and are under a yellow weather warning. The blizzard comes after temperatures in Scotland dropped to a teeth-chattering -15.4°C or 4.3°F overnight in the coldest weather of the year.