Just remember, America: If your kids overdose on fentanyl, President Biden will laugh about it to score cheap political points. Talking to a group of House Democrats, Biden smirked off an attack by Rep. Marjorie Taylor Greene (R- Ga.) over the testimony of Rebecca Kiessling, whose sons Caleb and Kyler died from the drug. “That fentanyl they took came during the last administration,” chortled the prez, adding a heartless “heh, heh.” But what of the tens of thousands more on his watch? “How dare you,” responded Rebecca. And rightly so — that sociopathic little chuckle exposes the real Joe: utterly heartless (despite his “friendly old uncle” act), focused solely on politics no matter the human cost, and bluntly indifferent to a true tragedy. Yes, this poison was destroying lives under President Donald Trump (and President Barack Obama before him). But it was under Biden — who from his literal first day in office began to undermine and erode any real border security — that the figures for synthetic opioid deaths (i.e., primarily fentanyl-driven) skyrocketed. They topped 70,000 in 2021. The trends suggest the 2022 numbers will be even worse, with the drug killing an estimated 300 or so Americans a day. True, Biden’s not the only villain here. Mexican President Andrés Manuel López Obrador has basically declared a truce with the drug cartels trafficking it as he focuses on seizing complete control of his nation’s democracy. But Biden is obligated as president to defend the United States against all enemies foreign and domestic. And his border policies are doing the exact opposite of that, leaving the Border Patrol and other agencies overwhelmed by the waves of “asylum seekers.” Some 6 million migrants have crossed during his term, including 1.2 million gotaways — crossers spotted by Customs and Border Protection but not arrested — plus all those never seen at all. With numbers like that, not even a pretense of security can be maintained. It’s a perfect environment for drug smuggling, which is another big reason the cartels do huge business running migrants to and over the border. Maybe, just maybe, getting caught chuckling at the carnage will embarrass our president enough to finally pull the plug on his border insecurity machine.