Namaste in bed — literally. Men who want to last longer in bed might want to take up yoga. A new scientific review published in Trends in Urology & Men’s Health looked at different techniques that could help men last longer during sex without using erectile-dysfunction medications like Viagra. The review from Anglia Ruskin University in the United Kingdom studied men who suffer from premature ejaculation, which occurs when semen leaves the body sooner than expected during sex. Premature ejaculation isn’t cause for concern if it doesn’t occur often — about one out of three people say they have experienced it at some time. But someone can be diagnosed with the condition if they always or almost always ejaculate within one to three minutes of penetration, are not able to delay ejaculation all or nearly all the time, or if they feel distressed and frustrated and avoid sexual intimacy due to it, according to the Mayo Clinic. Premature ejaculation has been associated with some detrimental health conditions, including psychological distress, poor self-esteem, anxiety, decreased libido and poor interpersonal relationships, according to the review. “Strategies for men to help them last longer in the bedroom could help improve their relationship with their partner and their self-esteem,” said Lee Smith, professor of public health at Anglia Ruskin University and senior author of the review. Researchers analyzed 54 studies that included 3,485 men, including one involving men between the ages of 18 and 45 — 35 of whom were instructed to run at least 30 minutes a day for five days a week and the rest were told to walk no more than 30 minutes a day for five days a week. The group of active men went from lasting an average of 39 seconds during sex to more than 30 minutes, compared to the inactive men who lasted just 50 seconds by the end of the study. Results for the active men were similar to the results of 35 men who were given dapoxetine, a drug used to treat premature ejaculation in adult men, but also comes with side effects such as nausea and dizziness. Another study the authors reviewed had 26 men take on 12 weeks of yoga and the amount of time they lasted during sex more than tripled — from an average of just under 26 seconds to almost a minute and a half. Research also suggested that pelvic floor exercises could potentially help men last longer in bed, however, it was difficult for them to assess the effect of these exercises from electric stimulation, which was also used in the same studies. A study with 31 men showed positive findings for a technique referred to as “pause-squeeze” — where men pause during sex and squeeze the head of their penis to stop themselves from ejaculating before they want to — which allowed men to last for an average of three minutes compared to one minute before the method. Overall, the authors concluded that physical activity could be a potential therapy to help improve men’s sexual performance. “This evidence is based on studies involving a small number of men, and we need more research in this area, but approaches like physical activity could help all men,” Smith said. “This is not just for men diagnosed with premature ejaculation.” “Most men may not have performed as well as they wanted to at some point, and could benefit from lifestyle changes and techniques to help last longer.” The review also found that a ginseng berry extract could improve performance, but the evidence was weak and further research is needed to confirm the findings.