Erik Hemmendorff, the producer of the Oscar-nominated movie “Triangle of Sadness,” paid tribute to the late actress Charlbi Dean ahead of the 2023 award show. Dean died last August at a New York City hospital after getting bacterial sepsis. She was 32. The South African actress starred as the lead character, a spoiled influencer named Yaya, in “Triangle of Sadness,” which is up for awards in three categories tonight. “She was a trouper, a very easygoing, cool person,” Hemmendorff told the Hollywood Reporter in an interview ahead of the ceremony. Reflecting back on making the Ruben Östlund-directed movie, Hemmendorff said that Dean immediately came to his mind when they were casting the film. “So we got a hold of her and asked her, ‘Would you come to Sweden for two days because we are not going to give you a role if you don’t do a real casting with Ruben at our office,'” the producer explained. “And she just did it. She flew over, and I mean, it was there immediately. We have a very specific way of shooting and working. There are hierarchies, but we really work with people who will enjoy working hard in that type of creative environment.” Hemmendorff also said that the actress “made everyone feel great always.” Follow The Post’s Oscars 2023 live coverage “She was always ready for the next one, a professional,” Hemmendorff said. “The nicest, most easygoing person, very hardworking. She was one of a kind.” The hit film “Triangle of Sadness” premiered last October, just two months after Dean’s tragic death. After Dean passed away, her brother told Rolling Stone that her death was related to a “very, very bad car accident” she got into in 2009, and the aftermath required her spleen to be removed. He told them that since the spleen fights off infections, it could have had something to do with that. She had been feeling “minor symptoms” just hours before her death. Dean’s other titles included CW’s TV show “Black Lightning,” and movies “Blood in the Water,” “Don’t Sleep,” “An Interview with God” and “Porthole.” Her first film role was in the 2010 movie “Spud.” “Triangle of Sadness,” which also stars Woody Harrelson, is nominated for Best Picture, Best Director and Best Original Screenplay at tonight’s 95th Academy Awards ceremony. At last year’s Cannes Film Festival, the film won the prestigious Palme d’Or award.