Basketball Hall of Famer Bill Walton is facing backlash for using a derogatory term about little people on the broadcast for the 2023 Pac-12 basketball tournament in Las Vegas. During halftime of Arizona State’s eventual 77-72 win over USC on Thursday, Walton — who serves as a broadcaster with ESPN — used the “m-word” while complimenting the in-game host. “He does not need a little chair because he is a giant in a world full of shriveling midgets,” Walton said. Walton then turned to his broadcast partner, Dave Pasch, and joked: “Speaking of shriveling midgets, what is your name again?” Pasch, who shook his head and laughed, asked, “What is wrong with you?” When Pasch attempted to discuss the Arizona-USC game, he was interrupted by an enthused Walton. “I’m guilty of having fun in Las Vegas, fun with a purpose,” Walton said, before making a quick transition to the game highlights. Pasch added, “I don’t know what you consumed at halftime.” Although the broadcasters shared a moment of laughter, some weren’t happy with Walton’s language. Little People of America (LPA) called Walton’s use of the term “m—-t” on the mic “deplorable and inexcusable” in a statement to TMZ on Friday. “Those who use the term midget or any terminology that further stigmatizes people born with dwarfism are asked to educate themselves to eradicate this word,” LPA officials said. The organization also demanded an apology from the former All-Star center. “Little People of America is asking Bill Walton to issue an apology and vow to use appropriate terminology rooted in respect and dignity going forward.” LPA also implored they hope Pasch “will speak up against disparaging language in solidarity with our organization fighting for disability equity and justice.” LPA is a nonprofit organization and the world’s oldest and largest dwarfism support organization, according to its website. The organization also noted on its website that the word “midget” is considered a derogatory slur. In 2015, LPA issued a statement to abolish the use of the word “midget,” stating that the word was “never coined as the official term to identify people with dwarfism, but was created as a label used to refer to people of short stature who were on public display for curiosity and sport.” Walton has not yet addressed the matter publicly.