New York Post readers can get in on the action of Sunday’s NBA schedule by claiming the BetMGM bonus code NPBONUS. The new customer offer from BetMGM allows bettors to make their first bet up to $1,000, and if it loses, they would still get back that same amount in bet credits, aka bonus bets. Follow the link below to find out more about BetMGM’s offer ahead of Sunday’s NBA slate. If you want to bet on something else, this offer is good for any sport on BetMGM. BetMGM users can apply the bonus code NPBONUS to claim up to $1,000 in bonus bets. If someone opens an account and makes a $200 losing bet – they would still get back $200 in bet credits with the bonus code. This works for any amount up to $1,000. After a great Saturday of college hoops, the basketball schedule heats up again today with 10 games across the NBA. Sunday’s slate starts out with a banger when the Dallas Mavericks host the Phoenix Suns at 1 p.m. ET. It’ll be a who’s who of NBA stars with Kevin Durant, Devin Booker, Luka Doncic, and Kyrie Irving all expected to play. Moving into the middle of the day, where the Chicago Bulls host the Indiana Pacers, Golden State takes on the Lakers in Los Angeles, the Hornets and Nets clash in Brooklyn, the Rockets host the Spurs in a Texas tank-off, and the Utah Jazz head southeast to Oklahoma City. Later on, the New York Knicks play the Celtics in Boston in an Atlantic Division duel. The Washington Wizards also play the Milwaukee Bucks in the nation’s capital. The schedule wraps up out west with the Memphis Grizzlies facing off against the Clippers in Los Angeles. If you like a bet in any of these games, use the BetMGM bonus code NPBONUS to score up to $1,000 in bonus bets. New and existing players. Must be 21+. AZ, CO, DC, IA, IL, IN, KS, LA, MD, MI, NJ, TN, VA, PA, WV, WY only. Full T&C apply.. One of the easiest ways to get yourself a load of bet credits is through BetMGM’s very generous “refer a friend” scheme. BetMGM allows bettors to refer up to 20 friends, with both getting a $50 bonus. Your friend will need to make their first deposit and place their $50 bonus on any sport at odds of -200 or greater in order for you to claim your bonus. For Ohio: 21+ and present in OH. Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER.