Hayden Panettiere is back on the big screen in “Scream VI” after a four-year hiatus — and she didn’t believe she could do it. “It was daunting, honestly,” the 33-year-old said about getting back into the film biz in a new interview with Entertainment Weekly. “I was a little bit worried. I was worried that I couldn’t act anymore. I mean, I took four years off.” “I had to remind myself of what I could do and to make sure that I could still do it,” the “Heroes” star added. “But I knew I made the right decision. This was the best, the best first movie back that I could have dreamt of. It was like coming home.” Panettiere was last seen in the 2016 legal drama, “Custody” as well as guest spots on “Chopped Junior” and “Lip Synch Battle” that same year. She also ended a six-season run on the musical series “Nashville” in 2018. She portrays her character Kirby Reed in the newest installment of the horror franchise, having previously played it in 2011’s “Scream 4.” “I was 21 when I did ‘Scream 4,’ and Wes Craven, the whole cast, the whole crew, it was such a family. I was hoping to find the same thing here, and I very definitely did,” the “Nashville” alum said. “It’s one of the best decisions I’ve ever made in my life and my career,” Panettiere revealed about picking up her role where it left off. “It’s bigger and better and gorier than ever.” In “Scream 4,” Kirby was last shown being stabbed by Kieran Culkin’s character. In last year’s “Scream 5,” she made a very brief cameo in a YouTube video and was labeled as a “Woodsboro survivor.” When she heard that the producers were making a sixth “Scream” flick, she jumped at the chance to reprise her role. Panettiere revealed that she called up the filmmakers and said: “By the way, I might be alive still! And I might be useful! Please, if there is a way, bring me back!” The mother of one made her acting comeback with the newest “Scream” flick, following a tumultuous few years, alcohol and drug addiction, as well as the recent passing of her brother, Jansen. Jansen died of an enlarged heart at the age of 28 on Feb. 19 at his home in Nyack, NY. Panettiere teared up in her first TV appearance since his death on Monday’s episode of “Good Morning America.” “He’s right here with me,” she sobbed. The actress and her family gathered on Wednesday for Jansen’s funeral, where she wore one of his jackets.