“Can’t anybody here play this game?”: Casey Stengel’s legendary words of despair all too aptly fit the MTA and Long Island Railroad managers who’ve managed to bungle the East Side Access project once again. The project’s been cursed from the start, not least by revolving-door management atop the MTA as multiple governors in quick succession put their own people in charge, and then Gov. Andrew Cuomo kept firing the bosses in one or another fit of pique. In all, the work to to run the LIRR into Grand Central Terminal is easily $10 billion over its initial budget and a decade late. And now that the plan’s at last gone fully live, commuters are united in fury at the result. Folks who’d had a single-seat ride to Brooklyn suddenly face beyond-challenging, time-consuming train changes at Jamaica, as well as packed cars on more limited service. Those still heading to Penn Station get squeezed, too. And arrivals at Grand Central face loooong escalator rides just to exit, assuming the poor signage lets them find the exits. Gov. Kathy Hochul and the MTA insist they’ll work out the kinks with some time. “We don’t quite know what people will want to do,” says the gov. Nobody thought to figure that out in advance? In the two decades since the project started? Did they think commuters through Brooklyn wouldn’t notice being screwed over? Even folks who already had to change at Jamaica are peeved: “It’s turned into the Hunger Games,” one commuter told The Post. Yes, current MTA managers had to make the best of bad decisions made long before their time. But the idea was to do better. “I just don’t see how we spend billions of dollars — I mean, billions of dollars — and anybody’s commute should be getting worse,” fumed Glen Cove’s Danielle Fugazy Scagliola. “It unfathomable.” Other than the few commuters overjoyed at exiting at Madison Avenue instead of Penn (we know one), the only winners here are the Harvard Business School folks who can now write a fantastic case study in how not to run a railroad.