It appears Prince Harry and Meghan Markle could still be in hot water with the royal family. Meghan and Harry christened their daughter, Lilibet Diana, on March 3 and the royal family failed to attend. The Invictus Games founder, 38, and the former actress, 41, had invited King Charles III, Queen Consort Camilla, Prince William and Kate Middleton to the joyous occasion, a source recently told People. Another insider revealed details about the event, sharing there were between 20 to 30 guests at the intimate bash at Meghan and Harry’s Montecito, California, abode. After the ceremony, those in attendance were treated to a meal and an afternoon of dancing, the source said. The 21-month-old was christened by the archbishop of Los Angeles, the Rt. Rev. John Taylor. Among the attendees were Lilibet’s godfather, filmmaker Tyler Perry, an anonymous godmother, as well as Meghan’s mother Doria Ragland. Perry, 53, was spotted landing in Montecito last week just before the religious ceremony. The entertainer flew in from Atlanta with a 10-person gospel choir, who sang “Oh Happy Day” and “This Little Light of Mine.” Perry confessed in the couple’s Netflix documentary series “Harry & Meghan,” released last year, that he refused to travel to Britain for Lilibet’s christening, should the event occur across the pond. Perry didn’t want to “do all of that in the church with them and figure all of that out,” insinuating that all the drama surrounding The Firm was what turned him off. “Maybe we can do a private ceremony here and let that be that,” he said. “And if you have to do it there, then that’s OK.” The “Madea” creator has been pals with Harry and Meghan for years and invited them to stay at his $18 million house when they first came to the United States in 2020. Elsewhere in the doc, Perry discussed the stressful treatment Meghan had reportedly endured at the hands of the royal family and the press, recalling how scared she sounded when she called him for help in 2020. “I could hear the fear [in her voice]. It was palpable. I mean, I could hear it,” Perry said. “This woman was abused. And so was [Prince Harry].” “[Meghan] was afraid of [the royal family] destroying her, or going crazy, or them making her think she was crazy,” Perry went on. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex are also parents to 3-year-old son, Archie Harrison. The tot was christened in July 2019 in the United Kingdom, with the royals in attendance. Following Queen Elizabeth II’s passing last September, Lilibet and Archie were given royal titles under rules created by King George V in 1917. Prince Harry has been vocal about wanting his children to have a good relationship with the royal family. “I’ve said before that I’ve wanted a family, not an institution — so of course, I would love nothing more than for our children to have relationships with members of my family, and they do with some, which brings me great joy,” Harry told People in January. Although, while promoting his memoir “Spare,” Harry talked about “feeling more and more distant” from his family overseas. These comments come just as it was announced that Charles, 74, was evicting Harry and Meghan from their Frogmore Cottage home in Windsor, England. The embattled Prince Andrew was allegedly offered their home. Both Harry and Meghan were reportedly invited to Charles’ coronation on May 6, but their plan for attendance has not yet been confirmed. 