Award-winning actor Kelsey Grammer says he “won’t apologize” for his Christian Science faith, recounting how it helped him find “great peace.” In an interview promoting his new film “Jesus Revolution,” the three-time Golden Globe and five-time Emmy winner said his faith got him through tough times. “I’ve had hiccups. I’ve had some tragic times. I have wrestled with those and worked my way through them,” the 68-year-old told USA Today. “Sometimes rejecting faith, sometimes rejecting God even, in a period of being pretty angry about it. Like, ‘Where were you?’ That kind of thing. But I have come to terms with it and have found great peace in my faith and in Jesus.” “It’s not cavalier. Jesus made a difference in my life. That’s not anything I’ll apologize for,” he added. Grammer’s latest film depicts the true story of a youth minister whose meeting with pastor Chuck Smith (Grammer) helps the minister spread the Christian movement across the US in the 1960s and 1970s. “It’s really uplifting. It’s a good movie,” Grammer said of the film. “My wife and I saw it together. She was just dissolved in tears and said, ‘It’s the best thing you’ve ever done.'” Grammer echoed a similar sentiment to that of Mark Wahlberg, who last week noted faith is “not popular” in Hollywood. Speaking on the “Today” show with an ash smudge on his forehead for Ash Wednesday, Wahlberg, 51, said religion helped him stay disciplined in his film career. “[Faith] is everything, it’s afforded me so many things,” the “Father Stu” star, said, adding that exercising his religion publicly is “a balance” because he doesn’t “want to jam it down anybody’s throat.” “It’s not popular in my industry, but, you know, I cannot deny my faith. It’s important for me to share that with people,” he said. “I have friends from all walks of life and all different types of faiths and religions, so you know, it’s important to respect and honor them as well.” Wahlberg, who dabbled in rap before bagging a successful career in acting, explained the transition forced him to realize he needed more discipline in his life. The Boston native added that “discipline has afforded me so many other things.” “I want to share that with people,” he explained. “So whether that’s with fasting, detaching from other things, and just spending more time with God in prayer or in thoughtful reflection and those things are important.” “God knows the things that He wants you to detach from,” the father-of-four said. “We all know those things that make us feel guilty, don’t make us feel as good as we should. So being able to detach from those things and focus on good habits as opposed to bad habits is just challenging people to be better versions of themselves.”