New York Post readers can get an amazing new customer offer with the Caesars Sportsbook promo code NPBONUSFULL. New customers can use the promo code to place their first bet up to $1,250 on Caesars, and if it loses, that same amount is returned back as bet credits. That means if you sign up and make an initial wager for $150 that loses — you would still get back $150 in bet credits, and so on up to $1,250. Follow the button below for more information about Caesars’ offer before the Philadelphia 76ers play the Bucks in Milwaukee on Sunday night. This offer works for any sports market on Caesars. The Caesars promo code NPBONUSFULL lets new customers claim up to $1,250 in bet credits. It requires a first bet of at least $10, and there’s no need to worry about losing money because the amount wagered on losing bets gets returned back in bet credits. If you win, you receive your winnings just like normal. The promo code NPBONUSFULL also allows users to get 1,000 Tier credits and 1,000 Reward credits just for signing up. Basketball fans will be treated to a great game to close out the weekend when the Milwaukee Bucks host the Philadelphia 76ers tonight. The red-hot Bucks have won 16 games in a row and enter tonight’s game favored by 5.5 points on Caesars Sportsbook. Even though Philadelphia is a good team, I think Milwaukee is the play tonight. The Bucks are just playing so well right now. It’s not easy stacking wins but Milwaukee went through the entire month of February unbeaten. Superstar forward Giannis Antetokounmpo has been the engine of their success, averaging 31.3 points and 12 rebounds per game. One potential issue for Milwaukee in this game is that Khris Middleton is day-to-day with a knee injury, so there’s a chance he doesn’t play today. Still, Middleton has been dealing with the knee injury during the Bucks’ win streak, so who knows how much his absence would hurt them tonight. The 76ers are a legitimately good team, but Milwaukee is hitting its stride in a big way and will be tough to beat on home court, so back the Bucks on Caesars with promo code NPBONUSFULL. 21+. Available in AZ, CO, IA, IL, IN, KS, LA, MI, NJ, NY, TN, VA, WV only. Full T&C apply. Who doesn’t like a little extra bang for their buck? Caesars Profit Boosts increase the net winnings of your bet by a given percentage and can be applied to all sorts of bets. Profit Boosts can be used on straight bets (money line, spread, total) and parlays, but there are also boosts that are exclusively for straight bets only, parlays only, or even parlays with a set number of legs. Profit Boosts can be applied to a variety of sports and bet types, but only those available will appear in your bet slip. Make sure to look for any profit boosts in your ‘Bonus Drawer’ on Caesars Sportsbook.