Beastie Boys co-founder Mike D’s palatial childhood home is back on the market with a $4.5 million price chop. The massive duplex, at the famed Emery Roth-designed Eldorado on the Upper West Side, first hit the market for $19.5 million last May. It’s now asking $14.99 million, with maintenance fees of $22,300 a month. The six-bedroom, eight-bathroom (six full, two half-baths) penthouse is at 300 Central Park West, and was owned by the late art collector and interior designer Hester Diamond, the mother of Mike D, otherwise known as Michael Diamond. At 6,300 square feet, the duplex — on the 18th and 19th floors — also features 800 square feet of wrap terraces with views of Central Park, the Reservoir and the Midtown supertalls. The grand apartment opens on the 19th floor to a foyer that leads to a 29-foot-long living room. There’s also a large eat-in chef’s kitchen and a main bedroom with a terrace. Additional bedrooms are on the lower floor. Design details include herringbone oak floors, plaster moldings and a curved staircase. Mike D’s parents — Hester, a social worker, and Harold, a teacher — were avid art lovers who eventually moved into the art world business full time. “My parents didn’t separate their social lives and work lives — they existed in the same ecosystem in the apartment,” Michael told the New York Times. The couple moved into the Eldorado in the mid 1960s as renters and bought a two-unit combo for around $1.2 million when it converted to co-ops in 1982, according to reports. Harold died that year, at age 56. Hester stayed at the Eldorado, raising her children there and remarrying. In 2009, she added an additional 18th-floor two-bedroom unit to her residence. Hester lived at the Eldorado for more than 50 years before her death at age 91 in 2020. During that time, the apartment blossomed into a showcase for her vast art collection, which included Picassos, antiques, old masters and modern art and furnishings. Her collection was so impressive that it was the subject of a 2021 Sotheby’s auction, which netted $26.7 million, according to reports. “I loved her fearlessness and her vision,” Michael told the Times, adding that her corner office was lined with Beastie Boys gold records. The listing brokers are Michael J. Franco, of Compass, and Corcoran’s Amy Katcher. They declined to comment.