Easter: for all the parents out there, this day consists of creating the best Easter baskets filled with chocolate, a plushy stuffed animal (perhaps one of the popular bunny Squishmallows), a backyard Easter egg hunt, some egg decorating and of course, an adorable Easter dress or mini suit. When it comes to finding the perfect Easter dress, outfit or even pajamas for your little one, Hanna Andersson is the place to shop. The brand’s newest 2023 Easter collection is filled with cute options for ages as young as 1 to 3-months-old and to a youth size 12. Let’s be real it wouldn’t be Easter without kiddos running around in adorable pastel, plaid and floral clothing during family brunch gatherings. With so many options for babies and kids on the market, choosing the right one at the right price and the right retailer can become overwhelming. Especially if you have multiple ages you’re shopping for. One of our favorite places to shop for kids’ clothes? You guessed it, Hanna Andersson. Shop some of our favorite picks below and the entire collection here. This comfortable and washable cotton jumper puts a hop in every little bunny’s step, with big pockets and fun embroidery. All Hanna Andersson pajamas are crafted in organic cotton knit that’s combed for extra softness, with super-smooth seams that surrounds your little guys and gals in ultra comfort for better sleep and better play the next day. Throw in an Easter bunny pattern — what’s not to love? This adorable outfit features easy-feeling buttons on the shirt so they can slip it on all on their own. Ideal for those celebrating Easter in a warmer climate but also a great buy for your little man to wear throughout the summer as well since the pattern is versatile. This adorable bunny-themed romper is crafted in a gentle organic cotton that’s always soft and smooth on baby’s sensitive skin. Pair it with the brand’s matching bunny hat ($30) for an ultra-cute Instagram moment and complete Easter outfit. Hanna Andersson has a plethora of sweet Easter dresses but we’re partial to this pretty and pink strawberry themed tulle dress — also available in three other patterns! For more content, check out the New York Post Shopping section.