The Jonas Brothers have created a frenzy. Following the announcement of their exclusive five-night, career-spanning Broadway residency where they’ll play a different album in its entirety each night culminating with a performance of the unreleased “The Album” at the Marquis Theatre from March 14-18, it’s been nearly impossible for fans to secure tickets for the special engagement. However, while it may seem that Ticketmaster’s Verified Fan ticketing process has left “Jonatics” empty-handed, there are alternative solutions. If you’re willing to shell out, tickets to see Kevin, Nick and Joe live on Broadway can be found for as low as $285 before fees on Vivid Seats. At the time of publication, tickets for the four other shows start at $366, $397, $306 and $334 respectively before fees. All prices are subject to fluctuation. Also, it should be noted that since there are only 1,611 seats at the Marquis Theatre that means there are only 8,055 tickets in circulation. To put it simply, when the supply is low, the demand gets high. Want to know more about which show is right for you? Keep reading — we’ve got everything you need to know about The Jonas Brothers’ upcoming shows below.  A complete calendar of the Jonas Brothers’ Marquis Theatre concerts including dates, show start times, albums they’re playing and links to the cheapest tickets available can be found below. (Note: The New York Post confirmed all above prices at the publication time. All prices are subject to fluctuation and include additional fees at checkout.) Vivid Seats is a verified secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand. They offer a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and your tickets will be delivered prior to the event.  On Jan. 30, the Wyckoff, New Jersey natives released a 26-second teaser trailer for their upcoming “The Album,” due out May 12. In the month since the announcement, we’ve learned that the record was a) inspired by The BeeGees and Doobie Brothers, b) produced by singer Jon Bellion and c) Nick’s favorite tracks are “‘Little Bird,’ about parenthood, and “‘Waffle House,’ which he said “really encapsulates a moment in time for us,'” according to People. Most excitingly, you can see “White Lotus” star Haley Lu Richardson — who you might know as Jennifer Coolidge’s assistant, Portia — in a music video for the lead single “Wings” below.  Although the Jonas Brothers have just five shows scheduled in 2023 (for now), many huge stars are playing quite a few more gigs this year. Here are just five of our favorite acts you won’t want to miss live in the next few months. • Taylor Swift • Beyoncé • Big Time Rush • Ed Sheeran • John Mayer Looking for more music? Check out our list of the 52 biggest stars on tour in 2023 here.