Nothing was going to stop this rampaging reptile from playing Gator Golf. Footage showed the jaw-dropping moment that a gigantic alligator bust through a golf course’s metal fence with ease like the Incredible Hulk. A video of the Kool-Aid commercial-esque moment currently boasts over a million views on Facebook. “Check out this big guy bend the aluminum bars and plow right through it,” WINK weatherman Matt Devitt wrote of the “only in Florida” scene, which occurred at a private golf course in Placida. “We were trying to dig holes for it to go under before it decided to go through the fence,” course employee Zach, whose coworker shot the wild clip, told Jam Press. He added that it was a “brand new fence” which they installed “to keep trespassers out and keep the safety of people walking.” Unfortunately, they didn’t count on a full frontal assault from the US’s largest reptile. While the fence-bending strength of the American alligator is yet unclear, they boast a bite force of over 2,000 pounds per square inch — the fifth strongest in the animal kingdom. To put it in perspective, that’s over 10 times the chomper power of a human. The literal gate-crashers size is yet unclear, however, male alligators regularly grow up to 15 feet long and weigh over a thousand pounds, according to National Geographic. In the aforementioned clip, the behemoth breacher can be seen walking up to the wrought iron fence and shoving his colossal noggin through the bars, bending them as if they’re made of rubber. He then shimmies his body through the fence until he’s halfway through. The video cuts off before the conclusion, however, meteorologist Devitt clarified on Facebook that gatorzilla “eventually made it through” to the other side. “He got stuck in between and we had to help him out, but the fence, which is aluminum, did get damaged,” elaborated Zach. In fact, it was this “lightweight metal” composition that caused it to bend so easily, according to Devitt. In other words, the saga brought new meaning to the phrase “deflate gate.” Either way, the social media commentariat was impressed by the rampaging reptile’s frightening feat of strength with one gawker writing, “That’s not an alligator that’s Godzilla lol.” “Like a scene from Jurassic Park,” commented another in reference to the thriller’s iconic scene where the T-rex busts down the fence to escape its paddock. “He’s got a career as a fence product tester ahead of him,” said one astounded viewer. Another wrote, “Who knew Superman was an alligator!” Interestingly, gators are not an uncommon sight at golf courses in Florida, which is home to 1.3 million of the reptiles, according to the Florida Fish & Wildlife Department. While attacks are rare, the FFWD warns people to remain vigilant, especially with regard to gators that measure more than 4 feet and pose a threat to pets, property and people. Last month, an 85-year-old woman after a 10-foot alligator attacked her while she was walking her dog outside a retirement community.