Rapper Travis Scott socked a sound engineer in the face and damaged $12,000 worth of equipment at a Midtown club early Wednesday, authorities and police sources said. The 31-year-old rapper – who has not been arrested and remains at large – punched the 52-year-old man during a dispute inside club Nebula on West 41st Street near Broadway around 2 a.m., according to police and the sources. He also damaged an audio speaker with a video screen, worth about $12,000, cops said. “Travis came in angry and intoxicated and progressively went postal,” a source said. “His shirt said ‘Back the f–k up.’ It’s like he was poised for battle. It was foreshadowing.” The ordeal unfolded as rapper Don Toliver, who is signed to Scott’s label, was performing at the club, sources said. The pair had earlier performed on stage together during Toliver’s show at Irving Plaza Tuesday night, according to videos posted online. One source claimed Scott erupted after the soundman lowered the speaker volume because “Travis had it all the way blasting and distorted.” “Travis then walks over to the soundman yelling aggressively in his face on why he lowered the sound, then he smacks the soundman right across the face,” the source alleged, adding it caused a “big commotion” between Scott’s security and club personnel. “He was upset about the sound. He punched one of the speakers and dented it, that’s how hard it was,” another source said of Scott’s alleged outburst. The source said Scott then took a fan’s phone who had been recording the show and threw it to the ground. The “Sicko Mode” rapper allegedly fled west on West 41st Street in an unknown vehicle in the aftermath. Two of his reps did not immediately respond to calls for comment. The victim did not complain of pain or have any visible injuries, cops said. Travis Scott, born Jacques Bermon Webster II, began dating Kylie Jenner in 2017 when they were spotted getting cozy at Coachella. They have two children in common, Aire, 1, and Stormi, 5. The pair are reportedly no longer together. Additional reporting Georgett Roberts and Emily Crane