She’s cleaning house of these brands. A Michigan house cleaner is advising her social media followers to stop using four popular household products, including a glass spray that may leave fans feeling blue. Alyssa Armstrong, who owns Alyssa’s Cleaning Company, took to TikTok to share her tips in a video that is sweeping the platform with 705,000 views. Windex, a blue-tinted solution that cleans glass and windows, rubs Armstrong the wrong way. “Windex, not the best glass cleaner, and it’s not ammonia free,” she claimed. “Sprayway is.“ Windex does make an ammonia-free version, which is purple. The Post reached out to Armstrong for comment, as well as the companies that manufacture the products she has brushed aside. The next solution she advises against is Bona Hardwood Floor Polish, which Armstrong claims actually “leaves a film” on floors. “It’s very expensive, and I don’t care that your hardwood-floor person recommended it,” she argued. “Don’t use it.” In a statement to The Post, Bona’s senior brand manager Leah Bradley noted the floor polish “is intended for use a few times a year, not as a regular floor cleaning product.” “It is a protective polish that renews hardwood and hard-surface floors by filling in micro scratches and scuffs, shielding against future wear and traffic, and adding a durable shine,” the statement continued. “If the product is streaking, it can mean that there is an existing film on the floor (sometimes left behind by oil-based cleaning products), which can be removed by first cleaning with our Bona PowerPlus Hardwood Floor Cleaner.” Another item Armstrong trashes is Mr. Clean Magic Erasers — cleaning sponges made with melamine foam. On the product’s website, Procter & Gamble claims you can use them on walls, bathtubs, oven doors, light switches, doors and everything in between. But Armstrong doesn’t think they’re worth the hype. “Way too expensive,” she dished of the sponges. “They break in, like, five seconds.” Her last recommendation is to ditch any sponge not from the brand Scrub Daddy, as she held up a package of green and yellow sponges from Dawn. “Yes, these are cheaper, but they suck,” Armstrong said of the Dawn sponges. “They’re not cute, like Scrub Daddy ones, and these stink after, like, one use. My Scrub Daddies have never stunk.” In the caption of her post, Armstrong maintained these are merely her opinions, and people should buy whatever they want. Some TikTokers agreed with Armstrong’s picks and pans. “You are 100 percent correct on everything,” one viewer seconded. Another chimed in, “I actually agree with all of these! I just tried the scrub daddy square sponge and I love it! .” “Yes!!” a viewer replied. “The one thing that got me shocked was how scrub daddies rly dont stink.” Other users defended their faves. “Bona is the ONLY thing that doesn’t make my kitchen floor streak,” someone confessed. “I love my Mr. Clean sponges. They have my bathrooms and kitchen so clean,” another offered. In other #CleanTok news, a TikToker recently admitted to bleaching the tub during hotel stays, while another person claimed to use a towel in the tub to protect themselves from previous guests’ germs. In January, a woman documented her husband’s attempt to clean their fridge — which he ruined by using steel wool.