Not even death can keep the late Queen Elizabeth II from seeing her beloved corgis, according to Sarah Ferguson. Ferguson, 63, said Elizabeth’s corgis Sandy and Muick “bark at nothing” when they sense the Queen’s spirit is near. The Duchess of York and her ex-husband, Prince Andrew, 63, inherited the dogs after the monarch died in September. “They are national icons, so every time they run chasing a squirrel, I panic,” Ferguson told People in a recent profile. “But they’re total joys, and I always think that when they bark at nothing, and there’s no squirrels in sight, I believe it’s because the Queen is passing by,” the “A Most Intriguing Lady” author shared. She went on: “They’re with me a lot, and they think I’m very funny.” The “Young Victoria” producer also reflected on the late Queen’s historic 70-year reign and on the type of person she was. “She put you at ease straightaway … She knew how to make people feel good. She never took it onboard as about her. It’s about the monarchy, about making someone feel good. She was my total idol,” Fergie remembered her former mother-in-law. Back in October, Ferguson opened up about life with Sandy and Muick and how grateful she was to take them on. During the Henley Literary Festival, she described the adoption as a “big honor,” and called the corgis “national treasure[s],” adding they were “taught well.” She joked: “They all balance out, the carpet moves as I move but I’ve got used to it now.” Andrew and Fergie also own five Norfolk terriers in addition to the corgis. The Duke of York appears to have a similarly affectionate relationship with the corgis and was photographed comforting them during his mother’s funeral on Sept. 19. His relationship with the royal family is allegedly more strained. He was stripped of his royal duties in 2019 due to his connection to convicted pedophile Jeffrey Epstein and is reportedly “insulted” that his elder brother, King Charles III, is making him move from the Royal Lodge to Frogmore Cottage.