LeBron James doesn’t seem impressed with some NBA players. On Monday night, the Lakers star — who’s currently in a walking boot due to a foot injury that will sideline him for at least a few weeks — said in a tweet that his son, Bronny James is “better” than some of the NBA talent he was watching on television. “Man Bronny definitely better than some of these cats I’ve been watching on league pass today. S–t lightweight hilarious,” James wrote, adding a few crying-laughing emojis. Although James did not name names, the slate of Monday games that aired on League Pass included: 76ers-Pacers, Celtics-Cavaliers, Trail Blazers-Pistons and Raptors-Nuggets. Bronny, a 6-foot-3, 180-pound point guard, is in his senior year playing for Sierra Canyon High School in Los Angeles, Calif. He becomes draft-eligible in 2024. The 18-year-old is currently ranked No. 28 in the ESPN 100 for the 2023 senior class, with the network grading him as a four-star recruit. In January, James told The Oregonian that Oregon, Ohio State and USC are in Bronny’s “top five or six” — and that his eldest son is still in the decision-making process. “He’s going to make his own decision, but there’s a chance,” James said about the possibility of Bronny suiting up for Oregon. “I think Bronny can go to any college he wants to. All I have to do is pick up the phone. If Bronny says he wants to go there, he’s good enough.” Bronny — who was named to the boys’ McDonald’s All-American game in January — reportedly has offers from a number of schools, including Memphis, Ohio State, USC, Kentucky, Oregon and Michigan. It’s also been rumored that James could consider the G League Ignite, a developmental team in the NBA G League. Some college coaches have said the recruiting process for Bronny has been difficult due to his level of celebrity. “I tried to get involved, but you had to jump through a thousand hoops just to get to the mom,” one ACC coach told On3. “You’re not allowed to talk to the kid. You have to schedule a time on Tuesday or Thursday with the publicist just to talk to the mom [Savannah James].” James, who became the NBA’s all-time leading scorer on Feb. 7, has been open about his desire to one day play alongside Bronny in the NBA. During a Twitter Q&A with fans in May, the 38-year-old James said, “That’s the plan! God willing,” when asked if he’s planning to play with Bronny in the NBA.