Ooh na na, what’s her name? Fans took to Twitter to critique Jimmy Kimmel’s pronunciation of Rihanna’s name Sunday night during the Oscars 2023 telecast — but was he wrong? Throughout the show, Kimmel was heard introducing the first-time nominee as “Rih-ANN-uh,” which didn’t sit right with some of the “Bad Girl” icon’s fans. As per usual, rabid social media watchdogs promptly logged onto Twitter to snap at this year’s Oscars host for mispronouncing the pop superstar’s name. “I will be haunted by Jimmy Kimmel’s pronunciation of ‘Rihanna,’ ” @hannahkritz complained. “Why is Jimmy Kimmel pronouncing Rihanna like he’s from Canada?” @billburton sniped. “Why does Jimmy Kimmel say Rihanna like that? Or have I been saying it wrong for like a decade?” @JLrube questioned. However, it turns out Kimmel was actually using the proper pronunciation of the Barbadian musician’s name. “Jimmy Kimmel pronounces Rihanna like he’s from Nigeria. That might actually even be the correct way to say it,” @ParacelsusII noted. “Shoutout to Jimmy Kimmel for being like the first person to pronounce Rihanna’s name correctly,” @ShenaeCurry said. “Listen to Jimmy Kimmel pronouncing Rihanna’s name *correctly,*” @AndySwift tweeted. The singer has previously clarified way back in 2010 that her name is correctly pronounced “Rih-ANN-uh” — although it’s still not the way many of her fans say it. Rihanna was invited to this year’s 95th annual Academy Awards ceremony after being nominated for her performance of “Lift Me Up” from “Black Panther: Wakanda Forever.” Kimmel gave a shout-out to the celebrity in his opening monologue joking about the length of the awards show and Rihanna’s infant son. “Last month she performed at the Super Bowl and tonight Rihanna will be performing at our half-time in just about four and a half hours from now,” he quipped. “Rihanna has a 9-month-old backstage. He’s very cute,” the TV host added. “He pooped during rehearsal. You know who the last person was to poop backstage at the Oscars? The accountant that mixed up the envelopes.” Later in the show, Rihanna performed “Lift Me Up” as a touching tribute to Chadwick Boseman, who starred as the Black Panther before passing away from colon cancer on Aug. 28, 2020. Her song did not win the Oscar — “RRR’s” dance track “Naatu Naatu” won — but the “Black Panther” sequel did bring home a few awards, including Best Costume Design, which made Ruth E. Carter the first black woman to win two Oscars and the first designer to win for both an original film and its sequel.