Prince Harry has made the most shocking claim since he’s left royal life. “I certainly don’t see myself as a victim,” he told Gabor Mate, the renowned Hungarian-Canadian physician and author in an online therapy session to plug his cringey memoir “Spare.” It’s a rather hollow sentiment considering the royal has spent his last three years claiming the “poor me” title of Duke of Roadkill from the House of Windsor. In a multimedia effort, he’s chronicled every sin committed against him by his cold, distant, racist family — and of course, the media. But now, Harry, who clearly read every scathing review from all corners of the press, is reframing his tawdry tell-alls. He called his perpetual oversharing an “act of service,” attaching virtue and charity to systematically and publicly tossing his family under the bus. In this, Harry’s latest journey into his well-tread mental inner sanctum, the price of entry was a cool $37.15. Viewers received an hour and a half of psychobabble buzzwords discernible only to people who use the phrase, “lived experience.” At times, it seemed I was watching a fierce competition between two grown men to see who could employ the word “trauma” more. Yes, it was a trauma-pa-looza. First, the good doctor noted that Harry suffered from not being cuddled and hugged as a child. As a result, Harry said, he “smothers” his kids with love. Harry said he’s always felt different from his family and was not interested in erudite pursuits. He thrived on the rugby field and in wilderness. And he said the military was a good place for him because the armed forces “tends to recruit people from broken homes.” They talked about drugs: Harry dabbled in cocaine. He said marijuana helped him, and Ayahuasca assisted in clearing the “windshield.” But this wasn’t all an empty, exploitative exercise. Mate unwittingly opened a fascinating window into Prince Harry’s mind when he offered him numerous mental health diagnoses. These clinical assessments were based off the doc’s reading of “Spare.” Instantly, Harry lit up at the prospect of piling more onto his stack of issues to be worked out in therapy, his favorite sport. Mate said Harry has ADD. And fittingly as the conversation starts to meander into other areas (as ADD will make you do), Harry kept interrupting. He wanted Mate to finish the list, giggling like a child at Christmas. Mate noted that Harry has depression, agoraphobia, anxiety and post-traumatic stress injury. Not post-traumatic stress disorder. Language matters. Whatever words you want to use, there’s one clear conclusion: Prince Harry is addicted to trauma, whether real or imagined. He and his wife Meghan Markle quite literally live in a house that trauma built — a $14.7 million Montecito retreat — paid for by trading on his family turmoil and his childhood tragedies. There is a point where Harry and Mate discuss how acknowledging trauma helps trigger the process of healing. But it’s clear that Prince Harry doesn’t want to move on or close old wounds. Being injured and aggrieved is the ginger prince’s most comfortable place and sadly, what he views as his most valuable resource. Yes, the “T” word to him is like a warm bed on a cold, rainy morning. And he’s not moving.