Shakira is a proud New York Islanders fan. The 46-year-old songstress was all smiles Saturday at UBS Arena, where she cheered on New York in their 5-1 loss to the Washington Capitals. Shakira sported a furry white Islanders hat for the game, where she posed for a photo with “Today” feature anchor Carson Daly, who also rocked Isles gear. “The Queen of Latin Music was cheering on the #Isles with Carson Daly last night at @UBSArena!” the Islanders wrote on Twitter, where the team posted the star-studded snap. The official account for the NHL also shared the photo and gushed over Shakira’s presence. It was a joyful reunion for Shakira and Daly, 49, as the duo previously worked together on NBC’s “The Voice” in 2013 and 2014. One day after taking in the Islanders, Shakira attended the “Blue Man Group” show at The Astor Place Theatre, where she posed for a photo backstage with the infamous group. The Grammy-winning singer kicked off an exciting weekend in New York with a visit to “The Tonight Show,” where she performed Friday. Shakira performed her No. 1 song, “Bzrp Music Sessions, Vol. 53,” with Argentinian producer and DJ Bizarrap. The duo broke 14 Guinness World Records with their collaboration, the organization announced on Friday, making her a 17-time record holder. Shakira and Bizarrap accepted the honors backstage at “The Tonight Show” and posed with her 14 plaques. It was in January when Shakira released “Bzrp Music Sessions, Vol. 53,” which is an empowerment anthem and diss track about her longtime ex-boyfriend, Spanish soccer star Gerard Piqué. “The thing with this song is that it has become sort of an anthem for so many women out there,” Shakira told host Jimmy Fallon. “I’ve had a really rough year after my separation and writing this son has been so important to me. It’s been a healthy way for me to channel my emotions.” Shakira added that she “had to put up with so much crap.” The singer and center-back for FC Barcelona announced their separation in June 2022 after 12 years together. Shakira and Piqué share two sons: Milan, 9, and Sasha, 7. Piqué, 36, and his new girlfriend, 23-year-old Clara Chia Marti, went public in January after posing for a selfie on Instagram. Shakira addressed the split for the first time in her October 2022 cover interview with Elle, calling the situation “incredibly difficult” for her family. “Oh, this is really hard to talk about personally, especially as this is the first time I’ve ever addressed this situation in an interview,” Shakira said at the time. “I’ve remained quiet and just tried to process it all. “Um, and yeah, it’s hard to talk about it, especially because I’m still going through it, and because I’m in the public eye and because our separation is not like a regular separation. And so it’s been tough not only for me, but also for my kids. Incredibly difficult.”