Last month, a disturbing video of a 9-year-old girl being beaten by a 15-year-old in Florida emerged on the internet — and it prompted retired MMA fighter and world-renowned Brazilian jiu-jitsu teacher Tom DeBlass to put out a call to his 268,000 Instagram followers. “I posted on social media asking if my followers could connect me to this girl’s mother,” DeBlass told The Post. The fighter hoped to offer the victim martial arts training. Then the bullying crisis hit closer to home. Adriana Kuch, a 14-year-old student at Central Regional High School, DeBlass’ alma mater in Berkeley Township, NJ, was beaten up in the hallway at school. Footage of the attack was shared on social media, and she killed herself days later. “I can’t even understand the level of meanness,” said DeBlass, 40, of Kuch’s attack. “I always want to help, but I am getting sick of saying I am sick of bullying. I said, I have to do something about this.” Last month, the father of two teamed up with fellow Brazilian jiu-jitsu teacher Shawn Fowler to start Buddies over Bullies, a nationwide antibullying outreach organization that aims to provide “sensible solutions for those being bullied.” DeBlass hopes to connect victims with free jiu-jitsu training and therapy. He will also lead education programs about self defense, coping skills and empowerment. So far, the New Jersey resident has helped 10 kids in different parts of the country get free jiu-jitsu training. And more than 100 schools have registered to be part of the programs after DeBlass launched a website earlier this week. Most recently, he is working with Kailinh Wiley, a Washington teen who was beaten by a classmate that was captured on video last week, and trying to get her training. He did eventually connect with Jennifer Berrios, whose daughter was in the viral video out of Florida. Berrios’ 10-year-old son was also a victim. Now, the two kids are in their second week of jiu-jitsu, courtesy of DeBlass. “I’m probably an emotional mom, but every time I see them out on the mat, I am crying. They needed those skills. They are learning self defense,” Berrios, 30, told The Post. “What Tom did was amazing.” She said her son is more confident while her daughter is getting structure in terms of how to better defend herself. “Kids shouldn’t be scared at school. What Tom is doing should be a wake-up call to schools, too. How many stories do we have to hear? This is happening to so many children,” said Berrios, whose kids are now doing virtual schooling at home. DeBlass has always vocal about bullying, self defense and mental health. In his 2021 memoir, he revealed that he had planned to kill himself in college and had been been pushed around as a kid. “I know what it’s like to feel hopeless. When I see kids who don’t have those coping skills yet, the papa bear in me comes out. My heart breaks for them,” said DeBlass. When he started sharing his intentions to start Buddies over Bullies, his inbox filled up with  people across the country wanting to be a part of his initiative. “If I stood up, I knew I’d have support from people. It’s really moving now. The jiu-jitsu community has really come together,” said DeBlass. He said he has a network of former military, law enforcement and even some members of motorcycle clubs involved. Mitch Aguiar, a former Navy Seal who owns Violet Hippie jiu-jitsu in Virginia, has offered free training at his academy. “Tom reached out, and I said, ‘I’m in.’ Jiu-jitsu is such an effective defense, and it builds confidence,” Aguiar told The Post. DeBlass said he’s willing to go the extra mile. Even if it means personally intervening with schools and parents if situations aren’t resolved — and abuse continues. “The last-case scenario is talking to the parents of a bully,” said DeBlass. “But these kids [who’ve been bullied] are taking their lives. They feel like they have no support.”