A Tennessee police officer fired over her sex sprees with a slew of fellow cops says she felt “terrorized,” calling out her bosses for the binge. Speaking publicly for the first time, Maegan Hall, 26, told WTVF she tried repeatedly to douse the sexual advances of her sergeant at the La Vergne Police Department — but “he wouldn’t take no for an answer.” The on-the-job affair with Sgt. Lewis Powell led to sexual encounters with five other cops. “I know what most people are saying,” Hall told the outlet. “You know, ‘You could’ve said no.’ I get it. But my response to them is ‘I did say no, and he wouldn’t take it for an answer.’ “Eventually, I gave in from pressure.” The interview comes on the heels of a federal civil rights lawsuit filed Monday against the department and several top cops, with Hall claiming she was “sexually groomed.” Hall, who blamed her randy behavior on a troubled marriage, said she was targeted by the department’s all-male second shift and lured into promiscuity. “When I was interviewing for the position at La Vergne Police Department, they described the environment as a family,” she told WTVF. “However, while I was aspiring to protect my community, the La Vergne Police Department was not protecting me.” The sexual escapades cost Hall and four other cops — including Police Chief Burrel “Chip” Davis — their jobs; two others were suspended over the scandal. Davis was accused of contributing to Hall’s sexual harassment. “My supervisors worked together to take advantage of my vulnerabilities and my mental health,” Hall said. “And they used it for their gain and sexual favor. “Who do you even turn to when the chief of police is sexually harassing you? How could I get justice when the entire system, including the chief, not only condoned such behavior but participated in it?” she said. “I was lost and I felt alone.” Hall, who appeared to be reading from prepared statements during the TV interview, said before the story went public, she “received harassing and threatening messages on my phone daily. I felt like I was terrorized.” “I had no one to run to and I had nowhere to go,” she said. A spokesperson for the city of La Vergne declined to comment on the case and Hall’s lawsuit this week, telling The Post officials do not discuss pending litigation. “Maegan wasn’t looked at like a rookie cop to be trained and promoted,” Hall’s lawyer, Wesley Clark, told WTVF. “She was looked at like a piece of meat to be sexualized and exploited.”