This mom has unleashed some serious debate. A woman has divided TikTok users after revealing that she keeps her young daughter tied on a leash when they’re out in public. The protective mama — known only as Alexis — posted the controversial clip to the social media site last month, where it clocked up close to 13 million views. In the video, Alexis can be seen tying a pink leash around the wrist of her little girl who is sitting in a shopping cart. “I’m tired of the world being this way but I’m NEVER tired of protecting my girls,” Alexis captioned her viral video. “I’m okay looking like a crazy mom. As long as my babies are safe.” The video drew mixed responses from parents, with some slamming the mom’s antics as over the top. “I’m a mom & this seems excessive,” one critic declared. “You’re at The Dollar Tree with the child in the cart right in front of you. Really, The Dollar Tree?” “It’s insane this is so normalized,” a second stated, before a third accused the leash-loving mama of “living in fear.” Another hater bluntly added: “Every time I see these types of videos I laugh.” However, some protective parents said they understood where Alexis was coming from, while others said they would, quite literally, follow her lead. “I don’t care what anyone says — I’m doing this,” a supporter said. “Call me crazy but I will always be a protective mom first.” “Moms get shamed for everything they do, no matter what. Do what you need to do to keep your kids safe in this crazy world,” another added. After her video went viral, Alexis posted a follow-up clip claiming leashing was particularly important for children on the autism spectrum. “I used to work with children on the spectrum. I don’t share this about myself very often, but I was an ABA therapist,” revealed the mom. “Something that’s common with children who have autism is they do tend to elope.” According to the National Institute for Elopement Prevention and Resolution, elopement is when a child — usually with special needs — wanders away from a caregiver or a specific location without approval, which can be very traumatic for both individuals. In a subsequent interview with Bored Panda, Alexis revealed that using the leash on her own daughter provided her with a sense of security. The mom told the outlet that the leash doesn’t seem to bother her child and she only uses it when they go shopping or on a walk. “My youngest is still too young to express vocally how she feels, however, I don’t think she minds it. In fact, every time I pull it out of my purse, she puts her wrist out,” she declared. “She also likes playing with it while shopping. My oldest doesn’t mind it at all. “I know from personal experience that children on the spectrum elope,” Alexis continued. “It’s very scary and dangerous, especially when in public. I had one boy in particular who was very tall and strong. We physically would have try and grab him from going into the street. “This wrist leash would allow children on the spectrum to roam around without having to be physically touched,” she concluded.