A pervy career criminal once accused of forcing a teen to perform a lewd act and pummeling his own 2-month-old son was just busted again — this time for raping a young woman on the Upper West Side, cops and sources said. Jamel McIver’s own relatives turned him in over his latest alleged crime, cops said. The suspect, 30, was nabbed on a tip from family Sunday in connection to the latest sick attack, which took place a day earlier inside a building stairwell at West End Avenue and West 65th Street in Manhattan, authorities said. McIver trailed behind his 21-year-old victim as she entered the building around 1:20 a.m. Saturday and followed her into an elevator, cops said. He then forced her out of the lift and into a stairwell, where he raped her, police said. “He basically made threats to her that he was going to kill her if she didn’t comply,” a police spokesman said. McIver can be seen at one point taking off his jacket and tossing it over a fence in a video released by police, authorities said. He fled on foot, they said. The woman was taken to a local hospital in stable condition. McIver — who has 14 prior arrests — was nabbed around 4 p.m. Sunday and charged with rape, sexually motivated burglary and criminal sex act, cops said. His previous busts include a 2013 Delaware arrest for allegedly beating his own 2-month-old son and a 2019 Big Apple case in which he is accused of sneaking into a sleeping teenager’s bedroom and forcing her to touch his groin, according to authorities, records and law-enforcement sources. In the 2019 sex case, McIver pulled his vehicle to the front of the 16-year-old girl’s building on Beck Street near Avenue St. John in Longwood and slipped into her apartment through a fire escape, authorities and law enforcement sources said at the time. The pair didn’t know each other, source said. The young victim told police she woke up to find him standing over her bed. “I want you to touch me,” the stranger told her, according to police sources at the time. “Don’t scream. I have a gun.” McIver then grabbed her hand and placed it on his pants over his genitals, police said. The terrified teen was able to free herself from his grasp, prompting the man to flee from the room through the same fire-escape window. He was arrested two days after the heinous act, cops said. Online records show that he was ordered held on $250,000 bail during his initial court appearance in the case. It is not clear whether he made bail, but at trial in March 2020, he was ordered held without bail — only to be released on his own recognizance weeks later with an order of protection issued, online records show. The circumstances leading to his release were unclear Monday morning. McIver pleaded guilty in the case in August but had remained free without bail. He was due back in court on it March 29. The Bronx District Attorney’s Office did not immediately respond to a request for comment. McIver’s address, provided by police, is listed as Odyssey House, an addiction treatment center in East Harlem. In the Delaware case, McIver was charged Dec. 8, 2013, with first-degree assault and endangering the welfare of a child for allegedly beating his infant son, according to sources and records. Police were called to the Bayheath Medical Center in Dover, where the baby was found with “multiple contusions and swelling” to his face and McIver was charged, the records show. He was arraigned and ordered held on $51,000. The outcome of the case was not immediately known. -Additional reporting by Tina Moore