Prince Harry honored Princess Diana’s philanthropic work with the HIV and AIDS community in a new letter marking the 40th anniversary of the UK’s Terrence Higgins Trust. The 38-year-old estranged royal claimed that his late mother’s involvement with the HIV and sexual health charity was a “big piece” of her legacy. It is named after Terrence “Terry” Higgins, who was one of the first people to die of an AIDS-related illness in the UK in July 1982. “I’ve been involved with Terrence Higgins Trust for a number of years, and the fight to end this epidemic is a big piece of my mum’s legacy,” Harry wrote in the note, which was included in a catalog for the charity’s flagship fundraising event, the Auction, on Monday, according to the Independent. “While my mother did not live to see the success of today’s treatments, I feel immense pride in being able to continue her advocacy with you,” he continued. “My mother grew up in a world where HIV was likely a death sentence. Yet, in the midst of all that uncertainty, she led with empathy, finding the humanity in all around her and demonstrating the power of connection in the face of fear.” Diana, who died in a 1997 Paris car crash while being pursued by paparazzi, opened the UK’s first HIV/AIDS unit at London Middlesex Hospital in 1987. She also shocked many that year when she shook hands with AIDS patients, despite the world’s early lack of knowledge and understanding about the disease. In February 1989, she also hugged a 7-year-old boy with AIDS at a New York City hospital. “As Terrence Higgins Trust has evolved over the years, their goal has remained the same: end new transmissions,” Harry’s letter continued. “Terrence Higgins Trust has pledged to make England the first country to end new HIV cases by 2030, but they need all of us to do our part by encouraging testing so we all know our status, eradicating stigma that thrives on silence, and donating the resources Terrence Higgins Trust needs to keep up their efforts at pace.” Harry’s letter comes days after he and Markle continued to make headlines over their rift with the royal family. On Sunday, reps for the couple confirmed that they have been evicted from their residence at Frogmore Cottage in Windsor. And despite the couple’s public longing for a private life separate from the hierarchy, it has also been confirmed that they received an invitation to King Charles III’s coronation, which is set for May 6. Some fans believe the date was purposely chosen to inconvenience Harry and Meghan, as May 6 is also their son Archie’s 4th birthday. 