With the never-ceasing amount of gift ideas on the market, the occasional-borderline-frequent endeavor of shopping for your loved ones can take a stress-inducing turn quite quickly. But, you can always count on Nordstrom to act as your knight in shining armor (or, rather, a silver box topped with a gleaming satin bow). Serving up wishlist-worthy options for the self-care guru, the loved one who recently settled in to a new place and will appreciate some aesthetically pleasing home items and a bounty of luxury gifts that they’ll be praising, the retailer has a boatload of options that’ll make your shopping experience go swimmingly. Ahead, take a look for the 50 best Nordstrom gifts to shop now. Oh, and we’re totally adding some of these items to our personal wishlist, so we highly endorse you to indulge in a little treat-yourself moment, too. Click to jump to a specific recipient: With nearly 3,000 rave reviews, the DIOR Sauvage Eau de Toilette is freshness in a bottle. It’s a memorable, signature scent that taps into all the woody and aromatic vibes you can muster, too. Regardless of age, every man needs a pair of the UGG Ascot Slipper in their lives. Wisely crafted from supple suede and a durable rubber sole, rest assured that this well-rated pair can be worn indoors or outdoors. Some men don’t take skincare seriously (and, we wish everyone did). To gear his morning and evening regimen into tip-top shape, grab the Kiehl’s Since 1851 Ultra Facial Cream. It’s the perfect gift for every budget and is backed by more than 5,000 reviews of the wildly impressed. Shop the brand-new Nuptse 1996 Packable Quilted Down Jacket from The North Face. Its retro-style puffer features a quality ripstop shell and double-layer taffeta for extra warmth will keep the man in your life super happy. Not only do we carry our Hydro Flask around everywhere but its less-than-$50 price point makes it a stellar gift for anyone on your list. Thanks to its patented TempShield protection, your preferred drink will remain either hot or cold, depending on your preference. You can’t go wrong with a pair of social media-viral Nike Air Force 1s. It’s the quintessential shoe that screams ‘elevated basic’ and we adore its 80s-throwback nature, especially. Plus, its swift, low-cut profile will match a variety of outfits. Rated as one of the best outdoor pizza ovens we rounded up, the Ooni Koda 12 Gas-Powered Pizza Oven is a splurge-worthy gift that he’ll love for any occasion. Namely, it’s apt for creating 12″ pizzas, flame-cooked steaks, fish and veggies for your next weekend cookout. Surely, you can’t go wrong with a convenient, travel-friendly Bluetooth speaker. The Bose SoundLink Micro Bluetooth Speaker is resistant to cracks, dents and scratches, in addition to its fully waterproof design. It even includes a tear-resistant silicone strap to attach to your backpack or bike. Designed for the traveler you know, the Herschel Supply Co. Little America Backpack is a well-made option that’s extremely versatile for any adventure. This stylish pack boasts a top carry handle, exterior flap pocket and an interior 15″ laptop pocket for great organization. Elevate the T-shirts the guy you’re shopping for already has with the Rhone Element Organic Cotton Blend T-Shirt. This style receives our stamp of approval because its organic and sustainably made, comes in a wealth of colors and was designed with patented GOLDFUSION antimicrobial fabric to help prevent the growth of odor-causing germs. Sharp and sophisticated, the Crosley Radio Cruiser Plus Turntable is as modern take on vintage music-playing. This record player features a three-speed design, Bluetooth output functionality (so you can listen to your favorite records on any speaker) and a match-all aesthetic. If you prefer spending less than $100 but still want a gift that’ll grab his attention, the vuori Sunday Performance Jogger Sweatpants is a thoughtful and practical buy. They’re exceptionally rated, thanks to its stretchy and moisture-wicking fabric. Not to mention, the joggers sport multiple zippered pockets for stowing away keys, cards and other essentials. Looking for a quality gift under $25 that he likely needs — if not, wants? The adidas Originals Trefoil 6-Pack No-Show Socks are worth the Nordstrom buy, as these socks are clad with the brand’s classic branding for this sporty and stretchy soft tech fabric. Dive into the warmer months ahead (or, at the very least, prepare for an upcoming warm-weather vacation) with a quality pair of swim trunks he’ll love. Fair Harbor’s The Anchor Swim Trunks are backed by nearly 3,000 positive reviews on Nordstrom, thanks to its sustainably made, ocean-friendly design. Add to his dress shirt collection with the Nordstrom Trim Fit Non-Iron Dress Shirt. For the ultimate $50 gift, this style features the retailer’s signature wrinkle-resistant cotton to ensure you’re looking crisp, polished and sharp all day. It comes in two other colors as well and pairs nicely with any pair of dress pants. We’re big fans of travel items — not only do they make packing less stressful but there are so many on the market that have sleek, multi-faceted looks, as is the case (pun totally intended) with the Monos Metro Folio Kit. With a flat and rigid built that’s quite spacious, this abundantly pocketed traveler will help store your passport, travel document, mini tablet and cards. Don’t just gift him any razor — gift him a heated one! As one of the ultimate men’s grooming products you can buy, The Art of Shaving’s GilletteLabs Heated Razor delivers the comfort of a towel with each glide, thanks to its stainless steel warming bar that helps to evenly distribute heat for a clean shave. Be the king or queen of gift-giving with one of the most practical gifts there is: a duffel bag. And, not just any duffel bag — the beloved carry-all by the one and only Herschel Supply Co. You’ll appreciate its double carrying handles for extra convenience, along with its exterior zip shoe compartment to help protect the rest of your packed items. Plus, we’ve gifted this $100 buy in the past and it continues to be well-received. If the man in your life loves his coffee just as he loves the next best tech grab, the OHOM Ui Mug & Warmer Set is, undoubtedly, for him. It’s the perfect less-than-$100 gift that has a modern silhouette, a special charger that uses magnetic induction energy to heat up the metallic layering on the mug’s base and — of course — a handsome look. As one of the best brands for men’s watches, Fossil has always been a well-made maker of wonderful gifts for men. The Townsman Chronograph Leather Strap Watch has a sleek face, a comfortable top-stitched leather band and a three-quartz hand movement. With nearly 3,000 positive reviews, the Dyson Supersonic Hair Dryer makes a super-sonic gift for the woman you’re shopping for. Not only did we review it, but the hair tool is notable for its five styling attachments engineered for different hair types, intelligent heat control to help prevent frizz and fast-drying design. For the beauty lover, the DIOR Lip Glow Oil is a quality, designer-leaning purchase that’ll make her oh-so-happy. Not only is it nourishing and glossy — much like your favorite clear lip glosses — but it has a subtle tint that looks stunning on any skin tone. There’s no spring or summertime-ready purchase than the Tory Burch Miller Leather Sandal. Personally, we have them on our wishlists (which speaks to the near-13,000 gleaming reviews) and adore its supple leather and iconic branding alike. We all know someone who’s super into their brow game (read: best eyebrow products), so the Anastasias Beverly Hills Mechanical Brow Pencil is the ideal $25 gift that’ll save them a trip to the beauty counter. Plus, we love it, and reviewed the entire brand. This Barefoot Dreams cardigan has the name ‘CozyChic’ for a reason. Whether you’re shopping for apparel or one of the best blankets, this brand has the ultimate it-factor. Grab this as a top-notch gift for any woman on your list — any age, too. You already know Olaplex has been viral on TikTok (and pretty much everywhere, for that matter). While gifting shampoo seems a bit strange, it’ll be much-appreciated, considering how much this self-care item will add to anyone’s haircare routine. Truthfully, we haven’t seen a more stunning pan. The GreenPan Reserve Ceramic Nonstick Covered Frying Pan is that $100 purchase that’s just as practical as it is beautiful, thanks to its professional-grade tinted ceramic and steel design and patented nonstick Thermolon Minerals that helps resist damage the release of harmful chemicals or fumes. Honor Kim K in the best way possible — with the celeb’s brand, SKIMS. Its Soft Lounge Longe Sleeve Dress is the perfect upgrade to your loungewear game, much ado to its comfortable square-neck design, flattering fit and irresistible comfort. With an elegant look and adored by more than 1,000 candle-burners, this Diptyque gift is the ideal addition to your nightstand or desk. Its decadently fresh and fruity and has one of those trademark ‘gift-y’ looks that you can’t help but purchase. We have the Nordstrom Bliss Plush Throw (read our review of the best blankets for more) and it’s one of the most lightweight yet fuzziest ones we love cuddling up with. Plus, there’s a bounty of fun colors to fit everyone’s style. For a sweet splurge, pick up the Saint Laurent ‘Small Monogram’ Print Leather Wristlet. Much like the designer clutches you have on your wishlist, this timeless carry-around will last for decades and will be the only handheld you’ll need. Nothing has received more acclaim in the past few months than the brand HOKA. Its Bondi 8 Running Shoe is offered in a variety of hues, features soft and lightweight foam for easy strides and a rear crash pad to help prevent your feet from any strikes. The Kendra Scott Elisa Birthstone Pendant Necklace is always a lovely gift. With its dainty charm and match-all nature, it’s fit to match with any outfit. When you mix a gold-plated design and a gorgeous pendant, you have a fabulous gift for less than $70. While most people wouldn’t consider a clothes steamer to be an iconic gift — think again. The Nori Handheld Steamer & Iron is a polished, convenient way of aiding wrinkles away from your garments. In short, it’ll press the front and back of your garments simultaneously, saving you time flipping. We’ve gifted the Little Words Project Custom Beaded Stretch Bracelets to all of our loved ones and BFFs (we may be wearing some right now) and they make the daintiest gift for anyone you know. Plus, with a personalized touch, you can’t beat this one. Let’s just take a moment to praise the gorgeous pink and floral-embossed bottle. Glamorous packaging aside, the Gucci Flora Gorgeous Gardenia Eau de Parfum has a cheerful blend of jasmine, pear blossom accord and brown sugar accord — enough to hit that ‘buy now’ button. She’s stunning (add to cart, and thank us later). The Tory Burch Kira Chevron Quilted Leather Wallet on a Chain has a stunning cream and gold colorway, a convenient front flap and a lambskin leather design. Not to mention, it’s chic enough to serve as an evening clutch. La Mer’s Crème de la Mer Moisturizing Cream is certainly a splurge, but one with a whipped texture that’s garnered celebrity acclaim. Plus, there’s a size for every budget (even upwards of $2,700!) Gift the woman you know with a pair of elevated flip-flops that she can wear on vacation or out to an al fresco dinner. The Jeffrey Campbell Sugary Flip Flop caught our attention — thanks to the beautiful bow and shiny design — and must be purchased. The Le Labo Santal 33 Eau de Parfum has a signature unisex scent and an even more glamorous bottle. With a nod to the ‘American West,’ per the brand, you’ll adore its fresh scent just as much as its ability to style on your dresser. One of the most value-driven gifts on this list is the UGG Bixbee Booties & Lovey Blanket Set is a two-in-one bundle that makes an iconic grab. From the plush booties (how cute!) to the wear-all-day blanket, you just found yourself the perfect $60 option. What’s unique about the Stokke Tripp Trapp Highchair, Baby Set, Cushion & Tray Set is its versatility. All in ergonomically correct positions for your little one, it can fit a 6-month-old and a fully grown adult alike. Bring the little kid you know a water shoe that’s perfect for splish-splashing at the beach or by the pool. Available in a rainbow of colors, the pair has since been elevated with an ultra-lightweight EVA for that comfortable, cushioned feel. This kids’ pajama set is so chic, we want it in adult sizing (look: best women’s pajamas). With its polished look and pretty-in-pink charm, what’s not to love? Every little girl needs a hair bow (we don’t make the rules), and the Baby Bling Bow Head Wrap is an adorable less-than-$15 grab from Nordstrom. Its stretchy, comfortable and pairs well with any outfit — day or night. We personally have played with the Gund Baby Flappy the Elephant Musical Stuffed Animal and let us tell you — it’s just too stinkin’ cute. For less than $50, you’ll adore its floppy ears and how engrossed your baby will be with this plush. Pretty in pastel, the Skip Hop Zoo Ride-On Unicorn Toy is a wonderful gift for less than $75. Uniquely, it can be used as a wagon, scooter or ride-on — growing up with your little one in the best way possible. One of the most popular gifts you can buy for your little one is the Sophie la Girrafe Teething Toy. Our nieces have used it during their teething days for much-needed comfort and it’s also a wonderful take-with-you toy for car trips and stroller rides. The Nike Kids’ Blazer Low ’77 Low Top Sneaker have a fresh and clean look, a comfortable design and that beloved lace-up detail. Rest assured, your little one will kick back (literally) and enjoy this pair. The Snuggle Me Infant Lounger is something we wish we had in adult sizes. Adorable and portable, your baby will love this lightweight lounge seat that helps keep your baby in place with a calming hugging sensation. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.