Former national security adviser John Bolton warned the US against “sitting still” as China broadens its relationship with Russia and after it brokered a diplomatic breakthrough between Iran and Saudi Arabia. “We’re sitting still, and the Chinese, the Russians, Iran, North Korea, and several others, are moving to shore up their relations and threaten us in a lot of different places,” Bolton told John Catsimatidis on his “Cats Roundtable” WABC 770 show in an interview that aired Sunday. “It’s an indication that the Saudis and others are trying to hedge their bets with China and Russia, because they don’t think the United States has the resolve and the fortitude necessary to do what they need to do to protect the world against Iran and its intentions,” Bolton, who served in the Trump and George W. Bush administrations, said. “The Chinese have a strategy they’ve been following,” he continued. “We kind of wander around from day to day.” Bolton’s comments followed the announcement on Friday that Iran and Saudi Arabia agreed to re-establish diplomatic relations and re-open their embassies as part of an agreement negotiated by Beijing. At the same time, China has deepened its relationship with Moscow and has plans to assist Russia militarily in its year-long war in Ukraine. “One of the biggest winners of the war in Ukraine has been China,” Bolton said. “If Russia were to win, and at the maximum retake all of Ukraine, that would be a victory for China’s ally that would strengthen China as well.” China even succeeds in Russian failure, Bolton said. “But, frankly, if Russia continues to get chewed up in Ukraine, that just makes Russia more dependent on China,” he said. “So China wins there as well.” Bolton said that Beijing has managed to flip its relationship with Russia. “It’s exactly right to say that we’re watching Russia slip increasingly under Chinese control,” he said. “This is China’s alliance it’s putting together, and Russia is the junior partner. “That’s not good for any of us,” Bolton added. “I’d like to find ways to pry Russia away from China.”