Cops are investigating who leaked live-streamed porn images of former NY1 weatherman Erick Adame, according to a report Wednesday. The Emmy-nominated but now out-of-work meteorologist told WNYC he believes a mystery voyeur became obsessed with distributing nude images of him in an apparent effort to embarrass him. “I concluded, it’s the same person that is just obsessed with posting these pictures of me,” he said in his first interview since the scandal led to his firing. “Some of them are so humiliating.” Adame, 39, has since hired a lawyer to get the IP address of the person who posted the images online. Police are also probing the leak, the station said, though it was not revealed which department is conducting the investigation. Adame lives in New Jersey, NY1 is based in Manhattan and his mother, who was sent some of the dirty images, lives upstate. It was also unclear what law enforcement could do, as the images may not qualify as “revenge porn,” the radio station reported. Under New York law, a person must have a “reasonable expectation of privacy,” and live-streaming may not be protected. The ex-weatherman was fired in September after images of him live-streaming sex acts  were taken from an adult website without his permission. It soon emerged that he mentioned his job and other personal details during a camming session made in December 2021. Adame apologized and admitted that he had a “compulsion,” saying it was “absurd of me to think I could keep this private.” Since his embarrassing public firing, Adame told WNYC he has been harassed by sadistic trolls online. “There is a mixture of support and then you’d have this random message calling me whatever name to degrade me and then saying you want some more? I can be your daddy,” he said. “You know —no. I just lost this job that I really  loved. I’m being publicly humiliated and you think I enjoy this?” He also opened up about the root of his compulsion to make live sex videos for strangers on the internet , confessing  it stemmed from  “low self esteem” from being rejected for being gay. “Showing off and getting that type of praise and being called sexy, I wanted to see more. Hearing that from someone on the other end made you feel so good,” he said. Now, he says, he’s in a committed relationship and that his sex life no longer involves the internet. Ultimately he said he regrets camming while hedging on whether he thinks his firing was fair. “I don’t apologize for being sex positive — but I apologize because I am a role model, ” he said. “What it comes to is, as a news person, I live under different rules. I don’t think that’s fair, but I think that we do.”