He needs to do some serious “wait” training. An off-duty cop epitomized excessive force when he punched a female gym-goer because she was taking too long on a weight machine. Military police officer Luiz Pereira da Silva Neto Moura de Macena Mendonça, 28, assaulted the 18-year-old woman at a gym in Goiânia, Brazil, on Feb. 28, claiming that his wife wanted to use the piece of equipment. Mendonça’s shocking attack was caught on surveillance camera, with the footage subsequently going viral on social media. The Military Police of Goiás State — the organization for which the policeman works — told local outlet O Dia that the cop has not been fired. However, they stated that the case “is being monitored by the Corrections and Discipline Command, which has instituted a Disciplinary Administrative Process.” According to Jam Press, Mendonça and his wife became enraged with the teen gym patron because she was sitting at the machine and scrolling on her phone between intervals, thereby preventing others from hopping on it in the interim. Fed with up with waiting, the wife reportedly asked how long the youngster would be, sparking a heated argument. Things came to a head when the the teen told Mendonça, “You can use it now, chicken” before storming off. Needless to say, this remark didn’t sit well with the weightier spouse, who decided to punish the gal over her alleged obstruction of exercise. In the wild clip, an incensed Mendonça can be seen confronting the purported gym hog in the fitness facility’s hallway as she chats to two male companions. She shoves the officer, who retaliates by uncorking a left hook to her face, causing her to stumble backwards. When her pals try to intervene, Mendonça assaults one of them as well à la Adam Sandler’s powder keg character in “Happy Gilmore.” Following the attack, the victim and several witnesses filed a complaint at the police station, while the young gym-goer was examined for possible injuries sustained during the altercation. In light of the assault, the gym has reportedly banned the officer from the premises. They also claimed that they condemn all forms of aggression and are standing with the young victim. Unfortunately, gyms have seemingly become ground zero for violent incidents of late. In one such dust-up in December, two gym sharks exchanged blows in a crowded weight room for nearly two minutes before bystanders intervened. Meanwhile, a Florida woman was filmed bravely fending off an attacker who had assaulted her at an apartment gym last month. The suspect was later arrested after trying to victimize another woman.      