PORT ST. LUCIE — With a pitching staff as veteran and star-studded as the Mets have, the line between player and coach can blur. A season after Max Scherzer’s influence was felt all over the rotation, Justin Verlander is bringing 17 years of major league experience to the Citi Field mound — and to the spring training mounds outside Clover Park, too. This week, after throwing a side session, Verlander stuck around to watch David Peterson throw his own session. Several times, Verlander left his chair behind the mound to talk with Peterson. The two exchanged a ball and displayed different grips as they tinkered with a couple of different pitches. Each time, Verlander then returned to his seat. After one such occasion, Peterson looked at the grip Verlander had offered and let loose a sinker. Verlander watched the movement and let out a yell. “That was f–king gross, dude,” Verlander said — “gross” being a high compliment for a pitch with plenty of movement — as Peterson caught the return throw from the catcher. The Mets have a new co-ace and a new honorary assistant pitching coach. And Peterson has a new fan. “What’s not to like?” Verlander said this week about Peterson, who is a strong candidate to enter the rotation after Jose Quintana’s injury. “I mean, s–t, I’m just trying to tip my toes in the water … trying to watch guys and see if there’s any way I can help.” It is easy to accept help from a star with three Cy Young Awards and two World Series rings. The Mets’ staff has knowledgeable options beyond pitching coach Jeremy Hefner. Scherzer’s voice is loud, too. Whoever watches a bullpen session can add some input. Verlander and Peterson happened to have a session together, and Verlander wanted to stay after he was finished throwing to offer whatever wisdom he could. “As a guy that is a lot earlier in my career, to have someone like that with a lot of experience and has seen a lot, for me to be able to work with him is awesome,” Peterson said. “It’s cool to just kind of talk pitching for a couple of minutes.” The two did not want to go into specifics about the tweaks, but Peterson — a 2017 first-round pick with a high upside and with a terrific slider — is a good breakout candidate, if a tweak or two pays off. Last season, the lefty did not use his two-seamer much, and it seemed to be his worst offering, with hitters batting .333 against it. Maybe a slight grip change can make the difference. “Just tinkering. I like tinkering,” the 40-year-old Verlander said. “I’m trying to find if there’s anything you can do to make his stuff play better.” Verlander is aware of what his presence can mean to young pitchers. He told Peterson: “If you’re starting to feel tired, just shut it down. Don’t just keep working because I’m sitting behind you.” As both a coach and a pitcher, Verlander has been effective through the first few weeks of camp. He made his second Grapefruit League start Friday, allowing a run on three hits with five strikeouts in 3 ¹/₃ innings against the Astros. His velocity (averaging 94.7 mph with his fastball Friday) and stuff (nine whiffs among 22 Astros swings) have been there. “Thought the slider was OK. Curveball still needs some work,” Verlander said after a 7-2 Mets win at Clover Park, in which he called facing his former team “a lot of fun.” Verlander is up to 48 pitches and is on schedule. Peterson, who was hit with a comebacker Sunday and sustained a left foot contusion, is expected to make his next Grapefruit League appearance Tuesday. And Verlander probably will be watching. “[Helping young pitchers is] one of the things I looked forward to coming to this organization,” Verlander said. “Bringing some new information, new insights. I guess I’m somebody who just likes to gather as much information as possible, and then I’ll filter it through and apply it as necessary.”