We love a good dupe, whether it be on beloved shoes just outside our price range, designer hair stylers or on luxury goods you want but can’t afford. This time, the dupe comes in the form of fragrance, with Target’s new line of perfumes. Target Fine’ry is a collection of nine scents, each with a different colored bottle and sleek packaging. They come in either a five-ounce body mist or a smaller two-ounce perfume and an even smaller tester pack with five scents included. The affordable perfumes, ranging from $16 to $35, have also made waves over on social media, as some of the scents have been deemed dupes for popular and far more expensive perfumes from Chanel, Tom Ford, Le Labo and more. The viral perfume expert above found six of the nine perfumes, but for those curious about the whole set, plus which scents have designer dupes and which are truly unique, read on for the full breakdown. This is the cherry on top of the perfume shelf. The Not Another Cherry scent has been said to smell just like the Tom Ford Lost Cherry scent, with notes of cherry (duh) as well as almond in both. Did someone say santal? This beloved, earthy scent can be found in the new Target collection, in a green bottle that evokes the jungle it was named after. We want to be a patron of this Midnight Cafe. Some say the scent is exactly like the beloved YSL Black Opium, with notes of jasmine and patchouli in the Target scent. Another Tom Ford dupe? Don’t mind if we do. Sun-Phoria is a warm scent that uses notes of orange blossom and amber, not too unlike Soleil Blanc cardamom and Ylang Ylang flower. Put the rumors to bed — this scent smells just like the Chanel version. Flower Bed is a light and layerable scent, with peony and green apple, similar to Chanel Chance with jasmine and pink pepper. No need to chase rainbows to find this treasure. The beloved Jo Malone scent Wood Sage and Sea Salt can be found in this blue bottle from Target, each with elements of salty air and moss. Are you drawn to sweet smells? If so, don’t resist the pull of Magnetic Candy, which is also a dupe for the more expensive Sundazed scent from Byredo, with citrus at the center of each. Sweet on the outside, spicy on the inside — just how we love our perfumes. This scent is reminiscent of the Eilish by Billie Eilish perfume, with notes of vanilla and woodsy musk in both. No, you’re not dreaming. Both of these scents smell of musk, with undertones of cream and sandalwood, too. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.