It’s a bustling night at Bonnie’s, Brooklyn’s viral Cantonese restaurant and the bartender is mixing up a martini — with a very different kind of twist. “Almost everything on the menu has MSG in it,” says Bonnie’s breakout star chef and owner Calvin Eng, enthusiastically. Including, apparently, the martinis, which taste more like a chilled miso broth than your usual vodka-brine combo. Eng, a breakout star showered with accolades by both local and national food media, has become something of a hype man for Monosodium Glutamate, the lower-sodium salt and flavor enhancer that lends an umami kick to everything it touches. Found in all-American favorites like Campbell’s Chicken Noodle, Chick-Fil-A seasoning and even snack staple Doritos, for some reason, chefs — Asian chefs in particular — have been forced to spend decades defending their use of the cooking staple. Anti-MSG sentiment, widely considered to have xenophobic origins, dates back to the late 1960s, when reports of diners reacting badly after consuming food containing the much-misunderstood ingredient gave rise to something termed Chinese restaurant syndrome. And while an article detailing the so-called illness in a prominent medical journal at the time was later reported to be a hoax, MSG’s reputation has suffered ever since. Lately, however, the much-maligned additive is having a moment as chefs like Eng say enough’s enough, giving the once-secret ingredient its coming out party. “A big part of our mission from the beginning was to educate our guests as to what Cantonese food is and what it can be,” Eng told The Post. “That’s also an opportunity to educate people that MSG is not bad for you — it’s literally a naturally-occurring thing in most foods that you eat.” The evangelical Eng hawks MSG-emblazoned shirts and proudly shouts out the ingredient on his menu. “I think that all makes a larger difference,” he says. “It’s very rewarding to know today people who are more down to use it and are comfortable with it. It’s part of many people’s pantries.” Lunar, a Brooklyn-based hard seltzer company which hawks MSG in their canned libations, is equally pleased to see the tide turning. “Calvin’s approach with Bonnie’s really encapsulates what Cantonese-American cuisine’s place on the table looks like,” says Lunar founder Kevin Wong. “It’s a shame that a myth with racist origins from decades ago is still circulating, preventing folks from experiencing really awesome cuisine.” Chris Cheung, owner of popular Brooklyn restaurant East Wind Snack Shop, says he’s been “berated” for using it in his food — not that he’s phased. “As a chef, I see it as a wonderful cooking item that enhances a lot of the flavors and is integral to a lot of dishes,” he told The Post. Because of the lingering anxiety around the amino additive, he says, he’ll sometimes soft-pedal for customers. “I’ll call it Magic Seasoning Granules, because it is really part of the magic of cooking,” he said. “Sometimes you need to break the ice with people.” “A lot of Asian chefs have been using MSG in their cooking quietly, because there is this stigma,” says Dan Q. Dao, founder of the food consulting agency District One. He’s heartened to see popular restaurants like Bonnie’s not hesitating to face the issue head-on. “What they’re saying is that you love our food and we use MSG. It’s helping change things. I’m glad they’ve been so vocal about this,” he said. The modern pro-MSG movement can be traced back to Momofuku mastermind David Chang, long a vocal proponent of the additive, who has called his efforts helping debunking MSG myths “one of the best things I’ve ever done.” While the chefs charge ahead, the medical community continues to take a more conservative approach. The Mayo Clinic says that while MSG is “generally recognized as safe,” they do caution that “the FDA has received many reports of concerning reactions — including headaches and tingling sensations — from people attributed to foods that had MSG in them.” “For at least 1% of the population, MSG sensitivity is very real, so if you do feel ill within acouple of hours of consuming foods containing MSG then something is going on that definitely can’t be ignored,” Dr. Gill Hart, a food intolerance expert at the sensitivity testing company YorkTest, told The Post. Hart admitted, however, that the research is ongoing. “New evidence has shown that dietary levels of MSG are actually broken down in the gut and do not cross the blood brain barrier which means that it can be hard for scientists to link consuming MSG to [any] symptoms,” she said. And how does Eng react when someone balks at the inclusion of MSG in their food and drink? “We’ve rarely gotten those guests,” he says. “But they definitely do exist and come in here and there. It’s an opportunity for us to hit them with the facts.”