Ed Cox, the son-in-law of Richard Nixon, is a shoo-in to return as chairman of the New York State Republican Party — replacing Nick Langworthy, who was elected to Congress, party sources said. The state Republican Committee will elect Cox — who previously served as chairman from 2009 to 2019 — at a committee meeting in Albany on Monday. Cox, 76, helped bankroll the successful legal fight that blocked the Democrats from gerrymandering congressional districts, leading the GOP to pick up seats in New York that helped secure a House majority. He also worked with Ron Lauder to raise money via Super Pacs to aid Republican Lee Zeldin’s strong campaign for governor against Democrat Kathy Hochul, which also helped GOP candidates in down-ballot races. “We felt he was a strong candidate based on his track record,” said Staten Island Republican chairman Michael Tannousis, who spoke to Cox and agreed to back him. “Ed has been involved in helping the party before he was chairman, when he was chairman and after he was chairman.” Tannousis said Cox’s involvement in the successful redistricting fight and the governor’s race and congressional races certainly helped his case to be re-elected chairman. “I am humbled by the outpouring of support of members of the state committee and am looking forward to Monday’s meeting,” Cox said in an interview Thursday. Cox had the state Republican Party stay neutral during the 2016 presidential primary, which Trump easily won in his home state. He said at the time he wanted to give all the candidates the opportunity to stump across the state before the vote. He joined the Trump campaign when Trump booster Langworthy replaced him as party chairman. A corporate and finance lawyer, Cox has poured his own wealth into party coffers over years. Cox was involved in creating the SUNY Charter School Institute under former three-term GOP Gov. George Pataki and backs Gov. Kathy Hochul’s plan to lift the cap on charter schools in New York City. Ed and his wife, Tricia Nixon, the daughter of former President Richard Nixon, met as high school students and were married in the White House’s Rose Garden in 1971. Cox re-emerged as the safe choice for party chair as other candidates failed to catch fire — including Michael Henry, the state GOP candidate for attorney general last year; Rockland County GOP chairman Lawrence Garvey,  Hudson Valley Assemblyman and congressional candidate Colin Schmitt and upstate Assemblyman Chris Tague, who is chairman of the Schoharie Republican Party.