Dr. Seuss had one thing right: we’ll read books on a boat, and we’ll read books with a goat (we’ll also read books on the train and read books in the rain). Calling all book lovers — March 2 is Read Across America Day and we’re here to celebrate with our favorite paperbacks, hardcovers and, of course children’s books. (Related: Amazon best-sellers). One of the most legendary names in elementary reading is, without a doubt, Dr. Seuss. So, we’re rounding up all of the Amazon merch we found that nod to the joy and reading-appreciation the late author continues to garner nationwide. Below, shop the best Dr. Seuss-themed T-shirts to celebrate literacy on every day of the year — not just March 2. Needless to say, they also make a wonderful gift for elementary teachers. Amazon Merch on Demand would be incomplete without a nod to Dr. Seuss’ most popular books, “The Cat in the Hat.” Not only is a great T-shirt to celebrate reading but it doubles as a pajama shirt (and we can’t complain about that). If you’re a fan of one of the most-adored children’s books of all time, “Green Eggs & Ham,” then you’ll adore this less-than-$25 T-shirt to sport Dr. Seuss in festive style. Not to mention, it’ll pair well with just about any jeans or bottoms. Apt for the teacher you know (or hey, if you’re an educator yourself, we’re all about this one), the Teacher of All Things T-Shirt is just $20 and has the classic ‘Thing 1’ and ‘Thing 2’ theme going on. Great for the entire family, this navy t-shirt has some of Dr. Seuss’ most cherished characters at the top and is ideal for lovers of all the childhood classics. It’s also a wonderful unisex option that you won’t want to take off. Memorize these rhymes with the Book Title T-Shirt. You simply know that everyone will stop and read the entire rhyme scheme (and, you’ll soon memorize it yourself). With a positive phrase and a colorful hat, what’s not to love? Shop the Be Original T-Shirt to promote optimism and spread positivity to everyone you know. It’s one of our favorites on this list, too. We all adore Cindy-Lou Who! With her adorable red bow and pink dress, this all-red T-shirt is a unique way to honor and celebrate Dr. Seuss (and, of course, the love of reading). Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.