We’ve finally reached the final weekend of the college basketball season before the start of conference tournaments. And there’s no shortage of incredible matchups to close out what’s been a wild and unpredictable season. We’ve got our eyes on two big games in particular. In the afternoon, Kansas travels to Texas in the first of two top-10 matchups on the day. Then, a few hours later, North Carolina hosts archrival Duke in the latest chapter of the sport’s most storied rivalry. Here’s how we’re betting each of those marquee matchups, with odds courtesy of FanDuel: (4 p.m. Eastern) Are we finally seeing the version of Kansas that we were expecting after a national title run in 2021-22? Bill Self’s crew has looked like a completely different team over the last month – and that’s bad news for Texas on Saturday. The Jayhawks were mired in a 2-4 rut before scoring a crucial eight-point win over the Longhorns on Feb. 6. That sparked a massive turnaround for Kansas, which has since ranked fourth in T-Rank with a top-five defense and a perfect 7-0 record against one of the toughest schedules in the country. Next up comes the rematch with Texas, which boasts top-25 efficiency on both ends but is coming off two straight losses and struggled to keep the Jayhawks’ balanced lineup in check the last time around. It doesn’t help that the Longhorns choked away a chance at the Big-12 title with Wednesday’s loss at TCU, which could make it tough to get up for this one against this relentless Kansas buzzsaw. (6:30 p.m. Eastern) The last time these two teams faced off on Feb. 4, Duke pulled away late in what was predictably a close game throughout. I wouldn’t be surprised to see a virtually identical script this time around. Since that game in early February, the Blue Devils have ranked higher than the Tar Heels in offensive efficiency, defensive efficiency and overall power rating, per T-Rank. They’ve also won five straight games and eight of their last 10 entering Saturday – thanks in large part to Jeremy Roach’s emergence as a reliance scorer on a nightly basis. The junior guard dropped 20 points in his first meeting with UNC, which has shown some clear defensive lapses over its recent 4-5 run. This game should be close, as always, but Duke is the better team with a better plan for attack on Saturday. 