They’re seeing red over this carpet. Angry viewers have lashed out at Academy Awards’ organizers for replacing the classic Oscars red carpet. At Sunday night’s ceremony, celebrities walked a “champagne” colored carpet at the Dolby Theater in Hollywood after exes decided to shake things up for the first time in more than 60 years. However, armchair pundits were less than impressed with the drastic change, taking to Twitter to fume over the carpeting. “Finally getting around to turning on the Oscars for the red carpet coverage… WTF is that champagne carpet?!?! No!!!! It looks horrible!!!” one raged. Another claimed the carpet made the event look drab, declaring: “Okay the “champagne” carpet at the Oscars is terrible. They look like they’re attending a corporate banquet at the airport Hilton.” A third vexed viewer claimed the color was closer to a boring beige than chic “champagne.” Elsewhere, the light-colored carpet irritated a legion of other viewers, who said the shade showed dirt marks. “A CHAMPAGNE carpet???” one exasperatedly asked. “I hope they have a team of people with vacuum cleaners following everyone down that MF [motherf–cker] otherwise it’s gonna look rode hard and put up wet.” “This new champagne carpet with the lint and dirt on it is not the look!” an additional cynic sniped, while another chimed in: “The champagne carpet looks dirty.” Others claimed that women wearing light-colored dresses — like nominees Jamie Lee Curtis, Ana de Armas and more — blended into the carpet, whereas the older red carpet would have made their frocks pop. Curtis even joked about her glittering nude Dolce and Gabbana gown blending into the carpet on Twitter. “Apparently, at the Oscars, their carpet is going to match my drapes,” the “Everything Everywhere All At Once” star tweeted on Saturday, realizing that it was too late for a costume change. Meanwhile, an additional viewer begged for the Oscars not to bring back the fabric in the future, saying: “I hope the champagne carpet is gone for next year. It’s giving cheap and unfinished.” Organizers have previously stated that they were simply trying out a new color and there were no guarantees it would permanently replace the classic red carpet.