Coley Laffoon is remembering his late ex-wife, Anne Heche, who died in August at the age of 53 following a horrific car crash. In an Instagram post on Thursday, Laffoon shared a sweet tribute to Heche in honor of their son Homer’s 21st birthday. In the post, he thanked the late “Donnie Brasco” actress for “trusting him” with their child. “Impossible not to close my eyes and think of @anneheche zooming around the cosmos, swinging by Northern California, smiling her knowing and still vulnerable smile as she races past,” Laffoon, 49, wrote in the caption, accompanied by a carousel of photos of dad and son. His message continued, “He’s good Anne. Thank you for trusting him to me. It’s going to keep being great. I promise.” Laffoon and Heche were married from 2001 to 2009, after meeting when he filmed a documentary about her then-partner Ellen DeGeneres in 2000. Heche gave birth to Homer in 2002. She shares another son, Atlas, 13, with her “Men in Trees” co-star, James Tupper, whom she dated from 2007 to 2018. In August, Heche suffered second-degree burns on 12% of her body when she bizarrely plowed her car into an LA home. She was trapped for about 30 minutes, dying of “inhalation and thermal injuries” as well as a fracture of her sternum, according to an autopsy report released in December. The Los Angeles County Medical Examiner-Coroner’s Office noted the troubled actress wasn’t high on drugs during the crash. Shortly after her death, Laffoon took to Instagram to thank the public for their support and provide an update on Homer. “In the wake of Anne’s passing, I just wanted to say a few things,” he began. “One, I loved her and I miss her and I’m always going to. Two, Homer is OK. He’s grieving, of course, and it’s rough.” He continued, “It’s really rough, as probably anybody can imagine, but he’s surrounded by family and he’s strong and he’s going to be OK.” In November, Homer was given control over his late mother’s estate after a bitter battle with Tupper. In January, Homer announced that his mom had finished a memoir, “Call Me Anne,” before her death. The book is a follow-up to “Call Me Crazy,” which was published in 2001.