Buster Murdaugh, the sole surviving son of Alex Murdaugh, who was sentenced to life in prison Friday for murdering his wife and son, was calm and stoic during the trial and when he testified on behalf of his father. But the 26-year-old has a wilder side that was on display just two months after his family was massacred, according to someone who knows the family. The source told The Post that Alex, his brother Randolph “Randy” Murdaugh IV, other members of the PMPED law firm and Buster showed up at the annual South Carolina Association for Justice convention in Hilton Head in August 2021 and most of them got “very drunk.” While it was previously reported that Randy and Buster were there, the source said he saw Alex, who was president of the organization in 2016, there as well. “They showed up en masse, and a lot of them got very drunk, including Buster,” the source said. “It got bad enough that some of us had to leave and go upstairs to get away from them. We didn’t want to wind up in some brawl under a pile of Murdaughs.” “It was kind of surprising to see,” he added. “Your whole family has just been slaughtered and you should be worried about assassins lurking around every corner but instead you’re whooping it up and drinking.” Buster was also photographed with his uncle John Marvin Murdaugh at a gambling table in Las Vegas in October 2021. He later complained to his father in a jailhouse call that his picture had been taken, and Alex advised him to “start wearing a hat” in public. Alex Murdaugh, the 54-year-old scion of a powerful legal dynasty, was found guilty of killing his wife, Maggie, and 22-year-old son, Paul, at the family dog kennels at their country lodge, Moselle, on June 7, 2021. Buster — aka Richard Alexander Murdaugh Jr., named after his father and great-grandfather — lives with his lawyer girlfriend, Brooklynn White, in a $180,000 condo that she owns in Hilton Head, SC. He met White at the University of South Carolina Law School, his father’s alma mater. Buster had been a law student there as well until he was expelled, allegedly over a plagiarism incident, the Wall Street Journal reported at the time. Local outlet, The Post and Courier reported that “the family had paid a well-connected Columbia lawyer, Butch Bowers, some $60,000 to help secure Buster’s readmittance.” His future is viewed as especially uncertain because many people in Hampton County, SC, where the Murdaughs are from, believe he may know something about the 2015 death of Stephen Smith. “Buster is next … your son is next, Alex!” yelled an onlooker as Alex Murdaugh was led to a police van after his sentencing Friday morning. The person seemingly was referring to the ongoing South Carolina Law Enforcement Division (SLED) investigation and lengthy rumors surrounding Buster’s possible involvement in Smith’s death. Stephen’s body was found on a rural road in Hampton County, a few miles from the Murdaugh hunting lodge where Maggie and Paul Murdaugh were murdered in June 2021. His skull was partially crushed, there was a hole in his forehead and his shoulder had been dislocated, according to documents in the case and photos his mother, Sandy Smith, saw. Both Smith and former Highway Patrol investigator Todd Proctor, who oversaw the Smith case, previously told The Post that they believe Stephen may have been murdered — though the death was originally ruled a hit-and-run accident. Smith has long been vocal about her belief that the Murdaugh family, including Buster, may have had some tie to Stephen’s death.