Loyal ex-royal Sarah Ferguson says she will “always be there” for disgraced ex-hubby Prince Andrew — because of her “love” for his late mom, Queen Elizabeth II. Fergie, 63, told the Telegraph that she “always admired and adored” her one-time mother-in-law — and their mutual loyalty to Andrew during his Jeffrey Epstein-linked sex scandal brought them closer together. “During the [Queen’s] last three years, her poor son has been going through such a tumultuous time,” she said of her ex-hubby, who was stripped of his royal titles and who paid a multimillion-dollar settlement to sex accuser Virginia Roberts Giuffre. “And I think HM was very relieved I could help her with him, so we became even closer,” she said, using an affectionate abbreviation for Her Majesty. “She knew … I will always be there. Always. Because I love her,” she told the UK paper. “Really, she was more of a mother to me than my mother.” Despite splitting from Andrew in 1992 amid scurrilous tales of mutual cheating, Fergie finds herself one of her ex-husband’s only loyal defenders. “I think it’s really sad to see what Andrew has been through,” she complained, calling the close pal of Epstein and his madam Ghislaine Maxwell “a very kind man.” Still, her support is all the more challenging now that the Queen is not around to take the reins, she admitted. “When Andrew went through a hard time, I used to be able to throw it to The Boss,” she said affectionately of the late sovereign, whose beloved corgis she now cares for. During her interview, Ferguson picked out a slice of cake for her ex — and even joked about having “FOMO” that he’s “a better grandparent than me!” “It’s just amazing how good” he is, she said. “And it’s lovely to see after what he’s been through. He was always very good with his mom, who adored him. And now he’s very good as a grandfather.” Fergie refused to comment on reports that Andrew’s elder brother, King Charles III, is evicting them from the Royal Lodge home the exes still share. But she gushed in admiration for the new king. “I feel really strongly that the king is brilliant. He upholds everything that is good,” she said of her former brother-in-law. “He is a very special person.” Ferguson refused to be drawn in on the scandal of another royal wife, Meghan Markle, saying she didn’t “really know” her. “I haven’t really met her. I spoke to her at the funeral, and I thought she looked absolutely beautiful. I think she is beautiful,” she said. Asked bluntly if she felt Markle had damaged the royal family, Ferguson said: “It is absolutely not my place to answer that.” Still, she said Markle “has made [husband Prince] Harry very happy, and that is so nice. “Honestly, he’s so happy with her. She really loves him. And I think that’s beautiful — and that [Princess] Diana would be proud of him and her lovely grandchildren,” she said of Harry’s late mom. She also sympathized with the Sussexes’ move to the US, saying that the Big Apple was “a wonderful place” for her own 12 years stateside. “I felt free there. And I can’t thank Americans enough for the way they were with me. So … I can understand why” Harry would move to the US and his swanky California mansion. While refusing to gossip about the exiled royal’s scandal, Fergie made clear she is happy to watch all about it when asked if she’d seen the Duke and Duchess of Sussex’s Netflix docuseries. “I think I’m a devourer of information on Netflix … I love watching everything on Netflix,” she replied, tellingly. While not directly comparing it to Markle’s explosive attacks on the royals, Ferguson made clear she had a very different view of her time in the family as well as the way to treat that legacy. “Remember that the dream of every little girl is to be a princess, and I was a princess. And I loved every minute of it,” she said — repeatedly replying “loved it” to challenges from that time. “Listen, if every little girl’s dream is to be a princess, then your job is to uphold that dream. So I don’t ever want to let it down,” she said. That, too, came down to her devotion to the late Queen. “It’s unbelievably important to uphold Her Majesty’s legacy,” she said. “And although I’m not a member of the royal family anymore, my values are what I believe is right — and that’s what they uphold.”