Just hold on, we’re going on tour. After teasing a U.S.and Canada jaunt back in December, Drake has finally officially announced his summer 2023 ‘It’s All A Blur’ tour with 21 Savage. The Toronto-based rapper will play arenas all over North America from June through September. “Ah, man, I can’t wait to see the people, “Drake said in his late 2022 podcast appearance talking about his upcoming nationwide trek. “It’s different when you’re performing, you look out in the crowd, someone locks eyes with you and you can just tell it’s a moment.” Prior to the tour, Drake is scheduled to headline alongside J. Cole, Usher and Burna Boy at Raleigh, NC’s Dreamville Festival from April 1-2. Then, midway through the 29-show run, Champagne Papi’s tour stops in New York City for four huge concerts — first up, he’ll play Brooklyn’s Barclays Center on July 17 and July 18; the next week, he swings into NYC’s Madison Square Garden for back-to-back gigs on July 25 and July 26. ‘It’s All A Blur’ will be the hitmaker’s first since his 2018 “Aubrey & The Three Migos Live!” Tour. And if you need to score tickets today, our “Motto” is that we’re here to help make that happen. Although inventory isn’t available on Ticketmaster until Friday, March 17, fans who want to ensure they have tickets ahead of time can purchase on sites like Vivid Seats before tickets are officially on sale. Vivid Seats is a secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand. They have a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and will be delivered before the event. A complete calendar including all tour dates, venues and links to buy tickets can be found below. At all shows, Drake will be joined by his oft-collaborator 21 Savage. The 30-year-old rapper is known for his singles “A Lot” and “Rich Flex” as well his verses on “Creepin'” and “Jimmy Cooks.” Most recently, he put out the single “Peaches and Eggplants” with Young Nudy. Although Drake hasn’t toured in five years, he did perform two nights at New York City’s Apollo Theater on Jan 21-22. Each show was a true, all-out career retrospective — both nights, he played over 40 tracks including “One Dance,” “Passionfruit,” “Hold On, We’re Going Home,” “Started From The Bottom” and “Laugh Now, Cry Later” as well as a handful of surprising covers. If you want to see what Drake played on both nights as well as what he’s played at every gig as far back as his first show in 2009, take a look at Set List FM. Drake is nothing if not prolific. In 2022, he released two albums, “Honestly, Nevermind” and “Her Loss.” Before that, the Toronto native and former “Degrassi” star dropped the 21-song “Certified Lover Boy” in 2021. This year, he collaborated with Popcaan on the sure to be club favorite single “We Caa Done.” Our calendars are quickly filling up with so many exciting tours coming these next few months. Here are just five of the biggest you won’t want to miss over the next few months. • Lil Wayne • Wu-Tang Clan with Nas • Snoop Dogg with Wiz Khalifa, Too $hort, Warren G and more • Future • Nelly Want to see who else is on the road? Check out our list of the 52 biggest concert tours in 2023 here.