The Golden State is sparkling white. Parts of California have been covered by unusual amounts of snow in recent days – including at Yosemite Park, where up to 15 feet have led to its closure since Saturday. “Park crews are working to restore critical services so visitors can safely return. There is no estimated date for reopening,” the park announced on Twitter, where it posted a series of stunning photos. The images by the National Park Service show snow blanketing tents at the park resort of Curry Village, a structure at Yosemite Falls and a restroom whose entrance is blocked by a powdery white wall. Rare blizzard warnings were issued in California on Feb. 23 for parts of Southern California ahead of a powerful winter storm. Gov. Gavin Newsom declared a state of emergency in San Bernardino and a dozen other counties to support disaster relief by making state agencies and aid available and asking for federal help in clearing and fixing highways. On Wednesday, emergency crews scrambled to deliver food and medicine to mountain communities stranded by back-to-back storms that have stranded residents. Newsom announced the state was bringing in more snow plows and road crews to help clear roads — and authorized the state National Guard to prepare for disaster response. In San Bernardino County — the largest county by area in the contiguous United States — continuous plowing was underway but it was expected to take several days to reach some areas, said Dawn Rowe, chairwoman of the county’s board of supervisors. Communities were buried under as much as seven feet of snow and authorities have conducted 17 rescue operations to help off-roaders and skiers. In Crestline, the roof of Goodwin and Sons Market collapsed as safety inspectors were checking up on reported damage. Nobody was hurt, Rowe said, and officials quickly salvaged the food. “We know that roofs are starting to collapse,” she said. “There are other businesses that will likely be affected by the weight of the snow.” Anthony Cimino, 51, said he’s been snowed in for about a week in the mountain community of Running Springs. “I woke up this morning and there was another two-and-a-half feet on them,” said the retiree, who finally managed to clear his decks — but not for long. “It was kind of like Groundhog Day,” he added. Meanwhile, Yosemite National Park has postponed its planned Thursday reopening indefinitely. With Post Wires