Rachael Ray’s syndicated daytime TV show is coming to an end after 17 seasons, as the multihyphenate cooks up new production ventures. The 54-year-old longtime host confirmed the news Friday in a statement to The Post. “In my more than 20 plus years in television, I have had 17 wonderful seasons working in daytime television with ‘Rachael,'” the statement reads. “However I’ve made the decision that’s it’s time for me to move on to the next exciting chapter in my broadcast career.” The news comes hours after the Food Network star announced that she is teaming up with Intentional Content Team to launch a new production company, Free Food Studios. “My passions have evolved from the talk show format production and syndication model to a platform unencumbered by the traditional rules of distribution,” her statement continued. “I am truly excited to be able to introduce and develop new and upcoming epicurean talent on all platforms … Thank you to all of our ‘Rachael’ daytime show partners, crew, and affiliates, and the wonderful years we all worked together.” Rumors of the show’s demise swirled in January, as a source told Page Six, “This talk comes up every year because the show is renewed yearly. In fact, they’re out there renewing the show right now. There’s never a decision until later in the spring.” Premiering in September 2006, the program showcased Ray’s culinary skills, as well as celebrity interviews, visits from health and lifestyle experts, make-over segments, and musical performances. It was nominated for 37 Daytime Emmys and snagged three Outstanding Talk Show Awards throughout its run. The charismatic Ray landed her own show after a recurring stint on “The Oprah Winfrey Show.” Longtime daytime TV personalities Dr. Phil McGraw and Judge Greg Mathis recently announced the end of their respective programs as well. CBS Television Distribution distributes and produces Ray’s show. “When Rachael debuted her show 17 years ago, she was a game-changer in the daytime space. She made cooking accessible to the masses, taught viewers simple solutions on how to improve their lives and coaxed great stories out of celebrity guests with her relatable down-to-earth demeanor,” Steve LoCascio, president of CBS Media Ventures, told Deadline. “We’re proud to have produced such a successful show with Rachael and her team for so many years. We’ll miss Rachael on the air every day, but we’ll always be family.”