Goodbye, Gorgeous. The popular Broadway musical “Funny Girl” starring Lea Michele — in the Fanny Brice role made famous by Barbara Streisand — is closing on Sept. 3, 2023 after opening with Beanie Feldstein and Jane Lynch back in March 2022. That means there are only six more months worth of shows left at New York City’s August Wilson Theatre before Michele and her castmates Ramin Karimloo (CBS’ “Blue Bloods”), Jared Grimes (NBC’s “Manifest”) and Tovah Feldshuh (CW’s “Crazy Ex Girlfriend”) officially close the curtains for good on the production in midtown Manhattan. But we’re not here to rain on your parade. Rather, we’re here to report good news. Tickets are available for all remaining dates — and some are quite affordable considering this is such a buzzed-about musical. In fact, we found some seats going for as low as $66 before fees on Vivid Seats at the time of publication. So, if you want to see the show that the NY Post’s critic Johnny Oleksinski claimed “bring(s) our favorite songs to thrilling life and give(s) us a few laughs,” here’s everything you need to know. All prices are subject to fluctuation. At this point in the show’s run, “Funny Girl” is a well-oiled machine and operates on a typical Tuesday through Sunday eight-show-a-week calendar with Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday matinees. To find the show that makes the most sense for your schedule, be sure to check out all show listings here complete with dates, start times and links to buy tickets. Oftentimes, when attending shows, we find ourselves wondering, “Where do I know that actor from? Is it another play? A show? Maybe a movie?” We’re here to help. Below, we’ve listed the cast’s five biggest players along with their character name and most notable film, television and theatre roles. Lea Michele (Fanny Brice): “New Year’s Eve,” FOX’s “Glee,” “Spring Awakening” Note: Lea Michele does not perform on Thursday evenings. Ramin Karimloo (Nick Arnstein): “Tomorrow Morning,” BBC1’s “HolbyCity,” “Les Misérables” (received a Tony nomination for his role as Jean Valjean) Jared Grimes (Eddie Ryan): “Swing Kids,” HBO’s “Boardwalk Empire,”  “A Soldier’s Play” (Grimes was nominated for a Tony for his role in “Funny Girl”) Tovah Feldshuh (Mrs. Brice): “Armageddon Time,” AMC’s “The Walking Dead,” “Cyrano” Peter Francis James (Florenz Ziegfield): “The Losers,” EPIX’s “Godfather of Harlem,” “Hilary and Clinton” Want to stream the Oscar-winning 1968 film featuring Streisand, Omar Sharif and Kay Medford right now? All you have to do is click into Amazon Prime to see the classic film today. While there may be some urgency when it comes to seeing “Funny Girl” before it closes, here are five other shows you should certainly make room on your schedule for too. • “Hamilton” • “Sweeney Todd: The Demon Barber of Fleet Street” • “Parade” • “Some Like It Hot” • “& Juliet” If you’re looking for a few more options, take a look at our list of the 13 biggest shows opening on Broadway in 2023 here.