We’ve got a good feeling about this year’s Diamondbacks squad. Featuring a mix of All-Star veterans like Ketel Marte, Madison Bumgarner and Evan Longoria as well as exciting young talent like Alek Thomas, Jake McCarthy and Corbin Carroll, the team just might turn some heads this season. Manager Torey Lovullo echoed that sentiment. “I’m a firm believer that this team has a chance to go out and win every single night,” he told KPNX. Plus, when you throw ace Zac Gallen, nasty curveball-throwing closer Mark Melancon, power-hitting first baseman Christian Walker or durable outfielder Lourdes Gurriel Jr. in the mix, anything is possible. And if seeing the scrappy Diamondbacks upset the Dodgers and Padres at Chase Field on a regular basis these next few months sounds like your idea of fun, we’re here to let you know you can make that happen for cheap. After a bit of review, we found tickets going for as low as $13 before fees on Vivid Seats. Which games have the most inexpensive seats? Keep reading — we’ll show you the cheapest tickets available for each and every upcoming Dbacks home game this year. A complete calendar including dates, start times, opponents and cheapest tickets available for all Diamondbacks home games can be found below. A complete calendar of all Diamondbacks’ home and away games can be found here. (Note: The New York Post confirmed all above prices at the publication time. All prices are subject to fluctuation and include additional fees at checkout.) Vivid Seats is a verified secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand. They offer a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and your tickets will be delivered prior to the event. Per usual, most, if not all Diamondbacks games will be broadcast on TV this year. If you’d like to catch the Snakes on a screen near you, we recommend browsing Bally Sports Arizona, Fox, FS1 and ESPN to make sure you’re on top of where games will be shown. You can also always check your local listings too. For Dback fans outside the Arizona market, give MLB.tv a shot — you just might find MadBum and Co., there. Been too long since you’ve seen live music? That’s an easily fixable problem. Here are just five of the biggest tours you won’t want to miss when they come to a city near you these next few months. • Bruce Springsteen and the E Street Band • Metallica • Guns N’ Roses • Blink 182 • Billy Joel with Stevie Nicks Still need more options? Check out our list of the 52 biggest concert tours in 2023 here.