The “Countdown” is on. With Beyoncé’s highly-anticipated ‘Renaissance’ Tour just four months away and the messy on sale for tickets in the rearview mirror, there’s only question left to ask: How much are seats going for now? Cheaper than your might expect. In fact, we’re here to dispel you of any preconceived notions you may have about Queen Bey tickets costing exorbitant amounts. That being said, some prices are shockingly low. At the time of publication, we found some tickets going for as low as $57 before fees on Vivid Seats. Not a bad price to get in the door for one of the biggest concert tours of the decade. So, if you want to hear “Formation,” “Break My Soul,” “Crazy In Love,” “Drunk In Love,” “Single Ladies” and so many more from the 32-time Grammy winner live, keep reading — we’ve got the scoop on all the cheapest tickets for Beyoncé’s ‘Renaissance’ Tour. All prices are subject to fluctuation.  (Note: The New York Post confirmed all above prices at the publication time. All prices are subject to fluctuation and include additional fees at checkout.) Vivid Seats is a verified secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand. They offer a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and your tickets will be delivered prior to the event. At the time of publication, Beyoncé does not have any opening acts officially lined up for her 2023 “Renaissance Tour.” There is a tiny bit of buzz on Twitter that 74-year-old singer Grace Jones may be a special guest on the tour though. Not familar with Jones? We recommend starting with her hypnotic seven-minute cover of Roxy Music’s “Love Is the Drug.” This is the year of the massive arena and stadium tour — they’re everywhere. To get you up to speed, here are just five of the biggest tours you won’t want to miss when they come to a city near you in the next few months. • Taylor Swift • Janet Jackson • Madonna • Pink • Lizzo Need even more music in your life? Check out our list of the 52 biggest concert tours in 2023 here.