Alex Murdaugh’s older brother is convinced the convicted murderer is still lying over the brutal slayings of his wife and son. “He knows more than what he’s saying,” Randy Murdaugh, 56, told The New York Times of his drug-addicted, serial-lying brother who still denies gunning down wife Maggie, 52, and son Paul, 22. “He’s not telling the truth, in my opinion, about everything there.” Randy’s admission is in sharp contrast to a claim by his 54-year-old brother’s defense team that the whole family was “more convinced” of the disgraced legal scion’s innocence after his six-week trial. “The not knowing … is the worst thing there is,” Randy said of his ongoing doubts about his brother, who is serving two life sentences for the June 7, 2021, double murder. Randy shared similar observations to Maggie’s sister, Marian Proctor, who testified how she found it “off” that Murdaugh “never talked about finding” the killer. Randy also said he “spent considerable time, day after day for weeks on end, calling people” for any potential leads — while his brother did nothing. However, the distraught brother told the Times that he finds it impossible to picture his younger sibling being able to shoot his wife and blow the brains out of one of his two sons. Randy said he now questions if he ever really knew his brother, given the torrent of outrageous lies he’s since admitted to — right up to confessing on the stand that he’d lied for 20 months about being at the crime scene just before his wife and son’s murders. Randy worked closely with Alex at their powerful, long-respected South Carolina family law firm — and confronted him months after the murders about stealing from the firm. Alex admitted to embezzling millions and blamed it on a serial addiction to painkillers, his brother said. He also vowed to never again lie to his brother — a promise he broke within a day, Randy said, when Alex told him he’d been shot on the side of a road in what he later admitted was a set-up for a life insurance scam. Unlike their other siblings — younger brother John Marvin Murdaugh and sister Lynn Murdaugh Goettee — Randy did not attend every day of the trial. That was at least in part to deal with the damage his brother’s lies and thefts, Randy told the Times, detailing how he even appeared in a court to clear up his brother’s mess while he was on trial nearby. He recalled how he is forced to try to reassure clients by saying: “‘Listen, I’m not him. I’m doing things the right way, always have.’” Randy’s lengthy interview with the Times sharply contradicts the claim his brother’s attorney Jim Griffin made at a press conference. “After six weeks of trial, [the Murdaugh family] came away more convinced that he did not do this, and they are steadfastly in his camp and support him,” Griffin claimed. Instead, Randy has not spoken to his brother in nearly a year — and remains tormented over the brutal murders. “I hoped that after the trial, because there’s nothing more that can be presented, that I’d stop thinking about this,” he said. “But so far, that has not been the case.”