The record-setting $6 million settlement accusing the NYPD of violently crushing a George Floyd protest was led by two teachers as well as a former Peace Corps member and her disabled sister. Music teacher Ricardo Nigaglioni, special needs teacher Alex Gutierrez, former Peace Corps member Samira Sierra, and her doula sister Amali Sierra — who has multiple sclerosis — were among those named in the class-action lawsuit on behalf of more than 300 protesters. The fifth, Charles Henry Wood, was only described as someone who “decided to speak up for change” at the Bronx rally on June 4, 2020. The city agreed to settle their claim, which — if signed off by a federal judge — would give each protester $21,500. The plaintiffs’ attorneys believe the roughly $6 million total is the highest per-person award in a mass-arrest class-action lawsuit in city history. Samira Sierra — who served two years for the Peace Corps in Madagascar — said the protesters were “violated” by the NYPD’s “terror.” “We had every right to protest, yet, the City of New York made an explicit statement that day that the people of the Bronx are at will to be terrorized,” she wrote on Facebook. In the lawsuit, Sierra, 31, said she had asked to leave the protest when officers started “kettling” them. “They just kept moving in from both ends of the street, and they were crushing our bodies together,” Sierra told CBS New York. Soon, officers “started hitting people with batons. They started ramming people with bikes. They started spraying tear gas. There were cops on top of cars that were punching demonstrators,” she said. “There was blood. It was very gory — it was terror.” While she was seized and flung to the ground, Sierra said she immediately told officers that her then-22-year-old sister “had multiple sclerosis and was disabled,” the lawsuit stated. “Why would your sister be out here protesting if she’s disabled?” one cop answered, according to the filing, while another — in a white shirt of a senior officer — allegedly said: “Don’t come to a riot when you have MS, how about that!” Instead of letting the sisters out, Sierra said she “was body-slammed by about six officers” — then held in a cell with no food, water or toilet paper. Her sister — a Doula devoted to “black and brown NYC mommas” — told CBS that protesters were “pleading for their lives — ‘I can’t breathe,’ ‘Open it up,’ ‘We’re not fighting back.” The sisters claimed the heavy-handed tactics were deliberately used in Mott Haven instead of protests in Manhattan. “Black and brown folks, we are the Bronx, and it’s very clear that the city of New York just wanted to silence us,” Samira Sierra told CBS. Nigaglioni — a singer-songwriter who teaches for nonprofits — said that he wanted to leave the rally before the 8 p.m. curfew but was instead pinned in and arrested. At one point, a cop ‘lifted his face shield, “pulled down his face mask, and pepper sprayed him in the face, blinding him,” the lawsuit stated. He was tackled and thrown in a cell, without his shield or mask, despite it being the height of the pandemic, the filing stated. Nigaglioni had attended the rally with Gutierrez, a Department of Education teacher for more than 10 years who at the time was teaching physical education to special needs children as well as coaching sports. He, too, says he had asked to leave the curfew — but was hit on the arm with a baton and hit in the eyes with pepper spray, the lawsuit claimed — saying he also “saw a young woman lose consciousness.” Wood, meanwhile, was “standing next to a young Black woman who fell down, screaming,” according to the lawsuit. As he hunched over her to protect her, “an NYPD officer struck Mr. Wood hard in the upper back with a police baton,” with another then lifting him in the air to throw him on the ground. “The violence unleashed upon us that night was intentional, unwarranted, and will be with me for the rest of my life,” Wood told USA Today. “What the NYPD did, aided by the political powers of New York City, was an extreme abuse of power.” Protesters that day suffered numerous injuries ranging from minor to serious, according to the suit, which said medics were present at the demonstration, but most of them were arrested and denied the ability to treat the wounded. In a September 2020 report, the non-profit published testimony from doctors who attended the rally and described injuries they viewed at the scene. One doctor who attended the rally, family physician Sarah Johnson, reported she “saw one man who was hit in the head by police and started bleeding from a forehead laceration,” according to a report by the non-profit Physicians for Human Rights published in September 2020. “[Johnson] saw several people who were having difficulty breathing and one man was coughing so hard he was throwing up,” the report said, adding the doctor also said cops placed protesters in extremely restrictive zip-tie cuffs, so tight that one man was “sobbing in agony, it was so painful.” “The cuffs were very tight. I lost feeling in my hands very quickly and still don’t have feeling in my right thumb. Several people in the crowd were crying out because their cuffs were too tight. I could see swollen hands and hands that were becoming discolored [due to the tight handcuffs],” Johnson said. The NYPD said it “remains committed to continually improving its practices in every way possible.” “Two-and-a-half years after the protests of 2020, much of the NYPD’s policies and training for policing large-scale demonstrations have been re-envisioned based on the findings of the department’s own, self-initiated analyses and on the recommendations from three outside agencies who carefully investigated that period.” Additional reporting by Ben Feuerherd