Florida Gov. Ron DeSantis dissed New York State Saturday for allowing “criminals to run wild” on the streets and for failing to halt a deteriorating quality of life. In a Las Vegas speech, DeSantis claimed Florida enjoyed “better roads, better services higher performing K-12 schools and no income tax” and lower crime in spite of allocating a budget twice as small as New York’s. “What is New York doing by taxing people? What are they doing spending all this money on? It’s not improving the quality of life? I can tell you that,” the popular Republican said. DeSantis added that those considering moving to Florida — a subtle dig referencing the nearly 64,600 New Yorkers that flocked south in 2022 — will never have to worry about paying an income tax. The politician argued that New York will continue raising taxes in order to accommodate its bail reform policies, which DeSantis referred to as “unfunded liabilities” that don’t work. “You know what else doesn’t work? The cities and these left-wing states allowing criminals to run wild on our streets. That doesn’t work,” he said. “We in Florida stand for law and order. We don’t believe in coddling criminals, we believe in prosecuting criminals.” DeSantis also took aim at other progressive cities, such as San Francisco, Los Angeles and Portland. He claimed the latter’s soft-on-crime policies that allowed criminals back on the streets to repeat crimes only fanned the flames of the 2020 Black Lives Matter protests and riots. DeSantis hit the Las Vegas strip to tout his recently released book “The Courage to Be Free: Florida’s Blueprint for America’s Revival” — or what he called “the No. 1 book in these United States — which details how he navigated Florida through the COVID-19 pandemic and quickly gained popularity among republicans for bucking the Biden administration’s strict safety and health protocols. He touched on the topic multiple times by claiming Florida was the only state to come out of the pandemic stronger. DeSantis also ripped President Biden for his immigration policies and promised he would fight for secured borders. The head of the Silver State’s Democratic Party rebuked DeSantis’ visit. “No matter what Ron DeSantis tries to pitch to Nevadans today, we know the truth,” Daniele Monroe-Moreno said. “His record of supporting extreme abortion bans, cuts to Americans’ benefits, and peddling the Big Lie has solidified his place as one of the most extreme members of the GOP.” Many expected DeSantis to announce his 2024 presidential campaign during his Las Vegas visit. The day before, DeSantis visited Iowa to promise an audience of more than 1,000 he would “never surrender to the woke mob.” Some pundits expect DeSantis to announce his candidacy in late spring or early summer after the conclusion of the Florida legislative session in mid-May. With Post Wires