Grizzlies star Ja Morant will be away from the team for at least its next two games, Memphis announced Saturday. The decision came about two hours after an NBA spokesman released a statement that said the league is “aware of a social media post involving Ja Morant” and that it is investigating. Morant appeared to flash a gun in an Instagram Live video while at a strip club early Saturday morning. “I take full responsibility for my actions last night,” Morant said in a statement. “I’m sorry to my family, teammates, coaches, fans, partners, the city of Memphis and the entire Grizzlies organization for letting you down. “I’m going to take some time away to get help and work on learning better methods of dealing with stress and my overall well-being.” Though the details of Morant’s video are unknown, the 23-year-old in his fourth NBA season has been involved in a string of off-the-court issues, which The Washington Post detailed in a story published Wednesday based on records the outlet obtained. He also drew criticism for celebrating a 3-point shot with a finger-gun reaction the on Thursday night. According to The Washington Post’s story, Morant allegedly had off-court incidents involving a mall security guard and a teenager Morant allegedly punched the 17-year-old in the head during a pickup basketball game and later flashing a gun toward the him. The Washington Post reported that Morant filed a police report following the same incident because the teenager said “I’m gonna come back and light this place up like fireworks.” In separate statements, Morant’s lawyer and agent both denied the reporting. Agent Jim Tanner called the story “irresponsible and defamatory.” “Any and every allegation involving a firearm has been fully investigated and could not be corroborated,” Tanner said in the statement, in part. “This includes the NBA investigation last month, in which they found no evidence.” Morant has averaged 27.1 points per game this year through 53 games, while also adding 8.2 assists and 6.0 rebounds per game. The former Murray State star was the No. 2 overall pick in the 2019 draft, and he has been selected for the NBA All-Star Game the last two seasons. The Grizzlies, who sit in first place in the Southwest Division with a 38-24 record, next play the Clippers on Sunday and the Lakers on Tuesday.  They hold a six-game lead over Dallas for the division lead as the season enters its final quarter.