TAMPA — During the first day of workouts for pitchers and catchers last month, Gerrit Cole pointed out that this was his first normal spring training since he signed with the Yankees in December 2019, which he said gave him some extra comfort. In the weeks since, that has been noticeable around the Yankees’ complex. The $324 million ace has been a frequent presence for his teammates’ bullpen sessions and live batting practice sessions. When he hasn’t joined coaches behind the mound for those events, he has often been taking them in from a different view, either among his teammates near the on-deck circle or keenly observing from the top step of the dugout. Manager Aaron Boone has sensed the added comfort in how Cole has gone about his business through the first two-plus weeks of camp. “There’s no question he’s more entrenched in that room,” Boone said. “It’s awesome,” a smiling Cole said Friday night after throwing three scoreless innings with four strikeouts in his spring debut, a 5-3 loss to the split-squad Tigers at Steinbrenner Field. After Cole signed his nine-year, $324 million contract to don pinstripes, his first spring training in 2020 was interrupted when COVID-19 shut the world down. There were still restrictions in place during the 2021 camp and then spring training was delayed and condensed last year because of the lockout. Now, as Cole enters his fourth season as a Yankee, he is getting to experience a normal spring training for the first time with the organization. “It’s like I’m not wasting any brain power learning people’s names, I know where I want to eat, I know how long it takes to get to the field,” Cole said. “It seems like things are more familiar. I find myself being more curious about the game and spending more brain power on the game, as opposed to making sure I’m not showing up late or calling somebody by the wrong name and I’m not looking like I’m assimilating here because people are always looking at me. I want to do things right. I’ve got that kind of boxed up.” Cole has not sacrificed any intensity on days when he is pitching, but otherwise the difference has been evident to those around him. “I think it’s just the evolution of Gerrit in this rotation, in this [organization],” pitching coach Matt Blake said. “He’s much more settled as a Yankee and I think he knows where his position is amongst the group. He has a good feedback mechanism for the rest of the guys, likes to be out there and support them and give his advice on things and just be a sounding board for them, more than anything. He’s in a good spot right now and in a good rhythm, so he’s got time to go out and do those things.” The unusual nature of Cole’s first three spring trainings with the Yankees did not necessarily affect his performance during those seasons. In his first three years in The Bronx, he pitched to a 3.28 ERA with 594 strikeouts across 455 innings. But there is no denying that feeling more at ease off the field this spring — in addition to the way he pitched under pressure last October with a strong postseason performance after questions about whether he should be the ALDS Game 1 starter — could only stand to benefit Cole on the mound. “I think it’s just the less stressors you have in your life worrying about, ‘What are all the different things I have to consider as a Yankee, with the contract, with the expectations and everything that goes along with it?’ ” Blake said. “Finishing the year strong last year, answering the bell when people were talking down the stretch and in the postseason. I think that should settle him. “Then obviously adding Carlos [Rodon] as a support system for him, he doesn’t have to be the only guy — not that he was before. I think he feels amongst the group that there’s a good dynamic with all those guys. It’s a nice position for him to be in right now.”