New York Post readers can take advantage of up to $1,000 in bonus bets on BetMGM Sportsbook with the BetMGM bonus code NPBONUS. The new customer offer from BetMGM allows you to place your first bet up to $1,000, and if it loses, you would still get that same amount back in bet credits, aka bonus bets. Follow the link below for more information about BetMGM’s offer before the Los Angeles Clippers host the Toronto Raptors on Wednesday. If you don’t want to bet on the NBA, this offer works for any sport on BetMGM. New BetMGM customer can use bonus code NPBONUS to get up to $1,000 in bonus bets. So if you were to place a $100 bet that loses – you would still get back $100 in bet credits with the bonus code. This works for any amount up to $1,000. BetMGM’s new customer offer is a good way for inexperienced bettors to enter the sports betting world at their own pace. Wednesday night’s NBA slate wraps up in Los Angeles when the Kawhi Leonard and the Clippers host his former team, the Toronto Raptors. Los Angeles is favored by 2.5 points on BetMGM Sportsbook and that feels about right. Even though both of these teams are hovering around .500, I think the Clippers should be able to rely on their two stars to get the win. Leonard and Paul George are back to their peak form. The two combined for 76 points (George 42, Leonard 34) in their recent win over the Memphis Grizzlies, and they’ve both been playing well since they returned to Los Angeles’ lineup in January. The Clippers have a strong bench as well and that should help their chances tonight. The Raptors still have a chance to get into the Eastern Conference play-in bracket despite having a fairly underwhelming season so far. Pascal Siakam is scoring a career-high 24.7 points per game and Jakob Poeltl has been a good trade acquisition, so this team will be a challenge for Los Angeles. Ultimately, I think the Clippers are the better team tonight and the spread isn’t that high. Los Angeles only has to win by three points, so use bonus code NPBONUS to take the Clippers on BetMGM. New and existing players. Must be 21+. AZ, CO, DC, IA, IL, IN, KS, LA, MD, MI, NJ, TN, VA, PA, WV, WY only. Full T&C apply.. One of the easiest ways to get yourself a load of bet credits is through BetMGM’s very generous “refer a friend” scheme. BetMGM allows bettors to refer up to 20 friends, with both getting a $50 bonus. Your friend will need to make their first deposit and place their $50 bonus on any sport at odds of -200 or greater in order for you to claim your bonus. For Ohio: 21+ and present in OH. Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER.