The Massachusetts sports betting launch on Friday is getting closer and closer, and Massachusetts residents can get in on the action before launch with the FanDuel Sportsbook. This great offer from FanDuel gives new customers $100 in bonus bets on launch day! If you aren’t in Massachusetts, new users can grab FanDuel’s new welcome offer that lets you make 10x your first bet win or lose. The max wager is $20 so the max return is $200. Click on the links below for more information on both of these offers ahead of Texas Tech facing off against West Virginia. Both offers can be used for any sports market on FanDuel. This matchup is very interesting for the first round, as both of these teams have shown the potential to compete with the Big 12’s best despite lower-ranked teams. In addition, both Texas Tech and West Virginia finished the regulars season strong and will come into this matchup with some momentum. These teams split the season series, with both victories going to the road team. However, that is a testament to the Red Raiders’ performance away from, they have been much better on the road this season, and it could mean they play better at neutral sites. When you look at how these teams match up on paper, they are evenly matched. It will be up to the Red Raiders’ defense to keep them in this one, as the Mountaineers are an excellent offensive team, ranking 15th in offensive efficiency. In the end, the Mountaineers being far better offensively will make the difference, and you can get them at a great number at FanDuel Sportsbook. Once you place your first bet and the event reaches a result, you will receiver your bonus bets. The catch about bonus bets is that you don’t keep your stake like a standard cash wager. Since you will only be keep what you win, it is important to maximize your return. You can do this by placing bet with plus-money odds. A bet with +100 odds will return you the exact amount of your stake. Any number higher and you will make more than that. However, be wary as the longer your odds get, the less chance you have of winning. So one of the better ways to covert your bonus bets into playable cash would be to take alternate spreads. If you are confident in West Virginia, you can bet them to over an alternate spread of -5.5 at the price of +125. The Bettor Sports Network features original programming from celebrity personalities like Bill Simmons, famous for his picks on The Ringer Network Podcasts, and Kay Adams, a former host of Good Morning Football on the NFL Network, who displayed her vast knowledge of the NFL and fantasy football. Although, it is much more than that, as they are the new home of international basketball. FanDuel TV will broadcast more than 3,000 hours of professional leagues from around the globe. So you can sweat your bets on the same app that you place them on.