The San Diego Padres have never won it all. Over the course of the team’s 53 years of existence, they’ve gotten close — in 1984 and 1998, they made it to the World Series but came up short both times. However, 2023 might just be their year. Bob Melvin’s squad is truly stacked — this is a team that lists stars Manny Machado, Fernado Tatis Jr., Juan Soto, Xander Bogaerts and Nelson Cruz on its roster. We haven’t even gotten to the nasty pitching staff yet either. Their rotation consists of Yu Darvish, Joe Musgrove and Blake Snell in the top three spots. Let’s not forget closer Josh Hader. And while San Diego has a roster made up of likely All-Stars, there are surprisingly cheap tickets still available to see the team live at PETCO Park this season. In fact, some are going for as low as $10 before fees on Vivid Seats. That’s cheaper than a Bud Light at the ballpark (they’re going for $13 this season). Plus, some games will have nifty giveaways like Juan Soto bobbleheads, Trevor Hoffman jerseys and opening series hats. We’re just getting started too. There are a lot of freebies at games this season. So, if you want to root for the loaded Padres live this season, here’s everything you need to know. All prices were found at the time of publication and are subject to fluctuation. A complete calendar including dates, start times, opponents and cheapest tickets available for all Padres home games can be found below. *Note: On April 29 and April 30, the Padres are playing the Giants at Mexico City’s Estadio Alfredo Harp Helu. A complete calendar of all Padres’ home and away games can be found here. (Note: The New York Post confirmed all above prices at the publication time. All prices are subject to fluctuation and include additional fees at checkout.) Vivid Seats is a verified secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand. They offer a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and your tickets will be delivered prior to the event. The season hasn’t started yet but the Padres have already made headlines. After handing out a $350 million payday to shortstop Manny Machado, the team is now in talks to lock down phenom center fielder Juan Soto and the nearly unhittable Josh Hader. All details regarding these potential re-signings can be found on the New York Post. Need more Padres news in your life? The NY Post has everything you need to know about the boys in brown and burnt orange here. In the off-chance, a trip to PETCO Park isn’t in your near future, that’s no problem. You should be able to see most games on the local Bally Sports San Diego station. Alternative options include ESPN, Fox, Fox Sports 1 and TBS for select games. No matter what the case, always make sure to check your local listings. For Padres fans outside the San Diego market, give MLB.tv a shot — you just might find Machado, Soto, Bogaerts and Co., there. Been too long since you’ve been to a concert? We’ve got a solution to this serious problem. Here are just five of the biggest tours you won’t want to miss when they come to a city near you these next few months. • Bruce Springsteen and the E Street Band • Metallica • Guns N’ Roses • Blink 182 • Billy Joel with Stevie Nicks Still need more options? Check out our list of the 52 biggest concert tours in 2023 here.