Yes, August Alsina — the singer who was the other half of Jada Pinkett Smith’s romantic “entanglement” — watched Chris Rock’s comedy special. And he thought it was “funny.” “August watched the Netflix special and he laughed,” a source told The Post. “He thought it was not only funny but truthful. That was the best part for him.” On Saturday, Rock finally went public with his thoughts on being slapped by Will Smith at the 2022 Oscars, with “Selective Outrage,” his live Netflix comedy special. In it, Rock speculated that Smith smacked him not just over his joke about Pinkett Smith’s baldness (comparing the actress, who has alopecia, to “G.I. Jane”), but because Smith was unleashing built-up anger over her affair with Alsina. “Everybody in the world called him a bitch,” Rock said of Smith. “Everybody. Everybody. And who’s he hit? Me. A n—a he know he could beat. That is some bitch-ass shit.” The source suggested that, in Alsina’s eyes, Rock got it right. “A lot of people spoke out against [Alsina],” said the source. “So he was happy to see that Chris Rock seemed to be advocating for the truth and not just making a joke.” As Rock crowed about Smith during the stand-up special: “His wife was f–king her son’s friend.” Page Six previously reported that Alsina, now 30, and Pinkett Smith, 51, met in 2015 at the Wire Festival in London, where the Smiths’ kids, Willow and Jaden, were performing. The singer quickly became a friend of the family, even vacationing the next year with the couple and their children in Hawaii. But rumors began to swirl when Alsina and Pinkett Smith were photographed looking loved-up at the 2017 BET Awards. “People were speculating,” said the source. “And [Will and Jada] have a very unique understanding. August was vindicated when he said he had a conversation with Will. It was a blessing given.” In June 2020, Alsina told  Angela Yee, host of “The Breakfast Club,” that he “sat down with Will and had a conversation due to the transformation from [the Smiths’] marriage to life partnership … he gave me his blessing.” A few days later, Pinkett Smith confirmed the “entanglement” in a discussion with Smith on her Facebook Watch series “Red Table Talk” — but told her husband that she didn’t consider it a “transgression” because the couple were on a break at the time. “I was done with your ass,” Will said at the time. Looking back on it all, the source told The Post, “[Pinkett Smith] definitely downplayed a four-year relationship. It was not an entanglement. And that’s what made it so unfortunate. [Alsina] did not drag them in any interviews. It was not a scandal. It was just [Alsina] telling his truth and getting his life back. “He was actually getting sick from [the stress of the romance]. Physically sick.” Rock seems to believe that the stress of it all got to Smith, too “Everybody in here been cheated on. None of us have ever been interviewed by the person that cheated on us, on television. None of us,” Rock said during his special. “Like, ‘Hey, I was sucking somebody else’s d–k. How did that make you feel?”