Woke moviegoers saw the new “Cocaine Bear” — and they think it’s way out of line. “Cocaine Bear” has been getting rave reviews, raking in $8.65 million on its opening night, according to IMDB’s Box Office Mojo — but not everyone is so fond of the movie. Some “woke” viewers complained the new film is “encouraging drug use” and “not suitable for kids.” The movie — which is rated R for for bloody violence and gore, drug content and language throughout — is loosely based on a true story. In 1985, a bear was found dead in the Georgia woods after consuming a drug smuggler’s stash of cocaine that was dropped from a plane. “Cocaine Bear” shows the black bear surviving and becoming an addict willing to kill anyone who gets in her way. It follows an ensemble of locals, tourists, criminals and police offers who come together to try to survive the bear’s drug-fueled frenzy. One controversial scene in the movie shows 12-year-olds doing cocaine, which director Elizabeth Banks previously defended. “It was definitely controversial,” Banks told Variety. “There were conversations about, should we age up these characters? We all kind of held hands, and we were like, ‘Guys, they’ve got to be 12.’ It’s their innocence being tested. That’s what was interesting to me about that scene.” Some movie-goers were not satisfied with what they saw. “As the extreme movie enthusiast that I am, I found this movie was lacking some soul and desire,” one viewer criticized. “I would give zero stars if I could,” Ammar Marashli said. “It was a waste of time and I would love it if I could get a refund. It was way too incredibly gory and violent. We wanted to cry and throw up.” “I never want to watch a film like this again what a complete waste of time, and very degrading to bears,” Karl Grady shared. “How dare it have been passed and made. Bears are beautiful animals that deserve to be respected.” “I’d give it one star just because I have to and it got a bear in it,” he added. Others complained that the film was not family-friendly. A viewer said that the film “was encouraging the use of Class A drugs repeatedly to teenagers.” “Blood, guts, and intestines being eaten is not suitable for kids,” Tanya Mitchell said. “This movie is nothing like what my family thought,” Adrianne Morris shared. “It is not for children. The amount of death and blood was awful.” “I can’t believe I have ever seen such an awful movie. My husband loves action movies and he was even taken back at some of the scenes. Go see something else or save your money. This movie is gross and will leave kids with nightmares,” she added. “Cocaine Bear” is currently in theaters.