He was canned for creeping in the can. A cruise ship employee has been sacked after he was busted allegedly filming a female passenger while she was in the bathroom. A viral video of the creeper’s high seas peeping currently boasts more than 10.1 million views on TikTok. “This man was in the women’s restroom located at the kids club,” the victim, identifed only as Saja, captioned the disturbing clip. The sordid incident reportedly occurred aboard the MSC Meraviglia — a cruise ship belonging to the France-based MSC Cruises fleet headquartered in Geneva, Switzerland. The horrified passenger claimed that the man locked himself in the adjoining toilet stall and appeared to be aiming a camera at her. The distressed Saja can be seen motioning to a loo cubicle as she tells a male cleaning staffer: “There’s someone hiding under there filming me.” “A man?” the crew housekeeper asks, to which the petrified passenger replies, “Yeah, it’s a man!” Aiming to get to the bottom of it, the staffer then knocks on the stall door and declares “housekeeping,” but doesn’t receive any response. He then takes a peek under the door — where two human feet are clearly visible. Salvation finally comes after a fellow female passenger runs up and bangs on the stall door, admonishing the offensive occupant to “open up the door please.” This seems to do the trick as shortly thereafter, a man wearing an MSC uniform opens up the door and sheepishly admits, “I was wrong.” “You need to call security, because he’s an employee,” the good Samaritan tells the housekeeper. MSC Cruises said they have since fired the crew member responsible for the alleged unlawful surveillance, cruise news outlet Crew Center reported. “Our security team did fully cooperate with the authorities on this investigation,” said a spokesperson for the cruise line to News.com.au. “We took immediate action to terminate employment of the crew member involved and support the impacted guests.” The reps added, “The safety and comfort of our guests and crew is our top priority, and we have a zero-tolerance policy for any misconduct on board our ships.” In a follow-up post, Saja claimed she was contacted by authorities, who notified her that the alleged voyage voyeur had been “deported.” MSC Cruises hypes itself as “the world’s third-largest cruise brand” as well as the “leader in Europe, South America, the Gulf region and southern Africa,” on its website. “We are also the fastest-growing global cruise brand with a strong presence in the Caribbean, North America and the Far East markets.” Note: Saja stressed that her goal was not to “disgrace” the cruise line, but rather shed light on the unsettling phenomenon, which she insisted was not “unique to MSC.” “I want all women to be aware of their surroundings at all times, vacations included,” she said. “Stay vigilant and safe out there.” Meanwhile, this isn’t the first case of alleged cruise ship misconduct to make waves of late. In January, a 27-year-old California woman filed a lawsuit against Princess Cruises alleging that an art auctioneer aboard the ship raped her — and that she contracted HIV during the assault. Three additional alleged incidents of sexual assault on Princess Cruise ships were reported to the US Department of Transportation from April 1 to June 30, 2022, according to the Daily Beast. “This case is just the tip of the iceberg when it comes to the crisis of rapes and sexual assaults on cruise ships,” maritime attorney Michael Winkleman, of the Miami-based Lipcon, Margulies & Winkleman, told The Post earlier this year. “There are a variety of reasons that have led to this crisis, including the absence of independent law enforcement and the dramatic over service of alcohol. But arguably the most dangerous part is how unaware the general cruising public is of the significant risks they face while at sea.”