She left her “head and heart on the dance floor” … as well as, apparently, her chapstick. During Lady Gaga’s surprise performance at the 2023 Academy Awards on Sunday, fans took to Twitter not to praise the singer, but to express concern about her chapped lips. Gaga’s 2022 single “Hold My Hand,” featured on the “Top Gun: Maverick” soundtrack, had been nominated for Best Original Song — but as she sang it on stage at Los Angeles’ Dolby Theater, some audiences were more focused on her dry, cracked lips. The singer had stepped out of her glamourous gown for the performance, favoring a dressed-down look in a casual T-shirt and a bare face. Earlier in the evening, she walked the red carpet wearing a bold, red lip — so it’s possible that what some perceived as blood could have been residue from her makeup. Nevertheless, her seemingly parched pout got viewers talking. “Lady Gaga you didn’t think to put some lip balm on before coming out on stage ???  #oscars#Oscars2023,” one Twitter user criticized. Another agreed, typing, “There’s no excuse for Lady Gaga having chapped lips during this Oscars performance.” “Lady Gaga, you could’ve put some chapstick on them lips #Oscars,” someone else wrote, attaching a GIF of former “America’s Next Top Model” judge J. Alexander looking wide-eyed and shocked. Others, however, seemed to think chapped lips made the multi-platinum record-selling popstar more relatable and praised her low-key look. “Lady Gaga is giving us regular human being for once,” one Oscars viewer noticed. “Down to the chapped lips and grown out roots. What a time. #Oscars.” Another seconded, “Felt so humanized by Lady Gaga today! And I should moisturize my lips! Thanks for the reminder giiiiirl.” Gaga’s performance at the 2023 Academy Awards came as a shock for many. Just a few days before the prestigious ceremony, Oscars producer Glen Weiss had confirmed during a press conference that the “Born This Way” singer would not be performing at the live event, according to Variety. But hours before the ceremony was set to start, a source close to production confirmed to the Associated Press that she would, in fact, perform at the show — and that she did. The Post reached out to Gaga’s rep for comment. This year’s Oscars awards was one for the history books, as actress Michelle Yeoh became the first Asian woman to win in the Lead Actress category for her performance in “Everything Everywhere All at Once.” The film swept the nominations, as co-stars Jamie Lee Curtis and Ke Huy Quan also took home top honors in their respective categories. The film itself went on to earn the Best Picture prize. Meanwhile, Brendan Fraser won the Best Actor award for his role in “The Whale.” As for Best Original Song, Lady Gaga was beaten out by Indian composers M. M. Keeravani and Chandrabose for their tune “Naatu Naatu,” featured in the Bollywood epic “RRR.”