Far-left “Squad” Rep. Cori Bush (D-Mo.) has paid more than $100,000 in campaign money to a former Black Panther who claims he is hundreds of trillions of years old, can teach “psychic self-defense,” and that the Rothschild banking family helped start the COVID-19 pandemic. Nathaniel Davis III, also known as Aha Sen Piankhy, has received around $137,000 from Bush’s campaign since 2020 for “security services,” according to Federal Election Commission filings. The St. Louis-based “spiritual guru” — whose online antics were first reported by the Washington Free Beacon — has claimed on Facebook that he is “109 trillion years old in this galaxy” and can teach how “to protect yourself from telepathic and telekinetic attacks.” “I’m going come teach [sic] the people how to survive. It’s what I came to this planet for in this lifetime,” Davis said during a July 17, 2020, Facebook livestream. “I’m 109 trillion years old in this galaxy, the Milky Way galaxy.” Davis, who joined the New Black Panther Party in the wake of the 2014 Ferguson riots, also has a history of promoting anti-Semitic conspiracy theories on his social media account. In two separate Facebook posts on July 17, 2020, Davis said the Rothschilds have had “every president elected in every country in the Western Hemisphere” and that they and other members of the “global elite” unleashed the coronavirus because they are trying to “kill every last one of us.” “That’s what this global pandemic is about. We’re getting a new global system put in place by the families that run the planet. It’s not a conspiracy theory, man, it’s just facts,” he said. “How do we have a global pandemic and everybody was affected by a virus that was created in a lab? It’s not natural. That means it was planned … Which means they planned this pandemic on us as a people.” “You got the global elite looking to kill every last one of us. They want to wipe out half the population of the planet,” Davis reiterated. The St. Louis shaman — who has also flirted with fringe QAnon conspiracies — encouraged people viewing his posts to till gardens and produce food on their own property to fight back against the ruling elite. Bush, who backs the anti-Israel Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions movement, also enjoys a relationship with pro-Palestinian activist Neveen Ayesh, who said on Twitter in 2014 that she wanted to “set Israel on fire with my own hands & watch it burn to ashes along with every Israeli in it.” The far-left congresswoman and her spiritually inclined security guard are Facebook friends and were seen together on July 3, 2020, as they marched outside the home of Mark and Patricia McCloskey, who a week earlier had drawn their firearms on a crowd of Black Lives Matter protesters in St. Louis. Davis stayed right next to Bush, according to a Twitter video posted the next day on her personal account, wearing an identical outfit to one he had worn for his city’s annual Juneteenth festival just days before. Additionally, he filmed two videos of himself walking behind the congresswoman at the same protest. Bush last week was slapped with an FEC complaint related to $60,000 in campaign payments to her now-husband, Cortney Merritts — who was paid to guard his now-wife despite not having a required private security license. Neither Bush’s campaign nor a spokeswoman for her office responded to a request for comment.