It truly was a “Sign of the Times.” Harry Styles gave a pregnant Australian woman the surprise of a lifetime when he revealed her baby’s gender at a concert in Sydney on Saturday after noticing her holding a sign that read, “Do my gender reveal?” “I CANT BELIEVE THIS HAPPENED! Thank you so so much Harry!!! Also thank you @Gememalee and the beautiful girls we met in line to help this happen!,” glowing gal Gina Cunningham captioned a video of the magical moment. The TikTok clip, which has kicked up nearly 3 million views, shows the “Watermelon Sugar” singer bantering with Cunningham, who is already mom to a 1-year-old daughter. “Are you sure you want to do this?” the 29-year-old heartthrob asks. “Would you mind passing me that tiny, tiny envelope?” “Are we ready for this, Sydney?” Styles continued, as the crowd roared in agreement. The “As It Was” singer then asked his band to play some slow “gender music,” but the band struck up a rather clubby tune. The One Direction alum noted the song was a “touch too sexy for a gender reveal” as he opened the envelope. “The good news is I know something you don’t know. The bad news is you’ll have to wait until the end of the show,” Styles yelled as the crowd began to boo. “Just joking,” laughed the megastar. “It was just a joke.” Styles finally revealed the gender — but not before milking the suspense a little longer by asking Cunningham if her daughter, Evie, has a gender preference for her sibling. Evie does not. “It’s a girl,” announced Styles as Accor Stadium erupted in cheers and applause. The touching interaction lit up TikTok. A concertgoer who accompanied Cunningham posted two follow-up videos, including one showing a group of women posing before the show with the fateful sign. The in-video text reads: “Making a sign in the line for Harry Styles just hoping he’ll see it.” “Imagine taking your daughter to her first Harry styles concert and telling her he did your gender reveal,” chuckled one person. “Harry Styles is one of the best humans on the planet. So engaging with his fans. He’s awesome,” gushed a second. “Matilda, Olivia, Diana or Harriet are the only suitable names,” a third person declared, referencing Styles’ extensive hit catalog. Styles’ “Love on Tour” is set to stretch into the summer with stops in Asia and Europe.