It was a slam Dunk. Canadian thrift shop fanatic Sarah Dunk went viral on TikTok this week for reporting discovery of a vintage Gianni Versace dress at a secondhand shop for only $12. But after posting the clip, which has collected 15 million views, she realized the hot number may be worth way more, as users took to the comments to claim it goes for thousands of dollars for resale online. “You’re gonna freak out,” Dunk said as she filmed herself in the thrift store chain Value Village. She pulls the gown off the rack, showing it off to the camera. The spaghetti-strap dress features a corset-style, black lace bodice and a long black skirt. “It’s $17,” she declares, referencing the Canadian price, as she drapes it around herself. “It looks small, I’m scared… It’s old, but we’ll see. You’re gonna have to stay tuned, everybody.” The Post reached out to the TikTok creator for comment. In the comments section of her video, a user recognized the dress as the Gianni Versace spring/summer 1992 bustier lace bra slit evening gown with sheer panels, which has a resale price of $9,800 on 1stDibs.com, a luxury online marketplace. Gianni Versace was the face of the Versace fashion empire until he was brutally murdered in 1997 by serial killer Andrew Cunanan. Gianni’s sister, Donatella, has carried the mantle ever since. Viewers who watched the video were shocked by the find. “My jaw dropped,” one commenter exclaimed. “That’s not just Versace it’s VINTAGE Versace. Best find ever!!” Another joked, “I’m shocked the employees even let that touch the racks lol.” “GIRL, U FOUND A GIANNI VERSACE AND THATS ON ANOTHER LEVEL,” someone else emphasized. In a follow-up video, Dunk admitted she ended up buying the vintage frock. “There’s been a lot of comments about how expensive this dress goes for, for resale, and I’m so grateful that you guys found it, because I have been scouring the internet, all the resale sites, 1stDibs, and I couldn’t seem to find it until I put in some really specific keywords,” she explained in the clip. She confessed that she’s a bit “skeptical” that the listings on the resale sites are for the dress she has in her possession “because my dress has different straps.” At the end of the clip, Dunk revealed what the dress looks like on, gushing over the vintage find. She also posed in the dress in a dramatic video posted to her page Tuesday, styling it with metallic silver heels and a pair of black tights. Other recent thrift store discoveries gone viral include a $15 router with juicy secrets and a special box of typewritten recipes.