Rihanna had a very special plus-one lifting her up during her Oscars performance to remember on Sunday night at the Dolby Theatre in Los Angeles. After a moving introduction by “Black Panther: Wakanda Forever” star Danai Gurira, the mother-to-be glowed as she delivered “Lift Me Up,” the poignant ballad that she co-wrote in dedication to the Marvel franchise’s late star Chadwick Boseman. And despite a last-minute surprise performance by Lady Gaga — who swooped in to deliver a powerhouse performance of “Hold My Hand” at the last minute on Sunday — RiRi still got the prime spot as the final Best Song performer. Backed by strings and a choir, she shined in a sparkly, bejeweled black gown while delivering a solemn yet gospel-spirited rendition of “Lift Me Up” that drew a standing O from the audience — including boyfriend A$AP Rocky — as much for Boseman as for her performance. But it remained to be seen if Rihanna and her co-writers — producer Ludwig Göransson,  “Wakanda Forever” director Ryan Coogler and Nigerian artist Tems — would take home the Best Original Song Oscar. “Lift Me Up” —  released last October and serving as Rihanna’s comeback single after a lengthy music hiatus — faces stiff competition from Lady Gaga’s “Top Gun: Maverick” track “Hold My Hand” as well as “Naatu Naatu,” the “RRR” ditty that became the first tune from an Indian film to win the Golden Globe for best original song in January. The other contenders include “Applause,” the “Tell It Like a Woman” tune that scored the 14th nomination for perennial Best Song bridesmaid Diane Warren; and “This Is a Life,” the “Everything Everywhere All at Once” number performed and co-written by Son Lux’s Ryan Lott, David Byrne and Mitski. Follow The Post’s Oscars 2023 live coverage Rihanna’s Oscar night appearance continues an impressive streak for the pop superstar. She already rocked the biggest stage in the business last month as the Super Bowl halftime show headliner at State Farm Stadium in Glendale, Arizona — a performance seen around the world. It was then that the 35-year-old “Umbrella” singer revealed to the world that she was expecting her second child with rapper A$AP Rocky,  just nine months after the couple welcomed their firstborn — a son, whose name remains under wraps.