These weren’t the stretches that Jacque Vaughn expected from Mikal Bridges. The 30-point games. The scoring bursts. The responsibilities that come with being the Nets’ No. 1 scoring option. But then came the first quarter Sunday in Brooklyn’s 102-86 win against the Hornets. Bridges made his first eight attempts. And on the ninth, he maneuvered left and executed the same move that worked for so many of his others — two or three quick dribbles toward the block, a mid-range jumper while fading away — while sliding into the corner as the shot settled through the basket. “I think there’s something to be said about you might make three, four in a row, but to get to nine, you gotta be pretty aggressive early in that game,” Cameron Johnson said. Bridges finished the first quarter with 19 points — along with 33 for the game — and paced a balanced offensive performance, blending with a Brooklyn defense that held the Hornets to 41 points in the first half. It wasn’t as thrilling as their 28-point comeback against the Celtics on Friday, but the Nets (36-28) secured their first set of back-to-back wins since the Kyrie Irving and Kevin Durant trades. And with last-place Houston awaiting Tuesday, the Nets’ first three-game winning streak since their stretch of 12 consecutive wins in December sits within reach. “As great as it was to win that, we’d be fools to think that that’s a repeatable process,” Spencer Dinwiddie said. “There’s a reason why we’re the only team to come back from 28 this season. But the carryover then to Charlotte, and really kinda stifling them on defense, holding them to 86 points, that was more so what we should be proud of than the kinda historic comeback. That kinda establishes identity.” Bridges helped the Nets avoid falling into a trap against a Charlotte team that had previously lost star LaMelo Ball for the season, keying their 70-point outburst in the first half by scoring 13 of Brooklyn’s opening 19 points. He had a stretch of six consecutive points with the Nets and Hornets tied at 10, with one basket coming when Bridges beat Gordon Hayward and elevated for a shot from the second hash mark. The next possession, Bridges pushed his dribble toward the free-throw line and pulled up for a jumper. “My teammates just kinda found me,” Bridges said. “As I just kept making shots, they just kept looking for me.” But this time, unlike other games, the Nets didn’t necessarily need to score at that clip. In the first half Sunday, the Nets only committed one turnover and forced seven by the Hornets. They disrupted possession after possession, and Charlotte only hit 3 of 13 3-pointers and 34.9 percent of its shots during the opening 24 minutes. Brooklyn connected at a 52 percent clip from the field during that span. Spencer Dinwiddie, who finished with 24 points, hit three 3s, and Joe Harris added four from beyond the arc in nearly 18 minutes, too. “We were locked in from the beginning,” Vaughn said. “Our approach was great. Our attention to detail was great. And we definitely got rewarded for it by playing pretty well.” One of their worst scoring droughts of the evening came at the start of the third quarter, when the Nets didn’t score on their first five possessions. But the Hornets couldn’t connect on shots during that stretch either, failing to trim the lead, and with 8:57 remaining in the frame, Bridges took possession outside the 3-point arc and went to the basket for a layup. About two minutes later, he hit a 3-pointer in front of the Hornets’ bench to put Brooklyn up by 32 points. A timeout followed. The Hornets eventually trimmed the lead to 14 in the fourth quarter, but the game was effectively over. After nearly a month of tinkering, retooling and trying to patch together his lineup, Vaughn’s unit for the remainder of the season — with Bridges and an aggressive defense as emerging centerpieces — has finally started to materialize. It wasn’t just a one-time occurrence in Boston, either. The Nets replicated that two days later.