What had been Democrats’ “coming Asian voter problem has, in fact, arrived,” argues The Liberal Patriot’s Ruy Teixeira. In 2022, “nationwide the Democratic advantage among Asian voters declined 12 points relative to 2020.” Why? “Asians are worried about public safety” and the Dem image is of “a soft approach to containing crime.” They don’t “harbor particularly radical views on the nature of American society and how it must be remade to cleanse it of intrinsic racism and white supremacy.” And Dems are “increasingly associated with an approach to schooling that seems anti-meritocratic, oriented away from standardized tests, gifted and talented programs and test-in elite schools — all areas where Asian children have excelled.” Face the facts, or Democrats “might as well resign themselves to a political stalemate where they cannot beat the GOP decisively despite that party’s massive and glaring weaknesses.” “The first state in the U.S. to ban the sale of all flavored tobacco and nicotine products,” Massachusetts in late 2019, has seen “thriving illicit markets, challenges for law enforcement, and prosecution of sellers,” all contrary to promises, grumbles Jacob Grier at Reason. Per a new state report, “tobacco tax revenue has fallen by approximately 22.6 percent over three years” thanks to reduced smoking and likely “smuggling of untaxed products.” The Bay State data show that “flavor bans will lead to illicit markets, arrests, and incarceration.” States like New York eyeing similar moves “should view Massachusetts as a warning, not a role model.” A survey by AAPI Data showing that “69 percent of Asian Americans supposedly favor race-based college admissions” has “gone viral” but is fundamentally misleading, explains Renu Mukherjee at The Hill. It’s “more about the question Asian Americans were asked than the values they hold.” The poll asked about programs designed to help “minorities get better access to education” — dropping a past question that asked about “programs designed to increase the number of Black and minority students” which got markedly less support. And that one, notes Mukherjee, “more closely reflects existing affirmative action programs” in college admissions. In short, AAPI Data “seems more interested in pushing a particular narrative than in understanding what Asian Americans really think about affirmative action.” President Biden’s “sudden policy adjustments” are “coming thick and fast” as he tries “to repair rips in his case for” re-election, snarks the Washington Examiner’s Hugo Gurdon. But: “It’s a shell game. The trickster Biden juggles his rhetoric so his intended dupes . . . are briefly confused about what his policy really is.” In reality, each shift “is quick, simple, and easily executed,” but “can be reversed whenever the trickster feels like it.” Thus: “His abject mismanagement drew a record 2 million-plus illegal immigrants into the United States in 2022, five times as many as in the year before he took office.” Now, if “he cuts illegal immigration, let’s say by 25%, expect him to argue in 2024, ‘I cut record illegal immigration by 500,000 — more than any president in history.’ Yadda, yadda!” Contra all those claiming Gov. Ron DeSantis wants no black history taught in schools, Mark Bauerlein at the Miami Herald points to “the new English Language Arts standards that the Florida Department of Education adopted in February 2020. They’re called the Benchmarks for Excellent Student Thinking,” and among the writers pushed are “Frederick Douglass, Booker T. Washington, W.E.B. Du Bois, Langston Hughes, Zora Neale Hurston, Richard Wright, Gwendolyn Brooks, James Baldwin, Lorraine Hansberry, Alice Walker and James Weldon Johnson. In seventh grade, teachers are encouraged to assign ‘Freedom Walkers: The Story of the Montgomery Bus Boycott’; in eighth grade, Nelson Mandela’s ‘Long Walk to Freedom’ and Douglass’ “Blessings of Liberty and Education;’ and in 12th grade, the poems of Countee Cullen.” — Compiled by The Post Editorial Board