The mother of an 11-month-old boy who was filmed with a vape in his mouth has broken her silence — she says she regrets the incident and did not realize she was being filmed at the time. The NSW mom, who was filmed laughing while the little boy inhaled fumes from a vape, was widely condemned after the footage was shared on social media. Officers attached to the Mid North Coast Police District attended a home in Kempsey on Tuesday following a “concern-for-welfare report,” regarding the young boy. The check followed the emergence of footage posted to social media showing the baby sucking on an e-cigarette provided by his aunt. In one clip, a woman can be heard asking the baby “want to try?” before sticking the vape in his mouth, while in a second video, a woman is seen laughing as the baby coughs out the toxic vapor. The Daily Telegraph on Sunday night reported exclusively that the child’s mother, 16, called the incident a “silly joke”. “I wish I didn’t do it, but I never meant to hurt him. I would never hurt him,” she told the newspaper. NSW Police did not press charges after investigating. In a statement, they said, “no further action will be taken”. “Police have now spoken with the child’s family and – following the advice provided by medical professionals and other governmental agencies – no further police action will be taken,” an NSW Police spokesperson said. The decision to not press charges comes amid calls for the baby to be taken away from his mother from appalled viewers. “Who gives their kid a vape, grow up, and be a better mother,” one person commented. “How can you put the vape up to your own son’s mouth and watch him suck on it and laugh while he’s choking and coughing.” The mother later defended herself in a comment on Facebook. “Every c— got the hide to sit there and talk about me and my child, take a look in yas own backyard,” she wrote. “You ain’t perfect either so keep that mouth going you ain’t scary, you’re nothing but bums.” For parents who believe their child has inhaled smoke from a vape, experts recommend seeking medical advice from the poisons hotline or visiting an emergency room. Read the mother’s full interview with The Daily Telegraph here.