“Gimme That” phone! Chris Brown, 33, chucked a concertgoer’s phone into the air at his Berlin show Wednesday after she tried to capture the once-in-a-lifetime experience of a lap dance on stage. In now-viral fan footage, the embattled entertainer selects a ticketholder to take a seat while he sensually performs his 2007 song “Take You Down.” The excited woman pulls out her phone and positions it selfie-style to try and record Brown standing behind her. Unimpressed, he calmly takes the phone out of her hand and places it in her lap, so she can fully enjoy the moment. A short time later, she tries again — and Brown quickly grabs the phone and launches it into the crowd. The audience audibly reacts as the woman appears stunned. The song comes to an end, and the lights go down. Fans also posted an interaction between the woman and another spectator after the concert that appeared to show the woman getting the phone back. It’s unclear whether the thrown phone sustained damage. The Post has contacted reps for Brown for comment. Brown’s impulsive move comes two weeks after he slammed critics that “still hate” him for  his abusive relationship with ex Rihanna. He pleaded guilty to one count of felony assault for beating the Super Bowl halftime performer in 2009. “Im [sic] f–king 33! Im [sic] tired of yall [sic] running wit [sic] this narrative,” Brown wrote in a Feb. 17 Instagram story that referenced rapper Blueface and his girlfriend Chrisean Rock’s tumultuous relationship, noting that the two of them “beat the f–k out of each other in front of the world.” “But thats [sic] OK? It’s entertainment? ALL yall [sic] can suck my d–k disrespectfully,” Brown added. Brown has amassed several unpleasant headlines over the years. His ex-girlfriend, Karrueche Tran, was granted a five-year restraining order against him after he allegedly became aggressive toward her when she reportedly did not return money and gifts he gave her during their relationship. Just last month, singer Chlöe Bailey took heat for announcing a collaboration with him. In November, Brown claimed the team behind the American Music Awards canceled his tribute to Michael Jackson at the last minute. Reports speculated his troubled past was to blame.