Never-land in a million years. Jude Law stars as the villainous Captain Hook in Disney’s upcoming “Peter Pan & Wendy,” and some fans who’ve already caught a glimpse are wondering — is that really him? And if so, why? A teaser for the “Peter Pan” remake — which drops on streamer Disney+ Apr. 28 — shows the British actor, 50, remarkably well-disguised in full costume and heavy makeup. Fans on Twitter gave their thoughts about Law’s character’s look, with one writing that the film  “looks dark and bleak and Jude Law as Captain Hook is questionable.” Another complained that Law’s Hook look was desperately “unsexy.” The casting decision triggered rage in others. “You got Jude Law? As Captain Hook? And you made him look like that? What was the reason?” one yelled. “Honestly, nothing about Jude Law as Hook is making me think ‘an evil guy who can lead a bunch of pirates.’ It’s giving me more ‘wet behind the ears,'” catted another keyboard critic. “The Holiday” actor dons a tattered red coat jacket and black hat and sports long ratty hair and a mustache for the film, a live-action reimagining of the J.M. Barrie novel and play and Disney’s 1953 animated classic. “In making ‘Peter Pan & Wendy,’ we set out to craft a film that honors both the original J.M. Barrie text and Walt Disney’s animated adaptation; we wanted to invigorate our retelling with emotional sincerity, an open heart, and a grand yearning for adventure,” said director David Lowery. It joins a lengthy list of treatments of the classic tale, from Stephen Spielberg’s infamous “Hook,” which received poor reviews and disappointing box office in 1991 despite a star-studded cast led by Dustin Hoffman, Julia Roberts and Robin Williams, to Benh Zeitlin’s “Wendy” in 2020. The new film also stars Alexander Molony as Peter Pan, Ever Anderson as Wendy Darling, and Yara Shahidi as Tinker Bell. “Hundreds of incredible artists spent many years bringing this film to the screen; I’m excited for audiences to see their work, to go on this ride, and to rediscover an evergreen tale from a new perspective,” Lowery said in a statement. 