Watch. Watch your watch, wallet, credit card, key, vehicle, receipt, checkbook. There’s more two-legged rats around than those rooming with the mayor. Street-level beauty salons. Ladies locked in under hair tints. Handbags on the floor. Thieves run in, swipe them, run out — all before gray roots turn blond. Car washes. A blue BMW with black tinted windows drove into Mamaroneck’s Diamond Car Wash on Halstead Avenue. A passenger in all black — gloves, mask, hood — jumped out and into a just washed BMW X5 so fast nobody knew it happened. Recovered that night in Queens, the car was returned to its owner. Law enforcement pros say syndicates employ “street people” to work late at night. To scour city sidewalks outside bars, restaurants, ATM machines. On the hunt for fallen ID cards, credit cards, bank checks, receipts, scraps of paper, memos that include information to utilize in producing fake credentials. These items sell to syndicates operating in locations that have machinery capabilities and can quickly manufacture fake IDs, ATM cards, checks, documents, which then work on banks, institutions, retail establishments, stores — online plus brick and mortar. Good idea to use Tiles, Apple AirTags or other tracking systems for your wallets, handbags, backpacks, briefcases, vehicles (especially with valet parking) or even your pets. And remember security cameras if the car parks in your driveway. Change passwords frequently for whatever are your monitoring devices. Assume cyber communications are vulnerable. Even Signal, a most reliable encrypted form of communication, was recently compromised. Happens to us all — De Niro, Rihanna, two Kardashians, Simon Cowell, Bella Hadid, A-Rod. Engaging with strangers — online, in-person or by phone — use common sense. Example: A text alert that your account’s been accessed without your authorization, do not respond to that text. Forget “middle men.” Contact your bank directly. If possible make an appointment, visit your financial institution in person, introduce yourself, mention concerns about identity theft and fraud, request ways that help you avoid vulnerability. In New York everybody runs. Either a jogger running to keep the figure or a pedestrian running to keep the wallet. Seven Wall Street guys doing ’70s songs are into some music-making group called Deep Donkey (no cracks about asses). They’ve tootled in the Hamptons. They just worked the Triad, which advertised them with: “If they’re bad, change their name to ‘Deep Doo-Doo.’” How about that for a great send-off? Everyday NYC real estate stories. People moving in, moving out, homeless, migrants, high rent, new appliances not arriving, unhappy landlords. So this cranky tenant: “My roof leaks, rain comes in and my floors are flooded. How long will this continue?” Landlord: “Why ask me? What am I, a weatherman?” Only in New York, kids, only in New York.