The Oscars botched their hit “In Memorium’’ segment by omitting late “Goodfellas’’ actor Paul Sorvino, his widow fumed Monday — adding someone should get whacked over the snub. “Who is the flunkie who put this list together?” Dee Dee Sorvino seethed on “The Joe Piscopo Show” the morning after the Academy Awards. “They can’t even give him one second?!” Dee Dee said of her talented beloved hubby, who starred in more than 200 movies during his iconic career before dying of natural causes in July at age 83. “Not even a freakin’ cannoli! What the heck?” she  ranted. “There is a Mafia hit that needs to go out on this situation,” Dee Dee said in jest. The Sorvinos married in 2014 and were happy “every single day of our lives together,” Dee Dee said shortly after his death. On Monday, she said, “I know it’s terrible the banks failed,” referring to the collapse of the Silicon Valley and Signature banks since Friday. “This is bigger,” she told Piscopo’s show. Paul’s daughter, Academy Award winning actress Mira Sorvino, also jumped into the conversation Monday, tweeting: “It is baffling beyond belief that my beloved father and many other amazing brilliant departed actors were left out. The Oscars forgot about Paul Sorvino, but the rest of us never will!! The late Sorvino wasn’t the only star whose omission from the Oscars sparked outrage: Leslie Jordan, Anne Heche, Tony Sirico, Tom Sizemore, and Charlbi Dean Kriek were also snubbed. “Absolutely f–king disgraceful to not include everyone in that In Memoriam, let alone a powerhouse of the industry like Paul Sorvino, or an actress in a Best Picture nominee tonight like Charlbi Dean Kriek,” one mad viewer said online. Dee Dee did commend the Oscars for including her husband’s “Goodfellas” co-star Ray Liotta in the memorial segment — “as they should” — but said Paul’s omission amounts to “total disrespect.” “People are furious because they love Big Paulie. … He’s a legend,” she said, noting that The Post immediately covered her husband’s exclusion. “The man needs to be paid respect. “What a clown show! Let’s get out a clown car!”