House Speaker Kevin McCarthy has acknowledged the sins of fellow Republican George Santos, but are Democrats going to say anything about the litany of severe ethical problems entangling their beloved media darlings in “The Squad”? Or is it of no interest because the media can’t make gay jokes about it? (New York magazine has gleefully labeled Santos “MAGA’s Newest ‘It’ Girl.”) The Office of Congressional Ethics on Thursday recommended that the Ethics Committee continue a probe into Democrat Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez for receiving “impermissible gifts” when she took part in the elite 2021 Met Gala glamour-fest, including that gaudy “Tax the Rich” dress she donned for her adoring fans in the press. The Office claimed that AOC also received fashion accessories, jewelry, and hair and makeup services without properly paying for any of it— right up until it started its investigation. But even then, invoices for the luxury wear and primping were discounted and AOC failed to pay on time, the Office’s report said. She’s got plenty of company in her party of scamming and schemers. Missouri Democrat Rep. Cori Bush, who wants to abolish police, paid $60,000 for private security to a man that she’s romantically involved with and who does not have the legally required license to perform that duty. That man is now her husband. It’s admittedly not the same as George Santos lying about being part of a prestigious collegiate volley ball team, but does House Democrat Leader Hakeem Jeffries feel any embarrassment about Bush? Just a little? Not least of them is Rep. Ilhan Omar, Minnesota Democrat and America’s most ungrateful refugee. She divorced the father of her three children after it was reported she was having an affair— with a man whose company she paid millions in campaign funds! Sure, Omar bilked innocent donors so she could enrich her to-be husband. But did you see that George Santos denied being a drag queen?! It’s not so much that it’s a group of Democrats who talk down to everyone else while they flout the rules and laws that would land anyone else in jail. That’s the norm for a party that believes they’re above the normies. But that the media excuse, encourage and enforce the de facto hierarchy. As of this writing the New York Times has written not a single word of AOC’s potential ethics violation. On Thursday, the paper ran a story in the A section headlined, “House Ethics Committee Opens an Inquiry Into Santos.” Both are representatives from New York. Interesting how that works. Eddie Scarry is the DC columnist for The Federalist.