We are just hours away from March Madness officially tipping off, but there is still plenty action to tune into today. Today is the day to build your bankroll and you can do so in Massachusetts with the Caesars Sportsbook promo code NPBONUS1BET unlocks up to $1,500 for all new user’s first bet with Caesars. If you’re not in Massachusetts, you can get the same offer but up to $1,250, with the Caesars Sportsbook promo code NPBONUSFULL. That means if your first wager with Caesars Sportsbook loses, you’ll get refunded whatever you lost in bonus bets. So if your first bet is $200 on the Duke -5 and it loses, you’ll get $200 back in bonus bets. You’ll then have to wager those and win those bets to turn them into cash. Let’s learn how to claim these offers and preview Team USA’s critical third matchup of the World Baseball Classic. Sports betting went live in Massachusetts on the 10th and residents can take advantage of this spectacular offer. Be sure to use the promo code NPBOUNUS1BET when signing up. Click the button above to get started, but then read below to ensure you fully understand the offer and see how you can maximize it. New Caesars Sportsbook bettors outside of Massachusetts can get up to $1,250 back if their first bet loses when they register with the promo code NPBONUSFULL. This is one of the best offers around, as it is $250 more than you would typically find at other online sportsbooks. How does this offer work? Make your first bet at Caesars, and if it loses, you’ll be refunded in bet credits up to $1,250. So if you put $500 on any spread of the teams we detail below at -110 odds, you’ll profit about $454 if it wins. You’ll then have $954 in your account; that’s real cash. If that first bet loses, you’ll bet $200 in bet credits back. You then must use the bet credits on any wager and turn them into cash. But you don’t keep the bet credit amount. So if you put $50 in credits on Golden State +2.5 and it wins, you’ll take the profit of about $45. Coming into the World Baseball Classic, expectations were high for team USA. After all, they were the defending champions and boasted the best lineup we have ever seen from an American club. However, team Mexico threw a big wrench in their plans to repeat last night as they clobbered team USA 11-5. Since this is a round-robin format, team USA has an immediate opportunity to get back on track. They will face Team Canada tonight, who are coming off a massive victory over Great Britain. Although the Canadian team did allow eight runs yesterday, and their staff is pretty depleted. The Americans need to get the bats going if they want to get out of pool play. Look for them to respond in a big way tonight. Pick: USA -3.5 (-120) New and existing players. 21+. Available in AZ, CO, IA, IL, IN, KS, LA, MI, NJ, NY, TN, VA, WV only. Full T&C apply.. If you’re looking to pad your bankroll, look no further than Caesars Sportsbook. Caesars offers loads of daily profit boosts. They come in all shapes and sizes, as they could be increasing the odds on straight bets, or boosting same-game parlays, or even giving you extra value with a three-team parlay on the day’s biggest favorites. However you like to bet, Caesars has you covered. So be sure to check out all the boosts they have to offer. If you or a loved one is experiencing problems with gambling, call (800)-327-5050 for 24/7 support. Terms and conditions at bet.WynnBET.com. Must be 21 or older to participate. Get set before you bet – talk to GameSense first! LiveChat @ GameSenseMA.com or call 1-800-GAM-1234.