Former NBA star Andrew Bogut has sparked a wave of criticism against Football Australia — the nation’s governing body for soccer — after coming out on the attack over a question on his son’s soccer registration. Bogut took to Twitter to air his disappointment in the national sporting body for having gender inclusive options in a drop-down box on his 6-year-old son’s soccer regulation form. The list included options for male, female, non-binary or gender fluid players to select, and a fourth for those whose “gender identity not sufficiently represented.” Bogut shared a picture of the list to his followers, directly calling out Football Australia. “Signing our 6 YEAR OLD! Once again, 6 YEAR OLD! up for soccer,” he wrote. “Cmon @FootballAus.” Bogut, the No. 1 NBA Draft pick in 2005, spent 13 seasons in the NBA playing for the Bucks, Warriors, Mavericks, Cavaliers and Lakers. His tweet split the internet, with plenty agreeing with his message and plenty poking fun at the 2015 NBA champion for raging against what they considered to be a minor detail. “Did the drop down menu trigger you, Andrew? Are you triggered???” one user wrote. “Would a solution for Andrew be to just be slightly less triggered,” another replied. Many noted the option was probably there for the whole club, not for junior players. Others agreed with the athlete’s outrage. “Sheesh @FootballAUS should be ashamed,” reality TV personality Adam Kuhn wrote. Australian journalist Lilly Vitorovich said it was “ridiculous and heartbreaking to think it’s an option at (six)!” Many didn’t understand the outrage over such a minor detail, saying Bogut should have just ticked the box that applied to his son and move on. “That’s a standard form mate,” ABC journalist Matt Bevan wrote. “Are you suggesting they adjust it just so the parents of (six year olds) don’t freak out at having to check a box?” “Wouldn’t it just be easier to just answer the question and move on? Why do we choose to pain ourselves over these small things,” another user replied. Football Australia said it was proud of the diversity of its sport, and the registration form reflects that. “Football Australia is proud that our game is the most diverse and inclusive sport in Australia, where our sport and communities offer a safe and welcoming environment for all participants irrespective of age, race, gender, sexual orientation, cultural background, or ability,” a spokesperson said in a statement. “Football Australia’s registration platform reflects our game’s diversity and inclusiveness, where it asks a series of set questions, with a drop-down feature, where participants can select options that best align with the way in which they identify.” Football Australia is among the founding members of the Pride in Sport program, the country’s first and only sporting inclusion program, specifically designed to support sporting organizations toward greater inclusion of LGBTQI+ players, volunteers, officials, and spectators. Pride in Sport declined news.com.au’s request to comment on Bogut’s tweet. In 2020 Football Australia was one of 13 National Sporting Organizations that pledged to develop trans and gender diverse inclusion frameworks for heir sport. At the time, Pride in Sport National Program Manager, Beau Newell, said the commitment demonstrated a “fundamental shift within Australian sport towards the greater inclusion of trans and gender diverse athletes.” “The demand for more inclusive sporting cultures makes clear that Australian society increasingly expects that sport should be for everyone, including trans and gender diverse people,” he said in a statement. Football Australia chief executive James Johnson said with the announcement the body was committed to “introduce measures to promote inclusion and make football accessible to all”. “We look forward to working with Pride in Sport to formalise frameworks and guidelines that promote inclusion for trans and gender diverse people within our game – be they at the grassroots or professional level, in administrative roles, or any other capacity,” he said. “Football is the world game and it is our mission to make football inclusive for all.”