A restaurant’s job posting seeking a new server is going viral for its long and very, very specific menu of requirements. “This is the most insane ad for a server at a restaurant that I’ve ever seen and it just made my day,” TikTok user Abbey begins the video. She then goes on to explain how the posting starts out “normal,” describing the place as a “fun, fast-paced unique bar restaurant” looking for someone who will be “sober on the job” and “calm in a fast-paced environment.” But the Craigslist ad quickly turns into a rant-like listing of odd and very specific reasons that a person should not apply. “Please do not apply if you have no sense of humor or can’t handle skillful sarcasm, have no alarm clock, oversleep, have a cellphone battery that dies constantly preventing you from contacting us,” the long list begins. The unnamed restaurant also wants to avoid people who “have to give friends rides to work later than we start work, call out sick with an excuse because you partied too hard the night before your shift, experience flat tires every week and suddenly become deathly ill on Coachella and Splash House weekends.” The ad strictly warns “you will not last if you want to score social points with a cute patron by giving away food and beverage on our dime with our inventory.” It continues to get more niche, as the job posting advises people to “not apply if you need nights off because your grandma poisoned you with her ham again or your band has a gig and you need weekends off because your favorite roller derby team made it to the finals.” The hiring manager goes on to list more unacceptable reasons to call out, including claiming that “it’s ski season, you accidentally got on a plane to Vegas, you haven’t surfed in a while” or “you have a headache after going to too many garage sales.” Applicants cannot not skip a shift just because “you woke up in a good mood and didn’t want to ruin it, you’ve been at the casino all night and still have money to play with, you ordered takeout that is late and you have to be home to accept/pay for it, you’ve locked yourself in the house by mistake and there are no windows to crawl out of or if you want to work a few weeks before you go on your ‘European vacation.'” Along with the comprehensive list of inadmissible excuses, the posting also begs that people “please steer clear if you suffer from ‘trauma-drama’ syndrome, big egos, grumpy introverts, reactive and bad attitudes and individuals unable to accept the fact that you get paid to work.” Abbey’s reading of the comical Craigslist ad has earned more than 2,000 views and hundreds of comments from people with mixed reactions. “Unhinged,” Idiot_chickens commented on the video. “Who hurt these people,” themidwest11 quipped. “Hire me … I have so many tier 5 excuses,” mskita42 joked. But most of the commenters seemed to empathize with the person who wrote the post. “It sounds like that employer has heard every single one of those excuses and has a bit of trauma,” BrandyOLand commented. “I have to give it to the guy. He cuts to the chase,” JILLIAN VAN SICE/Inventor noted. “I hear this crap everyday. Sounds unrealistic but is the reality,” Sacred Healing Spa admitted. The US economy added a large number of jobs in February, but economists still wants to see 100,000 jobs per month to keep up with growth in the working-age population. However, this job posting isn’t the first indication that some people have some pretty “unhinged” reasons why can’t or don’t want to work. A young social media influencer went viral when she claimed she is simply “too pretty to work,” while many others are leaving more traditional jobs to make money on OnlyFans.