The Jacksonville Jaguars got an “F” from the NFL Players Association following a survey of more than 1,000 players on everything from the team’s facility to how it treats families. The biggest complaint: Rats. According to the NFLPA, Jaguars players complained about rats running rampant in their stadium for part of the season. “When asked what the number one thing they want changed at their facility, the answer was unanimous – get rid of the rats!,” the Jaguars’ NFLPA report card overview stated. “Players reported that for 3-4 weeks this season, there was a rat infestation in the locker room and laundry hampers.” This resulted in the NFLPA giving the franchise a  “D-minus” locker room grade, tied for 28th in the NFL. Every team was ranked based on eight main categories: Treatment of families, food service and nutrition, weight room, strength coaches, training room, training staff, locker room, and team travel. The Jags’ overall ranking was 28 out of 32 teams, with poor grades in treatment of families, nutrition, and facilities categories. Aside from the rat catastrophe, another glaring issue players were vocal about was the treatment of their families; most notably the wives. “For example, because they do not offer a family room like most NFL teams do in their stadium, we heard of instances where players’ wives nursed their babies on the floor of a public restroom,” the report stated. Despite these concerns, the team still believes that ownership will make a significant effort to fix these problems. “It is important to note that they are in the process of building a new practice facility, so there is hope that some of these issues will be resolved soon,” the report said. “The locker room seems to still have faith in owner Shad Kahn, as 95% of players have confidence that he is willing to invest to make the necessary changes.” Jacksonville isn’t the only organization, however, that needs some revamping. The Bengals don’t provide dinner, vitamins, or supplements to their players, according to their report, while the Cardinals charge their players to eat. The Commanders, who ranked dead last in the league, have a lack of warm water and an understaffed training room among their problems.