PORT ST. LUCIE — Francisco Alvarez, who made his first appearance behind the plate on Friday after he had surgery in the offseason to repair cartilage in his right ankle, reported no issues. “I felt good, I felt healthy,” Alvarez said through an interpreter following the Mets’ 11-6 loss to the Nationals at Clover Park. The 21-year-old said he was eager to catch after suffering the injury late last season. “When I was in the cage [before the game] I couldn’t even concentrate,” said Alvarez, the Mets’ top prospect. Alvarez entered the game prior to the top of the seventh and caught Elieser Hernandez, John Curtiss and William Woods. Manager Buck Showalter said he liked what he saw from the young backstop. “He was impressive for his first time out,” Showalter said. “He caught some pitches high with the target elevated on some fastballs. He was engaged and excited about being out there.” Though Alvarez hadn’t caught in a game in this spring training until Friday, he said he has worked with the Mets’ two veteran catchers, Omar Narvaez and Tomas Nido. “They are two of the best when it comes to framing,” Alvarez said. “We’re working on small details like making sure we’re not moving our head or body and making sure our hands are what’s doing the job for us.” Brett Baty remains a new face to many in the Mets’ organization, but not to Edgardo Alfonzo. The former Mets infielder, who is working with some players at camp this week, managed Baty briefly at Single-A Brooklyn after the third baseman was drafted in 2019. “When I first saw him in Brooklyn, I liked his approach at the plate,” Alfonzo said Friday. “Now, he’s in baseball shape and seems like a major league guy.” Baty made his MLB debut last season and is getting time this spring, along with another top prospect Alfonzo worked with earlier in his career, Mark Vientos. “He was so young when I had him in extended spring training,’’ Alfonzo said of Vientos, who has gotten work at third and first base after initially playing shortstop. “I knew as a tall guy, he’d be moved to third base.” Alfonzo, who would like to get back into managing with an affiliated team, said he didn’t try to alter much about either prospect’s approach. “You don’t touch guys like that,” Alfonzo said. “You let them play and see how they develop.” Alfonzo has been joined by Darryl Strawberry in camp. Strawberry has expressed interest to Showalter in spending time at minor league camp to spend time with younger players. “The organization kind of reminds me of when I played and our minor league system was stacked,” Strawberry said. “You can see the young talent on the rise and it’s good you don’t have to rush them. Back in the day, when me and [Dwight Gooden] came up, there was a big rush for [success]. Now they’re in a good position that when they come to New York, they’re ready to play and meet expectations.” Adam Ottavino and Edwin Diaz each pitched an inning on Friday. Although Diaz allowed a run, Showalter said both right-handers are in good form. “Edwin was good,” Showalter said. “[Ottavino] is getting ready, you can tell, for the bell to ring shortly.”