Law enforcement is now among the entities investigating Ja Morant. On Monday, a spokesperson for the Glendale Police Department in Colorado told TMZ Sports they are looking into the Grizzlies star after he filmed himself handling a gun in what appeared to be a strip club over the weekend. The police confirmed the incident took place at “a bar in Glendale.” The spokesperson gave no further details. Shortly after the video was released following the loss against the Denver Nuggets, the Grizzlies posed a minimum two-game suspension on Morant though there is  “no definitive timeline” for Morant’s return, per head coach Taylor Jenkins. “We’re taking it one day at a time,” Jenkins told reporters before his team faced the Clippers. “There’s no definitive timeline… It’s really not a timetable situation.” “Very tough moment,” he added. It was the latest in an increasingly shocking string of incidents for the 23-year-old. The Washington Post shared two police reports from the summer of 2022 in which Morant purportedly threatened a mall security guard in a parking lot altercation, and then four day later, was involved in an altercation with a teen, reportedly flashing a gun at him after a pick-up game. Morant has been sued for run-in with the teen, in which the All-Star guard claims he was  acting in self-defense. He was also involved in a January incident in which some members of the Indiana Pacers traveling party claim Morant’s entourage pointed a laser at them, potentially attached to a gun. Morant took “full responsibility” for his actions and issued an apology statement after his suspension was announced. “I’m sorry to my family, teammates, coaches, fans, partners, the city of Memphis and the entire organization for letting you down,” the statement read. “I’m going to take some time away to get help and work on learning better methods of dealing with stress and my overall well-being.” Jenkins and the Grizzlies have said their support of Morant throughout the process, along with Nike, who is partnered with the NBA star and produced his first signature shoe, the Ja 1, in February. “We love him. We want what’s best for him,” Jenkins said. “We support him. It’s going to be a difficult process but we’ve got a great group to get through this.”