The K-Pop takeover continues. After tour announcements from BTS’ Suga, Stray Kids and TXT, the next major act to land stateside is NCT Dream. Their upcoming seven-concert ‘The Dream Show 2: In a Dream World Tour’ will hit North American arenas from April 5-21. And New York and New Jersey-based fans, you’re in luck. That quick run of shows includes a gig at Newark, NJ’s Prudential Center on April 5 to kick off the short run of shows. For NCTzens that can’t wait to get see Jaemin, Jisung, Renjun, Jeno, Haechan, Chenle and Mark Lee, we come bearing even more good news. Although inventory isn’t available on Ticketmaster until Friday, March 10, fans who want to ensure they have tickets ahead of time can purchase on sites like Vivid Seats before tickets are officially on sale. Vivid Seats is a secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand. They have a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and will be delivered before the event. A complete calendar including all tour dates, venues and links to buy tickets can be found below. Want to brush up on your NCT Dream knowledge? We’re here to help — here’s the role each member of the group plays as part of their live stage show. Jaemin – lead dancer Jisung – main dancer Renjun – main vocals Jeno – lead dancer Haechan – main vocals Chenle – main vocals Mark Lee – main rapper This year, NCT Dream dropped their first-ever Japanese single “Best Friend Ever.” Prior to that, the group released the six-song “Candy,” which they’ve dubbed a Winter Special Mini Album. You can hear “Candy’s” brand of energetic pop and emotional ballads here. Still, for our money, the best NCT Dream track is undoubtedly the hip-hop anthem “Hot Sauce.” There may be a K-Pop concert coming to a city near you. Here are just five of the biggest acts that may be headed your way in the next few months. • Suga • Tomorrow X Together • Stray Kids • Twice • Epik High Want to see who else is on the road? Check out our list of the 52 biggest concert tours in 2023 here.