MLB concluded its investigation into the domestic violence claims against Mike Clevinger on Sunday and will not be suspending the White Sox pitcher, per The Athletic. In January, Olivia Finestead, the mother of Clevinger’s one-year-old daughter, accused him of domestic violence and child abuse in various Instagram stories she posted. Finestead accused Clevinger of throwing an iPad at her while she was pregnant and strangling her. She included photos of alleged injuries, and other incidences that she alleged happened last year when Clevinger was with the Padres. MLB ran its investigation since then and provided a statement with its findings on Sunday. “The Office of the Commissioner of Baseball has completed its investigation into allegations against Chicago White Sox pitcher Mike Clevinger. “The comprehensive investigation included interviews of more than 15 individuals, in addition to Mr. Clevinger and the complainant, as well as a review of available documents, such as thousands of electronic communication records. “The Office of the Commissioners has closed this investigation and, barring the receipt of any new information or evidence, the Office of the Commissioner will not be imposing discipline on Mr. Clevinger in connection with these allegations. “As part of his path forward, Mr. Clevinger has voluntarily agreed to submit to evaluations by the joint treatment boards under the collectively bargained policies, and to comply with any of the boards’ recommendations. “MLB will continue to make support services available to Mr. Clevinger, his family, and other individuals involved in the investigation.” Both the White Sox and Clevinger released their own statements as well. “The Chicago White Sox respect that the joint policies of MLB and the MLBPA govern this matter,” the White Sox’s statement read. “We accept the conclusion of the thorough, months-long investigation conducted by the Commissioner’s Office with respect to Mike Clevinger. Per the terms of the joint policy, the White Sox will not comment further on this matter.”  “I am pleased that Major League Baseball has concluded its investigation,” Clevinger wrote. “I had nothing to hide and cooperated fully with MLB. This situation has been stressful for my family, and I thank them for their strength and support. “I asked everyone not to rush to judgment until MLB’s investigation was concluded, and I appreciate everyone who had faith in me, including the White Sox organization and my teammates. I am looking forward to the 2023 season and helping the White Sox win a championship this year.” Finestead, 24, took to her Instagram quickly following the announcement to address the news. She then posted a compilation of Instagram direct messages and text messages from other women who claimed Clevinger acted similarly with them. She also said she is pleased that Clevinger has agreed to go to therapy. “Even with 2 other police reports prior to me & multiple women saying the same thing I have physical verbal & emotional & child abuse he did unfortunately there’s not a video of any of it but Mike putting himself in drug, domestic & family violence therapy has been my goal since the beginning and he refused to go when I tried to be there for him so I’m glad he’s going now,” she wrote. Clevinger, 32, has been in the league since 2016 after being drafted by the Angels in the fourth round of the 2011 MLB Amateur Draft out of Seminole State College of Florida. He signed a one-year, $12 million contract with Chicago and is set to be on the mound for a seventh season after spending five and half seasons with Cleveland, and one and a half with the Padres.