Several heavyweights in the technology sector recently gathered in Las Vegas for the Consumer Electronics Show (CES), which provided a peek at the future of products in various markets. When it comes to audio advancements, a powerful portable speaker was among items featured and it’s currently available at a discounted price. The Kapsule 360° Speaker normally sells for $199, but during our Tech Innovations Seen at CES campaign, you can grab it for only $128.99. Through March 5, you can score savings on a device that is primed to deliver high-quality sound in any room. Kapsule supplies true 360-degree audio via four precision acoustic stereo driver, providing an immersive listening experience whether you’re looking to relax, pump yourself up, or are throwing the ultimate party. Compatible with phones, tablets and several other Bluetooth-equipped devices, this wireless speaker simplifies the process of transforming your environment. This powerful speaker is designed to produce dynamic sounds that offer deep bass and genuine detail that music lovers will appreciate. And if you’re looking to take that audio experience to another level, it can be paired with another Kapsule speaker to create an even more mesmerizing listening atmosphere. Plus, a powerful 2,000mAh lithium-ion battery presents the option of portability. Kapsule can offer up to 20 hours of operation on a single charge and weighs less than five pounds, so users can confidently bring this speaker with them while on the move. And since it stands less than eight inches tall and less than six inches wide, this 360-degree speaker won’t occupy much space in areas where you don’t have a lot to sacrifice. Its light grey color will also blend in well with a variety of surroundings, and it can even be a chic (and highly practical) piece of decor for any room. One user wrote of this speaker, “Incredible sound! Love that it’s easy to use and makes me feel like I have a concert going on in my kitchen. 360 audio has changed my life.” If you want to enhance your audio approach at home or on the road, seize this opportunity to purchase the Kapsule 360° Speaker for only $128.99 (reg. $199). This sale ends March 5 at 11:59pm Pacific. Prices subject to change.