It’s almost time to say “Goodbye” to the woman who brought the world “Hello.” Adele has just six concerts remaining as part of her ‘Weekends With Adele’ Las Vegas residency at Caesars Palace. And, as you may have guessed, ticket prices are fairly expensive. In fact, your wallet better be “Rolling In The Deep” if you want to see the 16-time Grammy winner live. At the time of publication, the lowest price we found was $1400 before fees on Vivid Seats. Yes, that really is the cheapest ticket available. The most expensive seat we is quite a bit pricier too — think five digits. Want to go to one of the last few shows? We’ve got everything you need to know below. All prices listed above are subject to fluctuation. A complete calendar including all Caesars Palace dates, show start times and links to the cheapest tickets available can be found below. (Note: The New York Post confirmed all above prices at the publication time. All prices are subject to fluctuation and include additional fees at checkout.) Vivid Seats is a verified secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand. They offer a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and your tickets will be delivered prior to the event. Since you’re shelling out the big bucks to see Adele live, we figure you might as well know what’s in store at the concert you go to. Courtesy of Set List FM, here’s what you should expect to see should you attend an upcoming show based on recent gigs: 01.) “Hello”02.) “Easy on Me”03.) “Turning Tables”04.) “Take It All”05.) “I Drink Wine” 06.) “Water Under the Bridge”07.) “Send My Love (to Your New Lover)”08.) “Oh My God”09.) “One and Only”10.) “Don’t You Remember”11.) “Rumour Has It”12.) “Skyfall”13.) “Hometown Glory”14.) “Love in the Dark”15.) “Set Fire to the Rain”16.) “When We Were Young”17.) “Hold On”18.) “Someone Like You”19.) “Rolling in the Deep”20.) “Love Is a Game” Anything can happen at an Adele show. Case in point, at a recent concert, the 34-year-old singer singled out a recently married couple and signed bride’s wedding dress. A short video of the surreal live experience can be seen below. Fans began speculating that Adele and her boyfriend Rich Paul took the next step in their relationship after seeing the singer wearing a diamond ring on her wedding finger at a concert. At the time of publication, nothing has been confirmed. Adele may have the most expensive tickets on the market but many popular artists are also on the road this year — and for much cheaper. Here are just five of our favorite acts you won’t want to miss live these next few months. • Taylor Swift • Beyoncé • Janet Jackson • Pink • Lizzo Want to see who else is out there? Check out our list of the 52 biggest concert tours in 2023 here.