Paul Sorvino and Anne Heche were just two of the big names missing from the Oscars In Memoriam montage on Sunday night. The segment, which was introduced by a teary-eyed John Travolta who lost his “Grease” co-star Olivia Newton-John and longtime friend and co-star Kirstie Alley, included a performance of “Calling All Angels” by Lenny Kravitz. Fans took to social media to slam the snubs, with others noting that Leslie Jordan, Tony Sirico and Tom Sizemore were also noticeably absent in the televised tribute. Following the end of the segment, the Academy directed viewers to its website for a longer list, but fans were still angry about omissions. South African actress Charlbi Dean Kriek— who passed away suddenly last year at the age of 32 —  also didn’t appear, despite a starring role in the Oscar-nominated film “Triangle of Sadness.” “Absolutely f–king disgraceful to not include everyone in that In Memoriam, let alone a powerhouse of the industry like Paul Sorvino, or an actress in a Best Picture nominee tonight like Charlbi Dean Kriek,” one incredulous viewer raged. Sorvino appeared in some of Hollywood’s most iconic films, including “Goodfellas,” “Reds” and “Romeo + Juliet,” making the Oscars’ obvious overlook all the more notable. Many Oscar lovers were similarly left fuming over Heche’s shock snub. The talented actress — who died following a fiery car crash last August — starred in a slew of acclaimed films including “Wag The Dog” and “Donne Brasco.” “Very, very surprised Anne Heche wasn’t in the televised In Memoriam,” one fan remarked. “Anne Heche died and I gotta ask; did Hollywood care? I feel like no one really talked about it,” another disgruntled viewer declared. Meanwhile, another star who died following a car crash in Los Angeles last year was also snubbed. Fans clocked that Leslie Jordan, who appeared in the 2011 smash “The Help,” was also conspicuously absent from the TV tribute. Jordan, however, was best known for his roles on the small screen, including in hit sitcoms “Will & Grace” and “Call Me Kat,” which may have explained the oversight. Tony Sirico — who passed away last July at the age of 79 — was also missing from the In Memoriam. Like Sorvino, the New York-born star also appeared in “Goodfellas.” However, like Jordan, he was best known for his small-screen TV roles (including his star turn as Paulie on “The Sopranos”) which was the likely reason for his absence. Tom Sizemore was also missing from the In Memoriam, although it’s possible the segment was put together before “The Saving Private Ryan” star’s death. The actor died on Mar. 3 after suffering a stroke on Feb 18. that led to a fatal brain aneurysm. Meanwhile, another notable name was also missing from the In Memoriam — and probably not due to the fact he died just last week. “If you think Robert Blake should be part of the In Memoriam montage, text ‘GIMME-A-Blake’ to the number on your screen,” Oscars host Jimmy Kimmel quipped prior to the segment. The comic was referencing “In Cold Blood” stat Robert Blake, who died last Thursday at the age of 89. The controversial actor was best known, however, for his life off-screen. He was arrested — and later acquitted — over the 2001 shooting death of his second wife.