“Daisy Jones & the Six” — and a little bit of Elvis. Riley Keough brought the King of Rock ‘n’ Roll into the world of her fictional 1970s band. Keough, 33, stars as Daisy Jones in the new Amazon series “Daisy Jones & the Six” and fans were quick to notice that she wears a patterned red guitar strap in one scene that strongly resembles the one her grandfather Elvis Presley in his “’68 Comeback Special” on NBC. The scene in the second episode shows Keough performing a song called “Two Against Three” at the Troubadour in Los Angeles after she musters up the courage to perform in front of a crowd, which is when the guitar strap is spotted. Reps for the show confirmed to People that while the guitar strap is not the exact same one Keough’s grandfather wore, it is indeed a replica called the New Yorker/the Woodstock model made by the Ace Strap company. “The little easter egg of Elvis Presley’s guitar strap being used by daisy jones, aka Riley Keough, aka his granddaughter, that has really sent me over the edge with the attention to detail in daisy jones and the six,” Buzzfeed’s senior TV editor Nora Dominick spotted. “I spent all three episodes trying to find an Elvis easter egg! Glad someone tweeted it!” someone wrote. Some people even admitted that this moment was how they found out about Keough’s rock ‘n roll lineage. “This is literally how I learned that she’s Elvis’ granddaughter. holy s–t,” someone exclaimed. But Keough’s familial line to Elvis “never even occurred” to the show’s creators when casting her. “She had her representatives call us and say, ‘Riley read this book, and she thinks she was born to play this part.’ It never even occurred to us,” series co-creator Scott Neustadter (“The Fault in Our Stars”) told The Post last month, referring to the popular novel of the same name on which the show is based. “And we said, ‘Okay, that’s cool.’ We talked to her, and after half an hour, we were like, ‘Yes, she was [born to play the part]!’ But even with her [family] background, she said to us, ‘I have to be upfront with you and tell you, I’ve never sung before. I sing in the shower sometimes. I don’t think it’s any good.’ So, that was a wild card for us.” Keough has appeared in other works such as “Max Max: Fury Road” and “Zola,” but “Daisy Jones & the Six” marks the first time she’s shown off her singing. “Daisy Jones & the Six,” written by Taylor Jenkins Reid, follows the rise and fall of a band inspired by Fleetwood Mac through the scenes of sex, drugs and rock ‘n’ roll in Los Angeles in the ’70s. Frontman Billy Dunne (Sam Claflin, “The Hunger Games”) and his band rise to the top and join forces with the talented but troubled singer/songwriter Daisy Jones. The show also stars Camila Morrone as Camila Dunne and Suki Waterhouse as Karen Sirko. Both Keough and Claflin belt out songs on-screen as the show follows the band recording the (fictional) hit album of the decade and going on tour. But the fictional band put out the fictional album in real life — and Daisy Jones & the Six became the first fictional band to top the iTunes charts with the release of its first album, “Aurora.” “Aurora” topped the iTunes charts when it was released on March 2 — a day before the series premiered the first three episodes. The first three episodes of the limited series are currently streaming on Amazon Prime, with episodes dropping every Friday over the span of four weeks.