JUPITER, Fla. — While the Mets hold their breath over the status of Jose Quintana, who experienced tightness in his left side after his start against the Cardinals on Sunday, they avoided a scare with David Peterson, who was diagnosed with just a left foot contusion after taking a comebacker in his appearance on Saturday. After undergoing an X-ray that was “inconclusive,” according to Buck Showalter, the left-hander had a CT scan that showed the contusion and he is day-to-day. Peterson is in line to serve as starting rotation depth, depth that could be tested if Quintana is forced to miss time with his discomfort. He’ll no doubt be needed at some point this season with a rotation that is led by veterans Justin Verlander and Max Scherzer, as well as 35-year-old Carlos Carrasco. The 27-year-old Peterson, the team’s first-round pick out of the University of Oregon in 2017, was mostly effective when he had the opportunity to pitch for the Mets last season. Abraham Almonte doubled on Sunday and is 7-for-13 with a pair of doubles so far this spring. The 33-year-old has “been as advertised,’’ according to Showalter. “He’s a professional hitter,’’ said Showalter, who added Almonte has also been solid in the outfield. Almonte had a .730 OPS in 175 plate appearances for Atlanta in 2021 before spending most of last season in the minors. The switch-hitting non-roster invitee has played all three outfield positions over his major league career, which has spanned parts of 10 seasons. Expect to see more of prospects like Brett Baty, Franciso Alvarez and Ronny Mauricio with so many veteran players leaving the Mets for the WBC. “The silver lining of the WBC is it gives them an opportunity to show what they can do, especially as opposing pitchers get deeper into their arsenals,’’ general manager Billy Eppler said. Showalter again expressed some worry about how the new rules might impact the game, this time in regards to safety. “How do you define when the hitter is ready?” Showalter said of the pre-pitch setup. “Your eyes have got to have time to focus … I know the umpires are real concerned about it — for their safety.” Asked if a lack of readiness may lead to a hitter or umpire getting hit, Showalter acknowledged “the concern from a safety standpoint.” Tim Locastro showed his value with his fourth stolen base of the spring on Sunday. The outfielder swiped eight bases in just 38 games with the Yankees last season. Carlos Carrasco is scheduled to make his second start of the spring when the Mets play again on Tuesday against the Braves in West Palm Beach, Fla. Carrasco was open about his difficulty in adjusting to the pitch clock after his first appearance of the spring and acknowledged he was still not completely clear on the new rules. Carrasco, like most of the Mets’ other pitchers, expected to use the pitch clock during his bullpen session between starts in an effort to quicken his adjustment. The Mets bullpen was solid with Brooks Raley, Drew Smith, Tommy Hunter, Sam Coonrod, Bryce Montes de Oca and minor league lefty Nathan Lavender all tossing scoreless innings.