She’s the former first lady’s biggest fan. One mother went viral on TikTok last month after she documented her child’s growing obsession with former first lady Eleanor Roosevelt when she dressed up as her for a school project on Presidents Day. The TikTok — which was posted mid-February — has since gained more than 4.3 million views. “My 5-year-old was Eleanor Roosevelt for the Presidents Day thing at school and ever since she put on that costume, she has not taken it off,” stated Liz Hewett. “She wants an Eleanor Roosevelt birthday party. She’s asked for a stuffed Eleanor Roosevelt to sleep with at night. She has asked that I refer to her as ‘your ladyship’ from now on.” According to the bewildered mother, 5-year-old Essie was pointed in Roosevelt’s direction by her teacher who told her that her first choice, Coretta Scott King, was neither a president nor a first lady. “She was talking about Eleanor Roosevelt a lot. We were watching ‘Xavier Riddle and the Secret Museum’ on PBS, and it’s a really great show because it makes real historical people the heroes of the shot,” Hewett told People. “There’s one with Eleanor Roosevelt, and so we had to watch that one over and over.” According to her mom, things really took off when an English nanny costume arrived in the mail. The costume was the closest wardrobe they could find to resemble Eleanor Roosevelt’s garb. “I told her, ‘I don’t think Eleanor Roosevelt wore glasses’ and she said, ‘Well, I feel that she did,'” laughed Hewett. “And then, she put the costume on and went straight into character and that was the end of that, I could not get it off of her.” Hewett said that her daughter’s teacher now refers to her as “Essie Roosevelt.” “I think she just thought she was already famous because that’s her personality,” joked Hewett. “She’s very unique, definitely her own person. I really hope she never loses that. “That silliness but also, she’s so creative and you worry about your kids, you don’t want them to be bullied or anything because it’s not super normal to be really invested in Eleanor Roosevelt and having an Eleanor Roosevelt birthday party. But who knows? It could be cool,” continued Hewett. Several of Essie’s fans celebrated the child’s love for the first lady and have her several gifts including a postcard written by Roosevelt as well as the 1939 “Life” cover which featured the pioneer. Hewett said that her daughter’s passion for history has reignited her own love for the subject. “I’m such a history person. I started reading so much about Eleanor Roosevelt, and I knew she was great, but I didn’t know how amazing,” said Hewett. “So I hope this sparks in other people the desire to look up that kind of stuff.” Hewett posted several follow-up videos that showed the tiny first lady getting ready for her speech, including one of the 5-year-old singing “God Bless America” dressed as Roosevelt. TikTok users went wild for Essie’s enthusiasm. “Your child is an icon,” said one user. “I’m wheezing at the photo,” said another. “My daughter has been in a Ruth Bader Ginsburg phase for THREE YEARS,” a third person chimed in.