Kim Basinger looked almost unrecognizable while attending her daughter Ireland Baldwin’s strip club-themed baby shower on Monday. The 69-year-old former “Bond girl” wore minimal makeup as she walked hand-in-hand with her boyfriend, hairstylist Mitch Stone, out of the bash at Jumbo’s Clown Room in Hollywood. The radiant, nearly wrinkle-free Basinger sported a dark gray suit with a black button-up underneath to match her black dress shoes. The Post has reached out to reps for Basinger for comment. Baldwin, 27, is expecting her first child with her boyfriend musician RAC, 37, whose real name is André Allen Anjos. Her dad and Basinger’s ex-husband, Alec Baldwin, did not attend the bridal shower. The actress, model, Playboy siren and beauty icon rose to fame in the 1980s, starting with her role as a Bond Girl opposite Sean Connery in the 1983 James Bond film “Never Say Never.” She’s also well known for her role in the erotic drama “9½ Weeks,” as well as her Oscar-winning performance in “LA Confidential.” Basinger, who turned into a recluse due to her agoraphobia, has been subjected to rumors of having undergone plastic surgery. However, she has never confirmed going under the knife — and Ireland previously claimed that her mom is all-natural. “You are the most naturally beautiful woman there ever was and will be,” Baldwin reportedly captioned a since-deleted young picture of Basinger on Instagram in 2012. “Your skin care, workouts and advice on eating healthy inspire me to do the same. “Ladies, if you want to avoid Botox and any other skin treatments, listen to my mom,” she added. “She hasn’t had one treatment done because she’s stay [sic] completely out of the sun all these years!” In 2006, the UK’s Evening Standard suggested that Basinger, then 52, had a forehead that looked “impossibly smooth while her naturally ‘bee stung’ lips seemed even fuller than usual” during a press conference for “The Mermaid Chair.” She also was rumored to be the woman photographed under a blanket while leaving a plastic surgeon’s office in Beverly Hills in 2011. Radar Online apparently claimed that the then-57-year-old Basinger looked “almost unrecognizable” going into the building, though it was never confirmed that she was the one hiding from paparazzi. Basinger and Alec met on the set of their 1991 romantic comedy “The Marrying Man.” They wed in 1993, had Ireland two years later, and divorced in 2002. The embattled “Rust” actor and Ireland have had a rollercoaster relationship, as he infamously left her a heated voicemail in April 2007, telling her that she was a “rude, thoughtless little pig” after she didn’t pick up the phone for a court-ordered conversation in the midst of a custody battle. But their father-daughter bond has grown stronger since then — and they even joked about his voicemail in a TikTok clip last year. Alec shares seven additional children under the age of 10 with his current wife, Hilaria Baldwin, 39.