We’ve got the “Lowdown” scoop of the year for you. Classic rock legend Boz Scaggs just announced he’s returning to the stage for his 18-concert ‘Summer 23 Tour’ which will take him all over the U.S. from May 11 through June 10 this year. That includes gigs at Albany, NY’s The Egg on May 14, Rochester, NY’s Kodak Center on May 23 and Red Bank, NJ’s Hackensack Meridian Health Theatre on May 27. While fans can likely expect a walk down memory lane when the 78-year-old Scaggs busts out the hits from his seminal 1976 album “Silk Degrees,” don’t be surprised if he also introduces tracks from his soulful 2013 record “Georgia” or 2019’s Grammy-nominated “Out Of The Blues.” Want to see if the “Lido Shuffle” crooner is coming to a venue near you? Keep reading — we’ve got everything you need to know about the tour and more. A complete calendar including all upcoming 18 tour dates, venues and links to buy tickets can be found below. Scaggs has been playing live since the late 1960s. Still, he finds room to mix things up even though it’s his seventh decade in the biz. While we can’t say for certain what he’ll perform when he comes to a city near you, here’s a recent set list of Scaggs (courtesy of Set List FM) that should give you a good idea of what to expect at an upcoming concert of his. 01.) “What Can I Say”02.) “Rock and Stick”03.) “Miss Riddle”04.) “The Feeling Is Gone” (Bobby “Blue” Bland cover)05.) “Just Got to Know” (Jimmy McCracklin cover)06.) “Lowdown”07.) “Harbor Lights”08.) “Georgia”09.) “Look What You’ve Done to Me”10.) “Radiator 110”11.) “Lido Shuffle” Encore: 12.) “It’s Over”13.) “You Never Can Tell” (Chuck Berry cover)Encore 2: 14.) “Somebody (Loan Me a Dime)” (Fenton Robinson cover) Many legendary groups from yesterday — including Scaggs’ former bandmate Steve Miller — are pounding the pavement this year. Here are just five of our favorite classic rockers you won’t want to miss live in the next few months. • Bruce Springsteen and the E Street Band • Ringo Starr and his All Starr Band • Dead and Company featuring John Mayer • Billy Joel with Stevie Nicks • Lynyrd Skynyrd with ZZ Top Looking for more options? Try out our list of the 22 biggest classic rockers on tour here.