Notice a man with a black wedding ring? He might be sleeping with other women. A swinging couple is spilling on the subtle signs that indicate others participate in their “lifestyle” — which they claim is much more common than you think. Liv, 30, and her husband, Gage, 31, opened up their marriage five years ago and have become experts at spotting fellow swingers open to joining them in the boudoir. While pampas grass has been a plant prominently associated with swinging, the kinky couple says the flora has fallen out of favor with bawdy bed-hoppers. Instead, the two are keeping their eyes out for a naughty piece of jewelry. “One sign is a black wedding ring on your right hand,” Gage declared in an interview with the Sun, without disclosing whether he wears the item in order to pick up swinging women. Meanwhile, Liv says pampas grass doesn’t necessarily indicate a person participates in the lifestyle, stating: “It just grows anywhere and it’s such a nice plant.” “It’s also become big in interior design, so people have moved away from that as a sign of swinging.” Pineapples have now replaced pampas grass as the most popular item to indicate swinging. Liv told the Sun that she even wears a gold necklace that features the frisky fruit so that people know about her bedroom antics. “It’s a way to wear a sign discreetly, so it might be a necklace or anklet with a pineapple, and that’s usually code that they are into the lifestyle, although you have to be careful how you ask,” she stated. “But on a recent holiday in Cancun, Mexico, there was a woman in a full-on pineapple dress and a man with pineapple shorts and a pineapple shirt, so they were obviously into it.” Meanwhile, some sexed-up shoppers put upside-down pineapples into their supermarket carts in a bid to pick up in the aisles. However, Gage stated that it’s always a risk when approaching people they believe are also swingers. “You can ask them, ‘Are you in the lifestyle?’ But if they look confused then you say, ‘Ignore me!’ and run,” he told the Sun. But while pineapples may be a swinger’s go-to, The Post recently reported that frisky Floridians were flashing colored loofahs from their cars in a bid to signify their sexual preferences. Liv and Gage tied the knot as teenagers and were relatively inexperienced in the bedroom. Five years ago, when Liv told Gage she was bisexual, the couple decided to open up their marriage — and they haven’t looked back. “Some people go dancing together, some people go to the gym together, and swinging is our little hobby,” Liv declared. “We love the lifestyle.” The couple — who describe themselves as “emotionally monogamous” — sleep with both couples and singles, and are allowed to have sex with other people individually. “Everybody has different boundaries. Our number one rule is protection at all times, safe sex,” the raunchy redhead declared. “The other one is that we both need to be comfortable. Whether we are hooking up separately or together, we both need to be comfortable.” The couple claims many people are swingers, and the average person would be surprised by just how many of their friends and family members dabble in the lifestyle. “We were shocked at how many people out there are meeting up with other couples,” Liv declared. “It is really common.”