When it comes to prestige TV, there’s “The Sopranos” and then there’s everything else. David Chase’s incomparable, serio-comic drama ran from 1999-2007 and made such an impression that it has’t never left the cultural conversation since its infamous cut to black. In fact, “The Sopranos” has remained so relevant that show stars Michael Imperioli (also from the second season of “The White Lotus”), Vincent Pastore and Steve Schirripa are literally talking about their time on the show onstage all over the country. Yet, every show on the tour isn’t just idle chat like what you’d hear at The Bada Bing! though — rather, the former cast members, share behind-the-scenes stories, answer audience questions and review rare video footage. There’s only one problem. Unfortunately, “Christopher Moltisanti,” “Big Pussy” and “Bobby Baccalieri” only have a few gigs lined up this year. At the time of publication, the trio, along with moderator-comedian Joey Kola, have just three speaking engagements scheduled. First up, the trio from the 21-time Emmy winner will chop it up at Boston, MA’s Shubert Theatre on March 11. After that, they’re scheduled to hit Providence, RI’s The Strand Ballroom and Theatre on April 1. Finally, the trio will depart from anywhere even remotely close to New Jersey and head northwest to Warren, MI’s Andiamo Celebrity Showroom on Nov. 4. Woke up this morning and wanted to see “The Sopranos” live? Here’s everything you need to know.  A complete calendar including all tour dates, venues, and links to buy tickets can be found below. (Note: The New York Post confirmed all above prices at the publication time. All prices are subject to fluctuation and include additional fees at checkout.) Vivid Seats is a verified secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand. They offer a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and your tickets will be delivered prior to the event. From February 2020 up until December 2021, Imperioli and Schirripa hosted the popular podcast “Talking Sopranos” breaking down all 86 episodes of the seminal New Jersey-based series. Over the course of its run, special guests included Edie Falco (Carmela Soprano), Lorraine Bracco (Dr. Melfi), Steven Van Zandt (Silvio Dante), Robert Iler (AJ Soprano), Jamie-Lynn Sigler (Meadow Soprano) and director/star Steve Buscemi (Tony Blundetto). Even superfans Pete Davidson, Alec Baldwin and Ricky Gervais showed up. Of course, show creator David Chase popped in as well. You can listen to all 91 episodes of the often humorous series here. Want to catch up on Tony and Carmela’s exploits or just rewatch your favorite episode? You can find all episodes of the critically-acclaimed series on HBO Max. While there are only a few “Talking Sopranos” shows in 2023, many megastars are hitting venues all over North America on huge tours. Here are just five of our favorite acts you won’t want to miss live. • Bruce Springsteen and the E Street Band • Journey • Frankie Valli • Guns N’ Roses • Southside Johnny and the Asbury Jukes Want to see who else is bringing their hits to the road? Check out our list of the 52 biggest tours in 2023 here.