Move over, Lunchables — there’s a new (French) snack in town. An American mom living in Paris has taken to TikTok to share snippets of her life across the world, and recently went viral on the platform after she shared a popular snack that kids in France eat. Since Isabelle Bertolami shared the video three weeks ago, it has already reached 8.7 million views, and viewers are dying to try it for themselves. In the 15-second clip, she filmed herself as she carried a baguette and brought it home to her kitchen. “French kids don’t have an after school snack,” she wrote in white text over the video. “They have a Goûter!” She continued, writing, “A sweet treat to bridge the gap between school and dinner.” Bertolami then showed off exactly how to make the French delicacy, as she cut a slice off of the baugette and loaded it with a piece of a chocolate bar, and a small bit of butter in the middle, sandwiching it all together. “The classic is baugette et carrée de chocolate,” she wrote as she put together the snack. “Baugette with a chocolate bar and salted butter.” When she was finished making it, the mom wrapped it up and filmed herself carrying it to her child at after-school pickup, writing, “Eaten when school gets out at 4:30.” The Post reached out to Bertolami for comment. InFrance, goûter almost always consists of something sweet, according to My French Table, and sometimes, even a yogurt or a cheese can be included. The website explained that it’s a “light snack” for both French children and even some adults, and can be anything from what Bertolami made to cake or brioche bread. And now, after watching Bertolami’s video, it looks like some might be swapping their American snacks for a French goûter. In the comments section of her TikTok, some users were blown away by the mouth-watering combo. “Butter AND CHOCOLATE??” one user typed. “I have accepted the goûter lifestyle .” Another agreed, writing, “Making myself this immediately why should French kids have all the fun.” “Me : Rushing to the store first thing in the morning to the store to get fresh baguette, a Milka bar and old fashioned salted butter,” someone else admitted. One user reminisced, “My grandma made me bread + butter + Camembert for goûter  best memories ever.” However, some TikTokers gave the French mom the virtual side-eye, as they pointed out that it seemed like it was exactly the same thing as an after-school snack. “Kids dont have an after school snack they have gouter! *eats gouter when school lets out at 4:30*,” someone poked. Another wrote, “Isn’t that… an after school snack….” “Why can’t y’all just grab a potatoes chip bag like a normal kid lol,” a second user chimed in. “Y’all got to make chocolate fancy.” In other snack news, this French recipe isn’t the only snack going viral on TikTok right now — last month, the creation of a “pickle cannoli” spread like wildfire through the app after someone shared their concoction of wrapping a pickle in fried cheese.