I work as a cashier in a supermarket, and the bread delivery guy who comes in twice a week (from a brand I won’t name) hits on me every time. He’s not rude or crude, and it was funny at first, but now I’m feeling uncomfortable. The store manager says there isn’t much he can do since he doesn’t work for the store, and he isn’t doing anything overt or obscene. What do you suggest? I suggest you give us the name of the bread brand that only brings fresh bread twice a week! I’m not making light of your situation, however. What may have started out as playful attention is now making you uncomfortable. You or your manager need to explain that to him directly, clearly and seriously, expressing a desire that he stop immediately. Hopefully he’s just late to the situational awareness party and will apologize and comply. If not, next step is to tell his employer that not only is their bread stale, but the delivery guy’s act is, too, and he’s no longer allowed in the store anymore. Bottom line: Your employer has to protect you from other employees and anyone who does business with the employees. I was just offered an internship for this summer, but it’s my second choice. My first choice isn’t making a final decision until next month. What should I do? Depends on how much of a gambler you are. How excited are you about the offer in hand? And how upset would you be if you decline it and don’t land the other role, potentially not finding any other internship, since it’s getting late? Presumably you can’t defer your decision until all offers are in, since they probably won’t keep the offer extended for that long. Besides, no company wants to be an applicant’s second choice. Nor can you commit to this offer then ditch them if you land the other gig. So, this is a good problem to have, but your approach depends on the answers to all of the above — and how good your burger-flipping skills are, if that ends up as your last resort this summer. Gregory Giangrande has over 25 years of experience as a chief human resources executive. Hear Greg Weds. at 9:35 a.m. on iHeartRadio 710 WOR with Len Berman and Michael Riedel. Email: GoToGreg@NYPost.com. Follow: GoToGreg.com and onTwitter: @GregGiangrande