Jackson Mahomes, the younger brother of NFL superstar Patrick Mahomes, is under investigation for multiple alleged incidents of assault at a bar in Kansas. The Kansas City Star reports that the quarterback’s brother is accused of shoving a 19-year-old male waiter multiple times and later forcibly kissing the 40-year-old female owner of the establishment. The alleged incidents occurred on Feb. 25 at Aspens Restaurant and Lounge in Overland Park, a suburb about 20 minutes outside of Kansas City. Aspen Vaughn, the owner of the restaurant, told the outlet that police have been reviewing surveillance footage from the evening. Brandan Davies, a lawyer for Mahomes, denied the allegations. “Jackson has done nothing wrong,” the attorney said. “Our investigation has revealed substantial evidence refuting the claims of Jackson’s accuser including the statements of several witnesses. We have reached out to law enforcement to provide the fruit of our investigation so that they may have a complete picture of the matter.” Mahomes has gained prominence on social media through his posts on TikTok and Instagram, where he is a polarizing presence due to his general brashness. In 2021, he was involved in a controversy in which he poured water on Ravens fans. Vaughn, who claimed to have video of Mahomes grabbing her neck and twice attempting to kiss her, told the outlet that she believed Mahomes was intoxicated and that his advances were unexpected and unwelcome. “He forcibly kissed me out of nowhere,” she said, “and I’m telling him, pushing him off saying ‘what are you doing?’ and then he proceeded to do it two more times where the last time I was pushing him off and I can see on the cameras that somebody was outside the office door and I was yelling for them to come help because he’s big and massive.” Mahomes has been a friend of Vaughn’s stepdaughter, and Vaughn previously posted a photo of Mahomes and her stepdaughter together on Facebook, writing that Mahomes was a “good kid.” According to the waiter, who wished to conceal his identity, the alleged incident began when Mahomes went into the office of the restaurant and would not let the waiter in to grab his water bottle. “I was going into our office downstairs where the employees are in the employee area, and he’s downstairs for I don’t know what reason,” the waiter said, “and I’m trying to get to the office, and he’s like, pushing me out. … And he’s like, No, get out, get out.” The waiter said that he smelled an odor of marijuana after Mahomes and his group later went into the restaurant’s VIP area and admonished him that the restaurant’s guests would be able to smell it. Vaughn, the restaurant owner, said that when she and Mahomes spoke privately about the incident that the quarterback’s brother grabbed her neck and left a small bruise; she said that she was “shocked” by what happened. “It’s disgusting,” Vaughn recalled telling Mahomes. “Like you’re a child and he was trying to say ‘we should be a power couple, and I’m like ‘clearly you’re out of your mind right now.’” Police provided a statement to the Star that confirmed an investigation but little else. “The Police Department is aware of an incident that occurred on Feb. 25, 2023, at a business near 151st and Metcalf,” authorities said. “The department is still investigating. Releasing any additional information would be inappropriate at this time. Anyone with information should contact the TIPS Hotline at 816-474-TIPS.”