James Dolan, the billionaire owner of Madison Square Garden and the New York Knicks, is hitting back at the media on his dating-app profile — even as he looks to score in the game of love. In a screen grab of his profile on the exclusive Raya app, the Madison Square Garden boss signaled he’s opening his heart to a potential mate willing to look past his gruff public persona. “I am not what you read in the press,” Dolan wrote in his Raya profile — a screenshot of which was posted on Instagram over the weekend. “That guy does not exist.” The now-deleted screenshot, posted by Instagram user “westvillagetruther,” displays a photo of Dolan wearing a fedora, listing his name as “James” and his age as 67, followed by “sports and entertainment, tech, New York City, Las Vegas, LA.” His user handle is @itsjd0511″ — the number an apparent reference to his May 11 birthday. “I never do anything in a half measure,” Dolan writes, going on to describe himself as “self aware but not self absorbed” and “older than you but not in my thinking.” While Page Six reported in 2018 that Dolan was splitting with his wife, Kristin after 15 years of marriage, the two still share a business relationship. Last month, he named her CEO of AMC Networks, where he is chairman. “Sober in more ways than one,” Dolan wrote. “No more kids but love the ones I have.” Dolan added that he was “still working hard and excited by what I am building” — a possible reference to the MSG Sphere, an over-budget, $2.2 billion concert and entertainment venue he is building in Las Vegas. “I’ve got room for a partner in crime but I will be fine if it does not happen,” Dolan wrote. “I can make you laugh. Hopefully you can do the same.” “I will beat you at backgammon and wordle,” the mogul concluded. “Let’s play!” A spokeswoman for Dolan declined to comment on Wednesday. Last month, Dolan told The Post he had been on Raya for about 18 months and was looking for the “same thing everybody else is.” “I’ve actually made some good friends. They didn’t turn out to be romantic all of them, but I have met some very nice people,” Dolan said of his dates and DMs. “And that’s a plus.” Dolan added at the time that he had been on “three or four” dates and says he likes to bring women he meets to coffee or dinner at intimate downtown spots like Lucien or Emilio’s Ballato — where the house veal parmigiana goes for a cool $57. “He’s written me a lot on Raya,” said Jessica Saund, 41, a former dancer with the American Ballet Theatre who did not appear to realize who Dolan was. She referred to Dolan — who moonlights as the front man of the blues band “JD and the Straight Shot” — as “the musician.” With Jon Levine.