Lady Gaga won’t be taking to the stage to perform at the Oscars this Sunday. The 36-year-old singer was invited to perform her Oscar-nominated song “Hold My Hand” featured in “Top Gun: Maverick,” but had to turn down the offer due to scheduling conflicts, Oscars producer Glenn Weiss confirmed Wednesday during the Oscars Creative Team press conference. “We invited all five nominees. We have a great relationship with Lady Gaga and her camp. She is in the middle of shooting a movie right now. Here, we are honoring the movie industry and what it takes to make a movie after a bunch of back and forth … It didn’t feel like she can get a performance to the caliber that we’re used to with her and that she is used to,” Weiss said. “So she is not going to perform on the show, however, this is all, from our point of view, about someone making a movie and us completely understanding that that’s what is priority in this business, especially when we are honoring movies,” Weiss continued. Gaga is currently in the process of filming the upcoming “Joker” musical sequel “Joker: Folie à Deux” with Joaquin Phoenix, where she will play Harley Quinn. When the “Poker Face” singer was nominated, she took to social media to express her appreciation. “Thank you so much to the Academy for nominating my song ‘Hold My Hand’ for an Oscar this year! Writing this song for the film ‘Top Gun: Maverick’ was a deep and powerful experience that I will never forget. So grateful for the magic of music and cinema,” she wrote on Instagram. Besides Gaga, all of this year’s nominees for Best Original Song have been confirmed to perform at the Academy Awards. The other nominees who will perform this year include Rihanna (“Lift Me Up”), Sofia Carson and Diane Warren (“Applause”), Stephanie Hsu, David Byrne and Son Lux (“This Is a Life”) and Rahul Sipligunj and Kaala Bhairava (“Naatu Naatu”). Gaga last performed her song “Shallow” from “A Star Is Born” with Bradley Cooper at the 2019 Oscars, which went on to win Best Original Song. She also won Best Original Song 2016 for “Til It Happens to You” from “The Hunting Ground.” The 95th Academy Awards, hosted by Jimmy Kimmel, will take place Sunday, March 12 at the Dolby Theatre in Los Angeles and will air on ABC live at 8 p.m. ET.