Andrew Tate is finding life behind bars a little too hairy. “I saw my reflection today and I barely recognized myself,” the accused rapist tweeted Tuesday, a day after his latest court appearance showed his disheveled appearance from more than two months in a Romanian jail. “A long beard, a full head of hair and the stresses of battle show on my face,” he wrote along with his usual shaven-headed image. Tate’s tweet got support from many of his 5.2 million followers — as well as cutting comments about his thinning mane. “‘A full head of hair’ is kinda stretching it bro,” one commentator noted bluntly, attaching a photo showing mostly skin on the top of the accused human-trafficking gang leader’s head. “I’ll be honest I would not consider that a long beard or full head of hair,” another also wrote, with physicist Dr. Jonathan Hall agreeing: “I felt the same way, but I was too scared to say.” Others, meanwhile, compared the incendiary influencer’s appearance to his younger brother, Tristan, 34, who looked far more dapper — and coiffed — while smiling at photographers on his way into the Bucharest Court of Appeal on Monday while handcuffed to his divisive brother. “Maybe he was looking at his brother and thought it was his own reflection,” one wag wrote. Still, Tate used his unwanted new ragged look as a philosophy lesson to his followers, who are mostly impressionable young boys. After catching his unrecognizable appearance, Tate wrote, “then I looked into my eyes. And recognized myself completely. “They cannot break me,” he said. He shared a similar message Wednesday alongside a Zen-like image of a shaven-headed mediator. “My body is in jail. But my mind is not in jail. Do you understand?” he asked. The US-born, UK-raised brothers have yet to be formally charged despite being busted on Dec. 29, accused of rape and running an organized gang involved in sexual exploitation and human trafficking. The pair and their two co-accused — including Tate’s rumored girlfriend — on Monday lost their latest appeal to get out of custody, where they can be kept for up to 180 days under Romanian law. Even so, Tate’s Twitter account has regularly shared messages with his followers. He was only recently allowed back on the platform after being booted from most social media sites for his often violent misogyny.