FanDuel Sportsbook has a few fantastic offers for new users. Right now, you can grab the FanDuel promo code that lets you make 10x on your first bet, win or lose. Just put $20 on any game and you’ll get $200 in bonus bets no matter what. Massachusetts sports is now live, and new bettors in the Bay State can get $200 in bonus bets with just a $5 bet. Use the links below to get started. Same offer, just a lower required amount. Bonus bets are like a credit — you keep any winnings, but not the bonus itself. So if you put $10 in bonus bets on a team that’s +150, you’d profit $15 if they win, but you don’t keep the $10. Your bonus bets can then be used on any game but expire in 14 days.  The World Baseball Classic is in full swing, and it has been wildly entertaining thus far. We have seen big upsets in the first two days of pool play, but one team has really impressed thus far. Japan, led by two-way superstar Shohei Ohtani, looked impressive in their opening game as they won 8-1 over China. While their bats have looked solid, it is their pitching that could carry them to the final. Japan has immense pitching depth, as they have the best three-man rotation in the event. Their pitching was on full display against China as they struck out 17 batters. Although Ohtani’s fantastic start is just the beginning, Ohtani, Yu Darvish, and Roki Sasaki will become a formidable trio throughout the tournament. Japan has also jumped the United States in the odds, but you can still grab them at +240 at FanDuel Sportsbook. Once you place your first bet and the event reaches a result, you will receiver your bonus bets. The catch about bonus bets is that you don’t keep your stake like a standard cash wager. Since you will only be keep what you win, it is important to maximize your return. You can do this by placing bet with plus-money odds. A bet with +100 odds will return you the exact amount of your stake. Any number higher and you will make more than that. However, be wary as the longer your odds get, the less chance you have of winning. So one of the better ways to covert your bonus bets into playable cash would be to take alternate spreads. If you are confident in TCU, you can bet them to over an alternate spread of -4 at the price of +120. If you’re looking for another sportsbook, check out the WynnBet promo code offer. The Bettor Sports Network features original programming from celebrity personalities like Bill Simmons, famous for his picks on The Ringer Network Podcasts, and Kay Adams, a former host of Good Morning Football on the NFL Network, who displayed her vast knowledge of the NFL and fantasy football. Although, it is much more than that, as they are the new home of international basketball. FanDuel TV will broadcast more than 3,000 hours of professional leagues from around the globe. So you can sweat your bets on the same app that you place them on. If you or a loved one is experiencing problems with gambling, please call 1-800-327-5050 or visit gamblinghelplinema.org for 24/7 support. LiveChat with a GameSense Advisor at GameSenseMA.com or call 1-800-GAM-1234