Social media star Taylor Frankie Paul has pleaded not guilty to felony counts of domestic violence and aggravated assault stemming from her Feb. 18 arrest. The 28-year-old mother of two addressed the events Sunday in one of her first Instagram Stories since the alleged incident, claiming she is now on antidepressants to combat her issues. “The last few weeks have been the hardest of weeks of my life,” Paul said. “I wanted to thank all of those who have been by my side, those who reached out and the strangers that stopped to hug me.” Paul continued, “I’ve silently been working on healing, therapy, a blessing, starting classes, and got on antidepressants to help me during this time. I’m starting to feel progress and will be back to work soon. “Again, just thank you for those that have given me grace at this very difficult time.” Paul is part of the MomTok community — moms who have found fame on TikTok, a subgroup of which are Mormon and has 4 million followers on the viral video streaming platform. She has opened up in recent months about her struggle with depression, anxiety and extreme weight loss in the wake of the shocking “soft swinging” scandal. A protective order against the “soft-swinger” Mormon influencer’s boyfriend, Dakota Mortensen, 30, was denied at his request during an initial court appearance on March 3, according to Salt Lake County court documents obtained by The Post. Paul was charged after allegedly striking Mortensen with a wooden play set and three “heavy, metal chairs” during a fight at her Utah home. A pretrial protective order, however, was entered on behalf of Paul’s kids. One of the metal chairs allegedly fell and hit one of Paul’s kids, who was sitting on the couch during the alleged argument, leaving them with a “goose egg” on the head. Paul shares her daughter Indy, 5, and son Ocean, 2, with ex-husband Tate Paul. The couple divorced in June after Paul went “too far” with one of her friend’s husbands. She was charged with two felony counts of domestic violence in the presence of a child and a felony count of aggravated assault, as well as one Class A misdemeanor count of child abuse and one Class B misdemeanor count of criminal mischief. Paul was also ordered to not consume alcohol, per the court documents. Attorneys are gathering more information surrounding the alleged incident. A scheduling conference for Paul is set for March 31 at 3 p.m. EST. The Post has contacted Paul, her attorney and Mortensen for comment. Meanwhile, Paul and Mortensen cozied up together Saturday in an Instagram Story in which Mortensen issued a smiling Paul on the cheek. “I love you,” Paul wrote on the picture shared with her 282,000 followers. “Mine,” Mortensen added with a heart eyes emoji on his own Story.