TAMPA — Aaron Judge spent his reintroduction to left field Wednesday just watching Gerrit Cole get swings and misses from a different angle. The Yankees captain is hoping for more action Thursday. “Maybe I can talk to the pitchers, ‘Hey, just leave a couple over the middle. Do something for me,’ ” he said with a grin. Judge spent five innings in left field and only got one ball hit to him, a ground-ball single, as the regular right fielder began testing out the new position so Giancarlo Stanton can play occasionally in right field at Yankee Stadium this season. The 6-foot-7 Judge played left field in college, and then started seven games there in 2016 at Triple-A Scranton/Wilkes-Barre. But he spent the last few days getting reacquainted with the position in workouts before starting in left for Wednesday’s 4-0 loss to the Cardinals at Steinbrenner Field. The biggest difference from his home in right field? “You’re just dealing with right-handed pull-side line drives,” Judge said. “I think that’s the biggest factor. Everything else is pretty much the same. You just gotta get used to the spin [being] a little different. “But when you have a Giancarlo Stanton 112 [mph] liner right at you, you don’t know if you need to come in or go back on it. Thank goodness he’s on our team so I don’t have to deal with it too much. “But you see a lot of guys, just those righty top-spinners. Just get your eyes on that a little bit and then go out there and be an outfielder.” Since Saturday, Judge has been doing pregame work in left field, taking fly balls from the machine or a coach hitting with a fungo bat, and then seeing balls off the bat during batting practice. But none of it is quite the same as getting balls hit his way during game action, so he wants as many different looks as he can get there this spring. “The only way you can do it is just getting reps in the game,” Judge said. “Hopefully get a couple balls that confuse you a little bit, make me look bad out there so we can get that out of the way.” Manager Aaron Boone said that “in a perfect world,” he hopes to get Stanton somewhere around 50 starts in the outfield this season, assuming he is healthy and makes 130-plus starts overall. When the Yankees are on the road, that may mean Stanton starting in left field, depending on the stadium dimensions. But at Yankee Stadium, if Stanton is able to play the outfield, it would be Judge taking over the spacious left field. “I’d consider it right away, depending on how much we rep it here [in spring training],” Boone said. “Hopefully he can get up to speed rep-wise, because it is something going to the other corner. It’s one thing going to center field, where guys tend to always feel a little more natural. :But that different look, the fact that he’s had a few days to rep it into these back-to-back games, I think will serve him well. We’ll continue to evaluate him moving forward.” Judge also played center field last season on his way to winning the American League MVP, though that became less of a need once Harrison Bader was healthy enough to play there. But when Boone and Judge were talking about how to get Stanton out in right field more often this season — which would allow greater lineup versatility for the likes of Josh Donaldson or DJ LeMahieu to take a DH day when needed — Judge suggested putting himself in left. “He’s just a great team guy, so what else do you expect?” Cole said. “He’d play any position if you let him, I think.”