She’s dishing the deets on good eats. Dietitian Mickala Parsley is revealing how to plant the seeds for a healthy diet and swears by three foods that she recommends all of her patients consume: chia seeds, hemp seeds and flaxseed. The 27-year-old Indiana-based blogger shared her health-conscious secrets in a TikTok recently posted by WedMD, explaining that all three kinds of seeds have fiber, fat and protein, but serve different nutritional purposes. “I think it is really important as Americans that we focus on what we can add into our diet versus what we can take away,” she said in the three-minute clip. She touted chia seeds as a healthy eater’s “fiber-rich friend,” which can be easily tossed into yogurt, oatmeal and smoothies for a nutrient boost. In addition to helping regulate the digestive system, fiber can also lower cholesterol, control blood sugar and reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease. Last year, chia seeds were the center of a bizarre TikTok trend dubbed “the internal shower,” which was meant to cleanse the bowels. “One of the most interesting things about chia seeds is that they are hydrophilic in nature, which means they can be mixed with water and can soak up to 27 times their weight, creating a thick gel-like substance that hydrates and lubricates the mucous membranes of your gut, resulting in a soft and smooth bowel movements,” Dr. Daryl Gioffre previously told The Post. “In fact, two tablespoons of chia seeds have 10 grams of soluble and insoluble fiber, which acts as an ‘internal shower’ in your gut, helping to move food and prevent any impactions down the road,” the chiropractor and founder of Alkamind added at the time. Hemp seeds, Parsley claimed, are “protein-rich,” with 10 grams in just one teaspoon. They contain omega-3 and omega-6 fatty acids, which have been shown to support heart and brain health. Their benefits have come under scrutiny as well. Regardless, Parsley finds them delicious. “I think it adds a really great nutty taste and texture,” she explains in the TikTok. Flaxseed completes the holy trinity of super seeds. Parsley said she prefers ground and meal flaxseed over buying it whole, noting it’s “easier to digest and to work with.” “Not only will flaxseed be great with providing you healthy fats, but flaxseed has been shown to contain certain cancer-fighting properties,” she claimed. Experts say that not all the foods you eat have to be packed with nutrients — so don’t be so quick to toss out your favorite snacks that may not be as “healthy.” “We tend to view food as either good or bad for us,” registered dietitian and author Lisa Young previously told The Post. “Generally, a small portion of [any] food is OK,” she added. Potatoes, cheese, peanut butter and other “bad” foods could actually be good — well, in small servings at least. Prior research also suggested that following different types of diets, such as the Mediterranean and plant-based diets, can boost long-term health.