Now that Selection Sunday is behind us and you’ve printed out your bracket, it’s time to make plans to head out of the house and see your favorite team live. Whether you want to root for or against No. 1 seeds Alabama, Purdue, Houston and Kansas or perennial tournament favorites like Duke, Marquette, UCLA, Arizona and Texas, tickets are available for all games. And some are quite cheap. At the time of publication, we found some seats going for just $18 before fees on Vivid Seats. That’s less than it costs to buy a burger and a beer at the arena. Not a bad deal considering you might just catch a shocking upset that instantly becomes the stuff of legends. That being said, that $18 game isn’t a one-off — there are many, many affordably-priced first-round games with ticket prices under $30. So, if you want to witness hoops magic in person this March in Ohio, California, Alabama, Florida, Iowa, Colorado, North Carolina, New York, Nevada, Missouri, Kentucky or Texas, here’s everything you need to know about every single game. All prices are subject to fluctuation. We’ve got dates, teams and best ticket prices available for each and every package deal and game for all 14 participating venues below. Want to start filling out your bracket busters? You can get to it right now with our printable bracket below. For more coverage, check out the NY Post’s bracket coverage, predictions and top storylines. If you’re looking to scream at the TV from the comfort of your own home, we’re happy to report that that should be a cinch this year. Most games can be found on TBS, TNT, TruTV and CBS in most cities. As always, be sure to check your local listings ahead of time to find the game you’re looking for ahead of time. Once the nets are cut down, NCAA hoop fans might feel a bit lost. What to go to next? That’s a great question. We think these five huge tours are more than worth your time this spring and summer. • Drake • Blink-182 • Metallica • Snoop Dogg with Wiz Khalifa • Lil Wayne Want to see who else you can see live this year? Check out our list of the 52 biggest concert tours in 2023 here.