A Florida cougar is on the prowl for her next boy toy — even if it means stepping foot on a college campus. Patsy Mennuti, who goes by @hellacougar on TikTok, shared a video taken at a college frat party with her alleged 21-year-old boyfriend, a clip that has received more than 22,000 views since it surfaced in December. The 52-year-old isn’t embarrassed when it comes to dating outside her age group. She prefers dating men in their 20s “casually and recreationally for sex.” Mennuti’s 24-second clip shows snippets from throughout the day at one of the many fraternity parties she apparently has attended. She is seen posing with college students in swimsuits, holding beer cans, smoking vapes and even playing “DD” — designated driver — for some partygoers. When she isn’t looking for men on college campuses, she said she resorts to dating apps like Tinder, which has been a challenging process for her. She claims that Tinder has banned her four times. “Guys think I’m fake online when they see my profile,” she says in another TikTok video. “I think that’s because maybe they recognize me from social media and they are, like, ‘No way is she gonna be on Tinder.’ But, absolutely, I’m on Tinder.” Mennuti expounds about her dating life, coaching fellow cougars and breaking down what she sees as misconceptions about age gaps. Many viewers, from older women to young men, comment on her videos, asking for tips on how to find a potential mate. “Where do I find them …” said one woman. “Do older women approach or prefer to be approached?” asked another. “I need your help please can you give me dating app that I can search for older woman please,” commented a viewer. “Thank you, I listened to alot and took notes, because of that I have a date with a lovely woman this Saturday ,” wrote one grateful viewer who applied her dating tips. Mennuti also revealed the No. 1 question she gets from her young suitors: “What do older women want in bed?” “Giving a s – – t about her pleasure!” the experienced woman in the sheets replies. Perhaps unsurprisingly, Mennuti often receives backlash for dating 20-year-olds, with people referring to her as a “predator,” “a hag” or “sad and pathetic!” Even with all the hate, she encourages young men to date older women because “they’re wet all the time,” jokingly referring to hot flashes. “I’m not a relationship person,” she admits — but she’s always looking for a good time.