The Connecticut lunch lady who allegedly groomed and then sexually abused a teen boy was previously cleared by school officials of inappropriate communications with students, according to a new report. Andie Rosafort, a former part-time New Fairfield public schools employee, met with district officials over “concerns regarding social media and maintaining appropriate boundaries and communication with students,” according to emails and court documents obtained by Fox News Thursday. Concerns began swirling around the 31-year-old late last year, according to a Dec. 1, 2022 email between the middle school principal and Rosafort, the outlet reported. Fairfield Middle School Principal Karen Gruetzner thanked Rosafort in the email for talking with her about those concerns involving contact with students. “As we discussed, there was a report that insinuated some images were seen and/or shared with high school students from your social media account,” Gruetzner also said, adding a school investigation of the accusations determined that the content was not inappropriate,” according to the email. The head of the middle school then urged her that “caution should be exercised,” Fox News reported. In the meeting with school officials, Rosafort reportedly claimed she doesn’t text students directly, according to the email. Rosafort had a social media account dedicated to her cosmetics business where she posted makeup videos while she had the school job, though it appears the account is gone now, according to Fox News. School Superintendent Kenneth Craw wrote to the school board last month that a staffer made school leaders aware of a “vague report possible inappropriate messages between a minor and Ms. Rosafort” in late November 2022, according to documents obtained by Fox News. Following a school probe that included talking to the minor involved, the teen’s family and Rosafort, “The investigation did not produce any information that substantiated any inappropriate interactions between Ms. Rosafort and a minor,” Craw wrote, the outlet reported. Police were alerted to the “vague report,” he said. She resigned from her job in January. The criminal case and the report from the staffer involved two different students, Craw reportedly wrote. The married Rosafort is facing three felony charges that include second-degree sexual assault, enticing a minor by a computer to engage in sexual activity and risk of injury to a minor impairing morals of children. She’s accused of grooming the boy before sexually assaulting him in her SUV, according to authorities. The school district filed a report against Rosafort after the father of one of the alleged victim’s friends alerted administrators that the kid was sexually abused at a Jan. 13 party, according to an affidavit reviewed by WTNH. A student at the high school accused Rosafort of talking to freshmen boys on social media, and contacted the victim over Instagram and Snapchat, the police affidavit states. The alleged victim told police she sent him a nude photo of herself and then sent a second one after the teen asked if she sent the first one by mistake, according to the affidavit. The boy said she then requested a naked photo of him with Rosafort allegedly sending more naked photos and videos of herself. The night of the January party, Rosafort is accused of picking the alleged victim up from a party at a pal’s home and having “contact of a sexual nature” with the minor. Alleged communications between the lunch lady and student were not inappropriate at first through last summer, but allegedly took a turn in September 2022 when the alleged victim started high school, according to the affidavit, Fox News reported. After she turned herself in on Feb. 20, she was released on $100,000 bond. On Thursday she was tight-lipped in front of her New Fairfield home about the allegations as she was seen wearing a green sweatshirt with Brewster Bears written in white lettering.