An Ohio woman fatally shot her husband, son and father and gravely injured her daughter before turning the gun on herself as cops arrived to serve the family eviction papers on their foreclosed home, authorities said. Theresa Cain, 46, gunned down her husband, Steven Cain, 50; their son, Ethan Cain, 13; and her father, William Felton, 74, on Monday at the family’s home in Ohio Township, the Clermont County Sheriff’s Office said. The mother also shot her 20-year-old daughter Samantha Cain, who remains critically injured. Law enforcement arriving at the home to serve the family with an eviction notice heard multiple gunshots ring out from inside the residence.. Authorities found four people shot dead and a fifth victim, later identified as Samantha Cain, who was still alive. Sheriff Steve Leahy said Thursday that the eviction had been the result of a long history of financial problems — which Theresa Cain appeared to have hidden from her family members, according to WXIX. Detectives found a .38-caliber revolver which they believe Cain used to kill her husband, who was found on a downstairs sofa. The rest of the family members, as well as Cain herself, were found upstairs. The victims were awake when they were killed and likely aware of what was happening, investigators said. Officials also believe they were killed mere minutes before police arrived at the home. “You would think there would be resources for someone like them, but I think she kept this a very close secret. Hopefully, Samantha recovers and can help fill in some blanks,” Leahy said. A relative indicated on Thursday that Samantha Cain is currently in a coma, but doctors have given her a good chance of surviving. The tragedy has shaken the New Richmond School District, where both Cain children attended school. In a statement posted on the school district’s website Superintendent Tracey Miller wrote, “We are stunned and saddened by the loss of Ethan Cain. Ethan was loved by students and staff alike and his loss leaves a tremendous hole in the heart of our district and our community.” “We ask you to keep Ethan’s sister, a recent New Richmond High School graduate, Samantha Cain, in your thoughts as well. The entire New Richmond community is behind her in this fight,” the statement continued.