The longtime South Carolina beach getaway of Alex Murdaugh and his late wife, Maggie, is in contract to sell again only months after it was quietly sold last summer, The Post can report. Murdaugh, along with Maggie’s estate, sold the Edisto Island home near Charleston in July 2022 for $955,000 — at the same time he was arrested and charged with murdering her and his youngest son Paul. The residence was also sold less than a year after he was charged with insurance fraud, conspiracy to commit insurance fraud and filing a false police report. Less than six months after it was sold to Minnesota locals, Jon and Gayle Lancto, they listed the home for sale in January for $1.18 million. The property went into contract last month. It is unclear why the Lanctos are selling the getaway so quickly. The Post has reached out for comment. Alex and Maggie Murdaugh purchased the four-bedroom, three-bathroom Cape Cod-style estate in 2002 for $415,000, according to records obtained by The Post. It was considered their second home, used as a vacation spot, for nearly two decades before the tragic family was plagued with scandal. Pegged as a “once in a lifetime opportunity,” according to the listing, the next owner will get the property fully furnished with designer brands. Occupying more than 2,300 square feet, the property comes completely renovated — with features including a sun deck, vaulted ceilings, wood flooring, a gourmet kitchen and a woodburning fireplace. The sunroom features floor-to-ceiling windows and can be accessed from the living room — as well as the primary bedroom and one of the guest bedrooms, the listing notes. On the ground level is an enclosed shower for rinsing off sand after a day on the beach, a dressing area, a fishing sink and storage rooms. Maggie, 52, and Paul, 22, were found murdered at the Murdaugh family farm in Moselle, South Carolina, on June 7, 2021. Alex was convicted of the killings on March 2. The disgraced ex-attorney was then sentenced to two consecutive life terms with no possibility of parole. Meanwhile, a separate source told The Post that the family’s 1,700-acre hunting farm is in contract and close to being sold after all of the family’s personal belongings are removed from the property. “The new buyer is someone that has no connections with the family … none whatsoever,” the insider revealed.