It isn’t eas-zzz to stop snoring — and a majority of loud sleepers will do whatever it takes to stop waking the house, a new study reveals. The top strategies to beat snoring include using extra pillows, drinking water before bed — and putting a tennis ball in your pajamas to stop yourself from lying on your back. A study of 2,000 US adults found 52% either snore or have a partner who does, with 72% of those groups resorting to a host of tricks to try and silence the noise. Nasal strips, a hot shower before bed and even sleeping sitting up also featured in the top 30 list. But while some avoid alcohol before bed or even at all (both 15%), one in 10 swears by a drink before nodding off to stop snoring. Others have resorted to taping their mouth, putting a clothespin on their nose or sleeping with their head at the end of the bed. The survey, commissioned by http://www.mutesnoring.com and executed in partnership with WebMD and OnePoll, as part of the new 2023 Annual Sleep & Snore Report, also found 53% of those who snore or live with a snorer are so fed up with the noise, they would do anything to stop it. As a result, this group spends an average of $45.30 a year on items to try and silence snores, but would be willing to spend up to $596.60 if it meant the noise would stop for good. More than four in 10 (42%) would even consider surgery in order to bring an end to the habit. “Snoring can be disruptive, and people are willing to give pretty much anything a go to put a stop to it,” says Michael Johnson, CEO of health tech company Rhinomed. “And while some of these are fairly routine strategies — and indeed many proven to help — there are some more unusual things being put to the test. “While things like using extra pillows, humidifiers and opening up the airways can all help with snoring, things like having a hot shower before bed, sleeping upside down in the bed and wearing an eye mask aren’t likely to help that much. “Whether you are the snorer or the person who has to put up with the noise from a partner, it can have a huge impact on your sleep, relationship and life generally. “As a result, there are some who are willing to do whatever it takes to put a stop to it.” It also emerged that 38% of respondents have resorted to sleeping in separate bedrooms, and 28% to taking sleeping tablets. But for 15%, things have gotten so bad, they have had a relationship end over their own or their partner’s snoring. In a bid to stop snoring, 42% have turned to the internet for advice, while 32% have gone to friends and family for help. And 37% have even sought help from health professionals. Although 60% admitted they have simply come to accept that it’s never going to go away. It also emerged that those classed as obese are more likely to be snorers (57%) than those who have an underweight (19%) or healthy (29%) BMI. Also of note is that 36% of men snore compared to 32% of women. Michael Johnson added: “Snoring doesn’t have to be something you simply put up with. “With sound strategies, you really can reduce or even eliminate the snoring noise in your bedroom — and not surprisingly, improving your nasal breathing is one of the best things snorers can do.” TOP STRATEGIES PEOPLE HAVE TRIED TO STOP SNORING: 1. Using extra pillows 2. Using nasal strips or a dilator 3. Taking a hot shower or bath before bed 4. Drinking more water 5. Having a humidifier on 6. Sleeping sitting up 7. Sleeping the other way round (e.g., with your head at the end of the bed) 8. Avoiding alcohol before bed 9. Avoiding alcohol completely 10. Using a nasal spray before bed 11. Using saline rinses or sprays 12. Sipping warm honey and lemon before bed 13. Using a mouthguard 14. Rubbing decongestant onto your chest before bed 15. Exercising before bed 16. Wearing an eye mask 17. Eating mints before bed 18. Buying anti-snore pillows 19. Wearing compression socks 20. Doing snoring exercises 21. Buying a snoring ring 22. Rubbing Vaseline on the tip of your nose 23. Putting a tennis ball in your PJs to stop you lying on your back 24. Drinking alcohol before bed 25. Humming/singing 26. Applying thyme oil on your feet 27. Doing throat exercises 28. Putting a peg on your nose 29. Practicing acupuncture 30. Taping your mouth MUTE AMBASSADOR & SLEEP EXPERT OLIVIA AREZZOLO’S TOP FIVE TIPS TO REDUCE SNORING: 1. Reduce alcohol intake — Alcohol is a prime risk factor for snoring: It relaxes the muscles in the upper airways, causing them to collapse through the night and amplify snoring. 2. Sleep on your side — By sleeping on your back, you exacerbate snoring. However, sleeping on your side, or at the very least having your face on the side, reduces it. 3. Ensure you are at a healthy weight — Weight reduction for those carrying excess weight can improve snoring, so much so that in some cases, symptoms can be eliminated. 4. Consider a nasal dilator — A simple, straightforward solution that can help make breathing easier at night. 5. Improve air quality — Well-ventilated, purified air reduces the risk of snoring due to pollution and airborne organisms.