A Texas trucker who fatally shot a popular podcast host and her husband in a murder-suicide in a Seattle suburb Friday made hundreds of “vulgar and angry” calls to the victims, leaving more than 20 messages a day, according to a report. Ramin Khodakaramrezaei, 38, called podcaster Zohreh Sadeghi, 33, more than 10 times a day and left more than 20 daily messages for her husband, Mohammed Naseri, 35, according to an order of protection that was obtained by KOMO News. The podcaster said that two messages she received late last month were “vulgar, angry and threatening,” according to the protection order filed on March 3. Khodakaramrezaei “has bursts of anger” and his “delusions make me fear for my life and the lives of my loved ones,” Sadeghi wrote in her petition for the protection order, KOMO News reported. She had first told Khodakaramrezaei to leave her alone on Nov. 6, 2022, according to the protection order. Throughout November and December, he continued to call her from various numbers, including from nearby hotels, KOMO News reported. Sadeghi blocked all private callers in an effort to discourage the stalker, according to the outlet. The protection order also stated that Sadeghi recently had back surgery, which limited her mobility and made her fearful about being able to “respond to a crisis.” “All of this has caused me great distress and pain, and now I am suffering from a deep-seated fear for my safety. It has taken a toll on my recovery,” Sadeghi wrote, according to KOMO News. “I haven’t been able to open the curtains in my bedroom out of fear of him being outside watching me.” On Dec. 20, 2022, Khodakaramrezaei arrived at the couple’s home to deliver flowers after Naseri had left, prompting Sadeghi to call the police, who also collected a scarf he gave her last month as evidence, according to the report. In the petition for the protection order, Sadeghi wrote, “Khodakaramrezaei has bursts of anger and is completely delusional. These delusions make me fear for my life and the lives of my loved ones.” Early Friday morning, the crazed fan climbed through a window of the couple’s suburban home in Redmond, about 15 miles east of Seattle, and opened fire, killing Sadeghi and Naseri before turning the gun on himself, according to police. Sadeghi’s mother, who was also at the home, managed to escape to a neighbor’s house to call police, according to reports. When officers arrived, they found Naseri lying on the front lawn with a gunshot wound to the chest, according to the outlet. They gave him CPR but he was pronounced dead at the scene. Sadeghi and Khodakaramrezaei were found dead inside the home. The assailant died of a self-inflicted gunshot wound after he had been stalking the podcaster for “many months,” Redmond Police spokeswoman Jill Green said Friday.