Back that glass up. A 74-year-old British woman claims she has even more energy now than she did in her 20s — despite her daily consumption of bread, cheese and a bottle of wine per night. Norma Williams, a Liverpool native residing in Italy, said she maintains a very active lifestyle and a relaxed diet that stuns people when they learn her “elderly” age. But she insists aging is a mindset, refusing to believe she will ever be “old.” After all, she still dreams of becoming a runway model. “It’s important as you age to remain relevant. If you retire and do nothing further with your life, that’s like putting one foot in the grave,” she told Jam Press. Williams recalled always wanting to be a model, but said she was overweight from binge eating as a young adult. “I’d go to bed with several packets of chocolate marshmallows, huge bags of Wotsits and a freshly sliced white loaf,” she remembered. “I was a wreck and felt bad all the time.” She continued: “The biggest difference between me in my 20s and me in my 70s is, quite simply, energy. My energy levels have increased exponentially over the past 50 years — and that’s what drives me to live the way I do now.” Williams says her daily routine consists of 5.5-mile weekday walks and workouts with 8-pound weights while she waits for her tea to boil. But when it comes to her diet, she’s not as disciplined. “Breakfast consists of a wholemeal croissant filled with honey, plus a milky cappuccino — sometimes two or three cappuccinos a day,” she explained. “I also drink about six cups of tea a day, each with two sugars. My diet is not perfect — I can demolish four or five packets of five savory biscuits easily after my main meal,” she added. “For dinner I have mixed nuts, selections of meats and cheeses, wholemeal breads, grilled salmon or battered prawns, potatoes and vegetables.” “I also drink one whole bottle of wine every night,” Williams revealed. She stated that she follows two “golden rules”: only eating after her workouts are complete and never snacking between meals. Williams said people often stop her and politely ask her about her age. Her youthful appearance and endless energy make her believe she could still fulfill her dream of walking the catwalk in Milan. “Why can’t I strut my stuff alongside 17-year-old beauties without having the obligatory white hair? I want to show the world you don’t have to look like the stereotypical old lady,” she mused. “I don’t accept that today belongs to the young as we are expected to believe — it’s up to the elders in our society to set examples and be role models.”