A marijuana-growing device was behind the massive Yonkers fire that killed one man and injured multiple others, including firefighters, earlier this week, officials said Friday. “The likely cause and origin was an electric heating lamp used to cultivate six marijuana plants that a resident was growing for personal adult-use,” the Yonkers Police Department said in a statement. Firefighters responded to the blaze in the 95-unit, seven-story building on Bronx River Road near Reyer Avenue shortly before 1 a.m. on Wednesday. Officials believe the lamp in a first-floor apartment “detached from its hanging support and broke, sparked on the floor starting the fire,” according to the statement. The fire killed Michael Damiano, a 67-year-old resident on the 4th floor of the complex, and injured dozens of firefighters and several residents. “We continue to keep the victims of this senseless fire in our prayers, especially for the fire’s sole fatality,” Mayor Mike Spano said. “The cause of this tragedy only highlights the need for greater guidelines and regulations when it comes to legalized marijuana production so to avoid incidents like this in the future — so much more has to be done.” Certified patients and their caregivers are allowed to grow their own marijuana at home under New York law for medical purposes, but it is unclear if the resident with the device had the proper designation. Police Commissioner Chris Sapienza called the fire “avoidable” and said the “high-powered” marijuana-growing devices are very dangerous. “Marijuana laws need to be fixed, be it cultivation or smoke shops; our communities demand it,” he said in a statement. The state’s marijuana laws and lack of regulation have increasingly come under fire, as illegal pot shops show up around New York with little recourse. “We have to zero in on this cannabis stuff,” New York City Mayor Eric Adams said last month. “This cannabis stuff is a real problem! And we must make sure that we can’t have people [make] a mockery of our system!”