Alex Murdaugh flashed a creepy smirk in a new mugshot photo taken days after he was handed two consecutive life sentences for killing his wife and son. In the image, Murdaugh is sporting a freshly shaved head and a soft smile while wearing a white T-shirt under a yellow prison jumpsuit. The new mugshot replaced an “out of focus” photo taken on March 3 when he had been transferred to the Kirkland Reception and Evaluation Center, Fox News reported. The disgraced former South Carolina attorney will be held in a single cell for the next 45 days at the Columbia prison — a maximum-security, level-three prison for male offenders. Murdaugh, 54, will undergo some examinations, “like all inmates,” before the state determines in which maximum-security prison he will serve his back-to-back life sentences, according to the South Carolina Department of Corrections. The Kirkland Reception and Evaluation Center where he is being held is responsible for some of South Carolina’s most dangerous criminals. Murdaugh’s sensational six-week trial came to a close Friday after a jury unanimously found him guilty of gunning down his wife, Maggie, 52, and their son Paul, 22, on June 7, 2021, at the family’s Islandton hunting lodge. The jury deliberated for less than three hours before reaching its verdict following weeks of wild testimony showcasing the collapse of a powerful legal family. Murdaugh maintained his innocence even as he was handed two life sentences, telling the courtroom, “I would never hurt my wife, Maggie, and I would never hurt my son Paw Paw.” After he repeated that he would not hurt his wife, Judge Clifton Newman countered: “It may not have been you … it might have been the monster you had become. You take 50, 60 opioid pills a day, I’ve seen that before, the person before me is not the same person. But it is the same individual.” The room was quiet as Murdaugh was led from the court. His remaining son, Buster, 26, largely remained emotionless while in court on Friday and did not stand for his father. The defendant’s younger brother, John Marvin Murdaugh, appeared more emotional in court, blinking frequently while his sibling addressed the court. Following his conviction, his older brother, Randy Murdaugh, said he thinks his brother knows more than what he’s sharing. His belief is drastically different than the story his brother’s defense team has been spinning, claiming that the entire family was “more convinced” of the disgraced legal scion’s innocence after his six-week trial. In addition to the murder convictions, Murdaugh is awaiting trial for a slew of financial crimes, the total prison sentence for which could amount to over 700 years.