Lane Lambert quickly jumped in with the number of shootouts the Islanders have lost this season when it was pointed out to him Tuesday night that they have yet to win one. After a 2-1 loss to the Wild in which the Islanders played a strong 65 minutes then failed to score in losing the shootout, the season-long total is up to five. More concerning, the Isles could not score on Minnesota’s Filip Gustavsson and have only scored one shootout goal all season. Lambert, who adamantly expressed he did not want to criticize his team’s performance after the game, did not extend that to the shootout. “We’re not scoring goals in a shootout, we’re not winning shootouts,” Lambert said. “They have to find a way.” With the Islanders holding a 31-25-8 record, good enough for a tenuous grasp on the first wild-card spot, the Penguins are just one point behind with four games in hand. The Sabres sit four points back with five games in hand — with the Panthers, Senators, Red Wings and Capitals all in the mix as well. Much as the Islanders were happy with how they played on Tuesday, and with taking three of four points from two road games, the point they lost matters. And the five they’ve lost this season due to shootouts is currently the difference between comfort and clinging onto a playoff spot. “Not scoring isn’t a great way to win shootouts,” said Kyle Palmieri, who was denied by Gustavsson to seal Tuesday’s game. “Just gotta find a way to break through and try and get that extra point.” Regarding Semyon Varlamov, Scott Mayfield and Zach Parise, three veterans on expiring deals who have expressed a desire to stay with the Islanders, general manager Lou Lamoriello said their desire does enter into his thinking as the trade deadline approaches. “I think you have to look at their play,” he said. You have to separate the person and the player,” he said. “When players want to stay, there’s a reason they want to stay.” Lamoriello also said he was excited for Barry Trotz, who was introduced as the future general manager of the Predators this week. Trotz will take over for the retiring David Poile on July 1. “It’s obvious it’s something that he wanted,” Lamoriello said. “We’ve talked quite a bit over the year, and certainly this isn’t something that happened overnight. It’s obvious with him not coaching. So yes, excited for him. Good man, good human being, good hockey person. He’ll do a great job.” The Islanders signed goaltender Tristan Lennox to a three-year, entry-level deal, the team announced. Lennox was their third-round pick in 2021.