I share a workstation with a co-worker who wears a mask all day. I thought it was to protect against COVID or germs, but I overheard her tell her friend that it’s because she thinks I smell bad. I don’t know if I should feel embarrassed or angry or both. How should I handle this? I would feel both if it were me. Even if you are guilty of being a malodorous colleague — and having colleagues talk about it and wear masks because of it — well, yeah, both. Assuming that you are unaware that you may have an issue, you need to learn the truth and, if you are emitting an odor, discover if it is a medical issue or hygiene issue. I wouldn’t address it with your colleague until you diagnose and treat the problem, at which point you can choose to speak to them about it. Or, you can say that you took care of the cause of your odor and that you wish your colleague had said something to you rather than embarrass you. Alternatively, you can simply let it go. I was fired during the pandemic because I refused to get the COVID vaccination, which my employer was requiring. I was denied unemployment, and I’ve been unable to secure steady employment since. Now my former employer is no longer requiring the vaccine. Do I have some recourse? If we had “followed the science” thousands of people who lost their jobs would still be employed. Employers aren’t requiring vaccinations now, because they wouldn’t be able to hire anyone since few people of working age people are still getting vaccinated, and only a small percentage of people who were previously vaccinated are getting boosted. Even the pharmaceutical companies confirm that the vaccine efficacy wears off after 6 months, so essentially almost everyone who got vaccinated previously is unvaccinated now. So why did we fire people for not getting vaccinated? And then deny them unemployment? You can try asking your former employer if you can be re-hired, or challenge your unemployment claim. I don’t know if there is any legal recourse, but there are lawyers for that. Gregory Giangrande has over 25 years of experience as a chief human resources executive. Hear Greg Weds. at 9:35 a.m. on iHeartRadio 710 WOR with Len Berman and Michael Riedel. Email: GoToGreg@NYPost.com. Follow: GoToGreg.com and onTwitter: @GregGiangrande