First lady Jill Biden on Sunday said it was “ridiculous’’ to consider GOP presidential hopeful Nikki Haley’s call to mandate mental competency tests for pols over 75, suggesting President Biden would never take one. Jill Biden said she and ​her husband — who at age 80 is the oldest commander in chief in US history and would be 82 at his inauguration if reelected — would “never even discuss something like that. “Ridiculous,” Jill Biden responded when asked about Haley’s idea in a snippet of an interview that aired Sunday on CNN’s “State of the Union.” Jill Biden — whose full interview will air at ​9 p.m. Monday — pointed to the president’s surprise trip last month to Ukraine to meet with President Volodymyr Zelensky to mark the one-year anniversary of Russia’s invasion as proof of the commander-in-chief’s stamina. “How many 30-year-olds could travel to Poland, get on the train? Go nine more hours, go to Ukraine, meet with President  Zelensky?” she said. “So, look at the man. Look what he’s doing. Look what he continues to do each and every day.” Haley, a former US ambassador to the United Nations, ​floated the proposal to test older politicians on their mental proficiency when she announced last month that she was running for the 2024 Republican nomination, clearly referring to Biden and GOP former President Donald Trump, who is 76 and has already thrown his hat into the presidential ring again. “We are more than ready for a new generation to lead us into the future,” the 51-year-old Haley told supporters during her campaign kickoff in Charleston, SC. “Ready to move past the stale ideas and faded names of the past.” The former governor of South Carolina added: “We won’t win the fight for the 21st century if we keep trusting politicians from the 20th century.” Trump, who announced in November that he would seek to return to the White House, embraced Haley’s mental-test proposal and built on it. “ANYBODY running for the Office of President of the United States should agree to take a full & complete Mental Competency Test simultaneously (or before!) with the announcement that he or she is running, & likewise, but to a somewhat lesser extent, agree to a test which would prove that you are physically capable of doing the job,” Trump wrote Feb. 21 on his Truth Social messaging platform. “Being an outstanding President requires great mental acuity & physical stamina. If you don’t have these qualities or traits, it is likely you won’t succeed. MAGA!” he continued.