The story behind the slap has been revealed and it came with a warning. Last season, Tommy Pham, who was with the Reds at the time, had a frosty relationship with the Giants’ Joc Pederson that resulted in an on-field altercation over a fantasy football league before a Giants-Reds game. Pham approached Pederson in the outfield while the two teams warmed up for the May 27 game, and subsequently slapped him in the face. At the time, Pham claimed Pederson was “disrespectful” and said thing he didn’t “condone” in a text chain for the fantasy football league. Pham was a guest on “Foul Territory TV” on Thursday and explained Pederson, 30, took the opportunity to take shots at the left fielder and his team in the fantasy league’s group chat. To which Pham forewarned him, saying, “The next time I see you, man, I’m gonna pimp slap the sh–t out of you.” Pham, 34, followed through with his warning. “I’ve never said ‘hi’ or ‘what’s up’ to Joc on the baseball field. We’re not friends like that. We’re not cool like that,” he said. “So, when we joined this football league together, there was a lot of sh–t talking in the group chat from Joc to me and then to my team at the time.” “I don’t know what makes him think it’s cool to take shots at me and my team. I forewarned him. “I was like, ‘Hey, yo Joc, I’m not cool with you like this.’ He kept taking subtle shots.” Following the incident, Pederson said “there was no real argument.” “He came up and said, ‘you remember from last year?’ I was like, ‘fantasy football?’ He was like, ‘yeah.’ Then, yeah,” Pederson said. Three weeks after the incident, Pham said he had “no regrets” because “Joc deserved to be slapped.’’ Pham also mentioned the Giants threatened to file lawsuit charges against him and the league threatened an eight-to-10-game suspension unless he accepted an immediate three-game ban. “They were talking about pressing charges,’’ Pham said. “I’m like, ‘Go ahead. Assault for a slap? OK. People do way worse.’’ Pham eventually accepted the three-game ban and a fine of an undisclosed amount. No incident followed when the pair met in a series from June 24-26 in San Francisco, but the two will meet again this upcoming season after Pham signed with the Mets in January. The Mets and Giants play seven games during the regular season.