At least five people died, including two children, and several others were injured when an early morning blaze ripped through a multifamily home in Rockland County, officials said. Late Saturday, the front of the off-white, two-story home was almost entirely blackened, and flames had eaten through the back of the wood-framed dwelling. Roughly half of the home’s roof collapsed, and the clapboard walls were hollowed out. Firefighters were called to the two-family Lake Street home in the village of Spring Valley at 4:03 a.m, officials said at a press conference. The blaze was declared under control at 4:40 a.m. They made multiple attempts to get into the building and assist the people trapped inside, but the initial fire conditions made entering the home “impossible,” said Rockland County Fire Coordinator Christopher Kear. They were only able to start searching for missing residents after the flames were knocked down. “Sadly, there was a lot of collateral as part of the incident,” County Executive Ed Day said. Three victims were found on the second floor, and two were found on the first floor, likely due to the second floor collapsing, Kear said. The names of the victims were not yet released. Five other people were injured and taken to a nearby hospital. One of the firefighters responding to the fire received a minor injury and was treated at the scene. The injured victims were found outside of the building, Kear said. One had jumped out of a second-story window. The number of people living in the building was not clear. The nature of the victims’ relationship is unknown, but the county executive said they were believed to be family members. Saturday’s fire occurred just down the road from the site of the massive fire at the Evergreen Court Home for Adults that occurred in March 2021, where one resident and one volunteer firefighter died in the blaze. The devastating fire resulted in Rockland County taking over Spring Valley’s building inspections. The county’s Office of Buildings and Codes director, Ed Markunas, said that the Lake Street building had previously been cited for a number of violations, which were subsequently corrected during the building’s latest inspection. Spring Valley Village Trustee Zach Clerina told The Post that despite the county being put in charge of the village’s building inspections, his community was once again having to navigate another fatal fire tragedy. “The county took over and then we’re supposed to have some type of relief,” he said. “Things like that are not supposed to repeat [so] soon like this. It’s too fast.” The cause of the fire is under investigation.