This content was truly shocking. A Twitch star was temporarily banned from the live-streaming platform after zapping herself with a shock collar as part of a bizarre stunt. A video of the electrifying moment is currently creating a buzz in the gaming community. “Me and @HanaxBananaa are testing how dumb we are and Shocking each other for being a stupid a–,” streamer CodeMiko, 33, — real name Youna Kang — announced on Twitter regarding the literal hair-raising challenge. The influencer regularly uploads gaming content to her nearly 1 million followers on the platform. For her latest stunt, Codemiko appeared to be playing a version of trivia but with more high-voltage consequences for guessing the wrong answer. In the clip, captioned “How Dumb Are We?” CodeMiko and fellow streamer HanaxBananaa can be seen donning matching black dog collars. Each time one of the influencers provides an incorrect response to a question, their fellow gamer gives them a zap a la the Domination game in the 1983 James Bond flick “Never Say Never Again.” Shortly after the video was posted, Kang’s Twitch channel disappeared, Dextero reported. Meanwhile, those who tried to visit the page received the message “This channel is temporarily unavailable due to a violation of Twitch’s Community Guidelines or Terms of Service.” The gamer gal later confirmed that she’d been jettisoned via a post on Discord, in which she speculated that her exile was “cuz of the shock collar.” Twitch states in its guidelines that they don’t “allow content that glorifies, promotes, or encourages self-harm.” “We also prohibit activities that may endanger your life, lead to physical harm, or encourage others to engage in physically harmful behavior,” they added. However, it appears that the ban was short-lived as a day later, CodeMiko Tweeted that Twitch had reinstated her account. “I GOT UNBANNED! TWITCH REVERSED THE BAN AND REMOVED THE STRIKE!” the gamer gushed in the post. “I originally got banned for the shock collar content for 7 days. After they looked into it they decided it was an incorrect ban YAY IM FREEE!!” This reportedly marks the eighth time that the live streamer has been excommunicated from the platform. In a wilder incident in 2021, Amazon banned one of its own Twitch accounts on its streaming platform Twitch after a rogue host flashed her nipple during a broadcast.          