The third most senior Ranger feigned outrage. “I am here for five years and one Hall of Famer comes in and now I have to move my locker?” Filip Chytil said, chuckling over the indignity of sliding one stall to his right so that Patrick Kane could squeeze in beside Artemi Panarin. “What is going on here?” Chytil broke into a grin before answering his own rhetorical question in a conversation with The Post. “There is a reason we are getting these players and that is because we want to win the Cup,” said Chytil, who also cited the trade for Vladimir Tarasenko, whom he set up for the three-on-three overtime winner in Philadelphia on March 1. “We have three great offensive lines and we have four great lines overall.” “We have a lot of skill on our team, but we just have to play responsibly on defense and commit to the 200-foot game. We showed last year in the playoffs we can play against anybody and can beat anybody, so the addition of these two experienced players who won the Cup in their careers, that’s even better.” The three scoring lines to which Chytil alluded includes his own unit — the Kids, by abbreviation — on which he centers Alexis Lafreniere and Kaapo Kakko. But the line’s production has been muted the last few weeks while Chytil himself has been blanked for 12 straight games, immediately following a spree in which he recorded 11 goals in 13 matches. Once upon a time that kind of a drought might have diminished the 23-year-old’s confidence. But not now. “I believe in myself all the time,” Chytil told The Post following practice Wednesday in advance of the three-game trip that will commence Thursday in Montreal. “I feel good about the way I’m playing.” “I don’t listen to anything anybody says that might be negative. I just stay in my head and stay confident. I know what player I am and what player I can be so I just keep working hard and practice hard. I believe I will score and when that happens, everything will come back.” Chytil scored on a scalding 30.6 percent of his shots during his rampage from Jan. 3-Feb. 8. He has recorded 32 shots in the dozen games in which he has not scored. “This year I have already scored 19 goals, that is more than ever before in the NHL, so I know that I can do it,” said the 21st overall selection of the 2017 draft. “I’m not playing bad right now, the chances are there, so that’s good. “If I just put the puck in once, that feeling comes back to you. I cannot describe it, it is different from being confident. When you score, the feeling is way better.” Head coach Gerard Gallant lectured the Rangers, and loudly, when a drill went awry toward the end of practice. There had been a few raised voices from the staff during the club’s 40-minute skate. For a minute, it seemed as if David Quinn had made his return. “[Giving them] a little bit of a jolt at the end,” is the way Gallant characterized it. “I wasn’t happy. We’re trying to do a drill and they don’t want to execute it, so …” Chytil is the third most senior Ranger behind Chris Kreider and Mika Zibanejad. He made his NHL and Blueshirts debut in the 2017-18 season opener. He is sixth on the team in continuous service, however, also behind Adam Fox, Jacob Trouba and Artemi Panarin, who have been here since the start of 2019-20, while Chytil was in AHL Hartford until Oct. 29 of that season. He was promoted for good the same day and same way as Ryan Lindgren. The match in Pittsburgh on Sunday will kick off a bizarre stretch in which the Rangers and Penguins will hook up three times within four games, including consecutive contests at the Garden on March 16 and 18. The second wild-card Penguins are six points behind the Rangers and each team has 19 games to go.