Looking to get in on the action this Thursday? Well, Caesars has got you covered. The Caesars Sportsbook promo code NPBONUSFULL unlocks up to $1,250 for all new user’s first bet with Caesars . If you’re in Ohio, you can get the same offer but up to $1,500, with Caesars Sportsbook promo code NPBONUS1BET. That means if your first wager with Caesars Sportsbook loses, you’ll get refunded whatever you lost in bonus bets. So if your first bet is $200 on the Mavericks -2.5 and it loses, you’ll get $200 back in bonus bets. You’ll then have to wager those and win those bets to turn them into cash. Let’s learn how to claim these offers and preview a marquee NBA matchup. New Caesars Sportsbook bettors outside of Ohio can get up to $1,250 back if their first bet loses when they register with the promo code NPBONUSFULL. This is one of the best offers around, as it is $250 more than you would typically find at other online sportsbooks. How does this offer work? Make your first bet at Caesars, and if it loses, you’ll be refunded in bet credits up to $1,250. So if you put $500 on any spread of the teams we detail below at -110 odds, you’ll profit about $454 if it wins. You’ll then have $954 in your account; that’s real cash. If that first bet loses, you’ll bet $200 in bet credits back. You then must use the bet credits on any wager and turn them into cash. But you don’t keep the bet credit amount. So if you put $50 in credits on Golden State +2.5 and it wins, you’ll take the profit of about $45. The NBA’s slate Thursday may be small, but it is sure to be action-packed. First, the Toronto Raptors will kick things off as they are on the road against the Washington Wizards. Then shortly after, we have a potential NBA Finals preview as the new-look Dallas Mavericks play host to the Philadelphia 76ers. Third in the lineup is a potential smash spot for the Indiana Pacers as they take on the San Antonio Spurs. The Pacers opened as four-point favorites and have been rolling, so be sure to back them against one of the worst teams in the NBA. Lastly, a week removed from the highest-scoring game in NBA history, the Los Angeles Clippers take on a resurgent Golden State Warriors team. This is the rubber match as these two teams have spit the first two meetings this season. New and existing players. 21+. Available in AZ, CO, IA, IL, IN, KS, LA, MI, NJ, NY, TN, VA, WV only. Full T&C apply.. If you’re looking to pad your bankroll, look no further than Caesars Sportsbook. Caesars offers loads of daily profit boosts. They come in all shapes and sizes, as they could be increasing the odds on straight bets, or boosting same-game parlays, or even giving you extra value with a three-team parlay on the day’s biggest favorites. However you like to bet, Caesars has you covered. So be sure to check out all the boosts they have to offer. For Ohio bettors: OH only. 21+. New users and first wager only. Must register with eligible promo code. Bet amount of qualifying wager returned only if wager is settled as a loss. Maximum bet credit $1,500; must be used within 14 days of receipt. See Caesars.com/promos for full terms. Void where prohibited. Know When To Stop Before You Start.® Gambling problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER.