An Oklahoma cheerleading coach has been arrested for allegedly having sex with her daughter’s 16-year-old ex-boyfriend more than 300 times, authorities said. Jennifer Hawkins, 45, was taken into custody on second-degree rape and sexual battery charges on Wednesday after her alleged five-year sexual relationship with the teen came to light. Detectives started investigating the Moore Public Schools cheer coach in January after the alleged victim, now 21, leveled the rape accusations against her, according to an affidavit obtained by Fox 25. He told investigators that Hawkins first prompted him for sex in 2017 when the then-sophomore was dating her daughter. He alleges that he had sex with Hawkins at her home almost every day during his lunch break throughout his sophomore and junior year. The victim told cops they had sex more than 300 times from 2017 through 2022, according to court documents. He provided authorities with text messages the pair had sent to each other, including ones in which Hawkins would allegedly become enraged when the teen was “observing” other females, according to the court documents. When questioned by detectives, Hawkins allegedly denied the allegations but later copped to the years-long relationship, police said. “Jennifer at first denied being in a sexual relationship with [him],” the affidavit says. “Jennifer then admitted she made a mistake and began crying and admitted to having been in a sexual relationship with [the former student].” “Jennifer talked about [his] age at the time they became sexual [16 years of age] and how their relationship would seem odd or inappropriate to other people,” the filing continued. Hawkins was immediately fired after the allegations came to light in January, according to the Moore Public Schools district. “Once we were made aware of the situation Hawkins was immediately fired from working at Moore Public Schools,” a district spokesperson said. “The safety and security of MPS students and employees is our foremost concern. MPS school officials will continue to assist law enforcement in their investigation of this matter.”