Mormon influencer Taylor Frankie Paul was charged Tuesday with felony counts of domestic violence and aggravated assault stemming from an alleged fight on Feb. 17 in Utah with her boyfriend Dakota Mortensen. According to Salt Lake County court documents obtained by The Post, Mortensen reportedly told Herriman police he was trying to leave Paul’s home after she allegedly hit him during an argument. Mortensen, 30, reported Paul, 28, threw her cellphone and a wooden playset at him. Mortensen claimed Paul also threw three “heavy, metal chairs” at him, including one that allegedly struck one of her two young children in the head. “Paul admitted to throwing the metal chairs and wooden playset,” according to the court document. Police say video footage allegedly shows Paul putting her boyfriend in a chokehold, striking him “multiple times” and throwing three barstools at him. The Post has contacted Paul and Mortensen for comment. Paul was released from Salt Lake County Jail on Feb. 18 after a brief stay, records show. Paul has two children with her ex-husband, Tate Paul — daughter Indy, 5, and son Ocean, 2. The couple divorced last year after the “soft swinger” reported “crossing the line” with one of her friend’s husbands. Paul debuted her relationship with Mortensen on social media in August. Police reported the wooden playset damaged Mortensen’s vehicle door, while the metal chairs allegedly put holes in the wall and left one of Paul’s children with a “goose egg” on the head. “Dakota reported feeling scared for his life. Dakota was observed with redness and swelling around his eyes, swelling on his elbow, scratches on his fingers, and a laceration on his neck,” the court document reads. Police said an officer witnessed Paul “strike” Mortensen when they arrived at the scene. Paul was charged with two felony counts of domestic violence in the presence of a child and a felony count of aggravated assault, as well as one Class A misdemeanor count of child abuse and one Class B misdemeanor count of criminal mischief. A court appearance is scheduled for March 21. Salt Lake County District Attorney Sim Gill explained to The Post on Tuesday that a third-degree felony conviction in Utah could result in up to five years in state prison. A Class A misdemeanor conviction could bring up to a year behind bars, while a Class B misdemeanor could mean six months. Gill declined to confirm whether Paul has custody of her children. The status of the relationship between Paul and Mortensen is unclear. Mortensen’s alleged statements to police differ from what he reportedly told the Daily Mail last week. The outlet quoted Mortensen saying he and Paul “didn’t argue,” and she “never hurt anyone intentionally.” He also seemed to claim he didn’t call police, suspecting a neighbor did so. Paul has not publicly addressed the charges. She did, however, post a cheerful photo with Ocean to her Instagram Story on Monday. She has more than 271,000 followers on the platform and 4 million followers on TikTok, where she rose to fame as part of the MomTok community — a subgroup of which are Mormon.