Hugh do you think you are? “Notting Hill” star Hugh Grant has been blasted for giving a “rude” red carpet interview at Sunday night’s Academy Awards. The British actor was interviewed by model and ABC Oscars red carpet host Ashley Graham, 35, whose attempts to ask him a series of stock-standard questions were met with seeming contempt. Grant was seen rolling his eyes at the end of the awkward interview, prompting one viewer to describe the star as “a total a – – hole.” “Is Hugh Grant just an arrogant d – – k all the time?” another asked. “He was so rude to Ashley Graham on the red carpet, complete with an eye roll. Maybe he should stay home if he’s too good for his industry of choice.” A third chimed in stating: “Why was Hugh grant so rude?? Shout out to Ashley for holding up the conversation and getting through that.” The awkward interview began with Graham asking Grant what his favorite thing about the Academy Awards was. The “Four Weddings and a Funeral” star appeared frosty and offered up a lengthy pause, before responding: “It’s fascinating. The whole of humanity is here. It’s a vanity fair.” While Grant was seemingly referring to a vanity fair in general — i.e. a scene or place characterized by frivolity and ostentation — Graham interpreted his reply as meaning Vanity Fair’s famous post-Oscars party. The awkward interview only went further downhill from there. Follow The Post’s Oscars 2023 live coverage Graham asked the star if there were any nominees that he was hoping to take home an award, to which he replied: “No one in particular.” Graham then asked Grant what he was wearing, to which “The Undoing” star bluntly shot back: “My suit.” Clearly feeling uncomfortable, the model attempted to keep the conversation afloat by asking him how it felt to star in “Glass Onion: A Knives Out Mystery.” “I’m barely in it, I’m in it for like three seconds,” Grant cantankerously clapped back. “But still, you showed up and had fun, right?” Graham replied. “Almost,” the British star shot back in a snarky manner before the model quickly wrapped up the uncomfortable chat.