It’s some foul fowl. Costco’s rotisserie chicken has some customers clucking that the prepared poultry has had a chemical taste as of late, according to a Reddit thread from last week. “We tasted it and it has a distinct chemical flavor to it, really off putting,” Reddit user u/MillennialModernMan wrote. “Same thing happened last time about three weeks ago. This was never a problem before, been buying it for years, has something changed recently?” The post — which was titled “What’s up with the rotisserie chicken lately?” — was flooded with hundreds of comments from many complaining about the roast bird’s smell and taste. “I thought I was losing it/had Covid again when I tried a rotisserie chicken recently and it tasted…chemically and soapy? So odd,” another user wrote. Others have said the off-putting taste is reminiscent of a swimming pool. “Yes, I’ve noticed a distinct chlorine-like taste. I’ve stopped eating it about a year(?) ago due to the strange chemical taste. I use the Albany, OR store,” the Oregon customer responded in the Reddit thread. At $4.99, the rotisserie chicken has long been a bargain for club members – and something that the company’s Chief Financial Officer Richard Galanti has boasted about amid the rising costs of food and freight. Galanti, on a recent earnings call, maintained the company would keep the price of the chicken just under $5 to entice people to buy a membership. Other citizen food journalists hypothesized that the type of chicken and the way it’s cooled after being butchered as an antibacterial precaution could be to blame. Another user, claiming to have worked at a Costco warehouse, said: “I don’t know about other warehouses, but we get chicken from two suppliers. For my coworkers and I, we don’t really like the chicken from one of them and just refer to it as bad chicken. It doesn’t cook really well as the one from the other supplier, and i’ve heard the taste isn’t really good.” Costco did not immediately return a request for comment.