BOSTON — The Knicks’ recent run of good health took a hit on Sunday night. After waking up with soreness in his left foot, Jalen Brunson was unable to play in the 131-129, double-overtime win over the Celtics, and was listed by the team as day-to-day. It was the fifth game Brunson has missed this year. The Knicks, winners of an NBA-high nine straight games, improved to 3-2 without him. Coach Tom Thibodeau said he was unsure if Brunson had undergone an MRI, or if he will need one when the team returns to New York. He did say the star point guard would get re-evaluated on Monday. “I don’t think it’s anything serious,” Thibodeau said. “He just woke up with soreness. So we want to make sure he’s good.” Brunson turned his right ankle late in the third quarter of the team’s win over the Heat on Friday night, but returned to the game early in the fourth quarter. The two injuries are unrelated, according to Thibodeau. Sixth man Immanuel Quickley replaced Brunson in the starting lineup, and had a brilliant game. In 55 minutes, he scored a career-high 38 points, along with eight rebounds, seven assists, four steals, two blocks and just one turnover. Center Mitchell Robinson showcased the ball-handling he has alluded to in the past. With the ball well beyond the 3-point line and left alone, he dribbled past Celtics guard Derrick White and threw down a monster two-handed jam in the second quarter. “You know what? He’s much better than you would think on dribble handoffs and that sort of thing,” Thibodeau said. “It didn’t surprise me. We see that sometimes in practice. “I thought it was a good read. They jumped his top side, and he made a good move and attacked the rim. That’s good basketball.” The Celtics were without starting center Robert Williams (left hamstring strain) and super-sub Malcolm Brogdon (right ankle soreness). … The Knicks matched the Celtics for the most road wins in the NBA with 20 and won the season series, 3-1. … The game completed a daunting stretch of facing 12 teams with a record of .500 or better in 18 games. The Knicks went an ultra-impressive 14-4.