What’s cooler than rolling out of bed, heading to your spotless kitchen, and firing up a barista-grade cup of espresso from your handsome stainless steel Breville, all while heating up a few pieces of toast in your sleek, chrome smart toaster oven, also by Breville? How about rolling out of bed, heading to your spotless kitchen, and firing up a barista-grade cup of espresso from your handsome stainless steel Breville, heating up a few pieces of toast in your sleek, chrome smart toaster oven, also by Breville, all the while knowing you saved hundreds of dollars on your purchase? Now that’s cool. This week, Amazon is offering up to 38% off espresso machines and toaster ovens from one of our favorite kitchen brands, Breville, including nearly $200 off the Breville Barista Touchscreen Espresso Machine, and nearly $100 off their Compact Smart Toaster Oven. Wake up to a superior cup of coffee, and the perfectly toasted piece of toast, for less, with Breville. Below, we’ve highlighted six of our favorite Breville deals available today on Amazon. Read on, click through, sip, and save. Save $170 on this 2-liter capacity Breville Barista Pro Espresso Machine, marked down 20% this week on Amazon. The younger cousin of the standard-size Breville Smart Toaster Oven (featured later on this list), Breville’s Compact Smart Toaster Oven has eight powerful cooking functions, and many of the same features as its larger cuzzie, at a fraction of the size (and the price). The younger sibling of the above Breville Barista Pro, this standard Breville Barista Express Espresso Machine is more than capable of getting the job done, and costs $80 less. This Breville Infuser Espresso Machine in Black Sesame, currently 25% off list price at just $450, is perfect for the pure espresso lover. Control the volume and size of each pour at the touch of a button, and maximize flavor potential, all with the Infuser. At the top of the Breville line, there’s a touchscreen. This Breville Barista Touch Espresso Machine is nearly $200 off of its $1,100 list price, and it was already a steal before. Use the touchscreen display to program the perfect pour, and enjoy. A larger version of the Compact Smart Oven, This Breville Smart Convection Toaster Oven guarantees a reduced cooking time of 30%. High-powered, with nine cooking functions and large capacity this option from Breville is the Toaster Oven’s Toaster Oven. For more content, check out the New York Post Shopping section.