Today might feel “Just Like Heaven.” For the first time since 2016’s ‘North American Tour,’ The Cure have announced an official headlining tour in the U.S. and Canada. Midway through the 30-concert ‘Shows Of A Lost World Tour,’ Robert Smith and co. will stop at New York City’s Madison Square Garden for three nights of back-to-back-to-back concerts on June 20, June 21 and June 22. The shows will be the new wave alt-rockers’ first performances in New York since their Rock and Roll Hall of Fame induction at Brooklyn’s Barclays Center in March 2019. And if you need tickets to hear “Boys Don’t Cry,” “Friday, I’m In Love” and “Close To Me” ASAP, we’re here to make that happen. Although inventory isn’t available on Ticketmaster until Wednesday, March 15, fans who want to ensure they have tickets ahead of time can purchase on sites like Vivid Seats before tickets are officially on sale. Vivid Seats is a secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand. They have a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and will be delivered before the event. On all dates, The Cure will be joined by special guest The Twilight Sad. A complete calendar including all tour dates, venues and links to buy tickets for each and every show can be found below. It’s been 15 years since The Cure released a studio album, 2008’s “4:13 Dream.” In the intervening decade and a half, frontman Robert Smith has suggested the group’s next record will be a “merciless, relentless” collection of songs, according to NME. “(It’s) inspired by a period of great loss and similar (in) spirit to their 1989 gothic art-rock masterpiece ‘Disintegration,” NME continued. Now that their first U.S. tour in seven years has been announced, it appears the group’s next offering, their 14th studio album, will be titled “Songs Of A Lost World.” When the group toured Europe in 2022, they debuted five new songs —  “Alone,” “Endsong,” “And Nothing is Forever,” “I Can Never Say Goodbye” and “A Fragile Thing” — all of which may appear on the new record. Who can we expect to see onstage flanking frontman Robert Smith? These days, you’ll likely find bassist Simon Gallup, drummer Jason Cooper, keyboardist Roger O’Donnell, guitarist Reeves Gabrels and guitarist/keyboardist Perry Bamonte, who played in the band from 1990 to 2005, playing all your favorite hits at 2023 Cure concerts. On this run of shows, the goth icons will be joined by Scottish post-punk/indie rock outfit The Twilight Sad. The five-member group is most well-known for their 2014 album “Nobody Wants To Be Here & Nobody Wants To Leave” which spawned their most popular tracks, the moody “There’s A Girl In The Corner,” pulsating “I Could Give You All That You Don’t Want” and ethereal “Last January.” There’s a truly shocking number of ’80s stars on tour this year. Rather than bombard you with over 100 acts we found (!) that are on the road, here are just five of the biggest ’80s artists on tour over the next few months. • Madonna • Depeche Mode • Peter Gabriel • Duran Duran • Billy Idol Want to see the entire list of ’80s acts we found on tour this year? Check out our list of the 107 biggest ’80s stars on tour in 2023 here.