Tiger Woods’ ex-girlfriend Erica Herman has accused the golf star of tricking her into leaving his Florida mansion under the guise of going on a “short vacation” — only to lock her out amid their messy and shocking split, newly unveiled court documents allege. News of the couple’s split only emerged Wednesday when details surrounding their months-long legal battle — which has so far been kept under wraps — surfaced publicly as Herman, 38, sought to toss out a non-disclosure agreement she signed in 2017. Their legal fight kicked off in October when Herman filed a landlord complaint in October last year alleging Woods, 47, booted her from his sprawling Jupiter home using “trickery” and then repeatedly refused to let her back in, according to the filings obtained by The Post. The court papers state that those working on behalf of Woods’ trust convinced Herman to “pack a suitcase for a short vacation and, when she arrived at the airport, they told her she had been locked out of her residence, in violation of the oral tenancy agreement and in violation of Florida law.” Herman alleges that Woods paid for a “hotel room and certain expenses for a short period of time” — and “frightened her away from returning” to the property. Those working for Woods subsequently removed her personal belongings and took $40,000 in cash that belonged to her before making “scurrilous and defamatory allegations about how she obtained the money,” the court documents allege. In the landlord filing, Herman claimed the couple had an “oral agreement” that ensured she could live at the mansion for a total of 11 years — and she still had five years remaining when the golf star called it quits on their relationship. Based on the time left on her five-year tenancy, Herman argued in court papers that she was entitled to compensation of roughly $30 million. In an attempt to dismiss his ex-girlfriend’s complaint, Woods’ attorney fired back in court documents alleging Herman was the one who removed her belongings after the golf champ dumped her and told her “she was no longer welcome in the residence.” Woods’ attorney also argued that Herman couldn’t claim she was a tenant because oral tenancy agreements under Florida law are only good for less than one year. His legal team then filed a subsequent motion saying the NDA Herman signed in August 2017 at the beginning of their relationship required them to go through arbitration – rather than hash out any battle in court. “By suing the Trust rather than Mr. Woods, Ms. Herman seeks to evade her obligation to adjudicate her claims in a confidential arbitration and, instead, seeks to gain leverage by litigating her disputes with Mr. Woods in a public forum,” that motion, filed in October, stated. In response, Herman’s attorney asked the court on Jan. 19 to determine if the arbitration agreement was enforceable because, under a sexual assault and harassment law, the case shouldn’t be settled in private. Then, on Monday, Herman filed court documents seeking to nullify her NDA —  citing the Speak Out Act law that allows such agreements to be voided if there’s proof of sexual assault or harassment. In her filing, Herman checked “yes” under a question asking if the case involved “allegations of sexual abuse,” but there are no specific allegations of assault or harassment referenced in the court documents. Reps for Woods and Herman didn’t immediately respond to The Post’s request for comment over the nasty legal battle. According to the latest complaint, Herman is seeking clarification on what she is legally allowed to disclose publicly about her nearly six-year relationship with the golfing champ. In the instance a judge rules that her NDA is valid, Herman’s attorneys want to know whether she can publicly share photos and recordings of herself and her family, as well as information from other “sources” who aren’t bound by the non-disclosure. Woods has until the end of the month to respond to Herman’s latest complaint.