No matter how good they look, it’ll be difficult for top prospects Francisco Alvarez, Brett Baty and Ronny Mauricio to make the Mets. One way Baty or Mauricio make it would be if Eduardo Escobar is traded — a major long shot. The Mets have great depth at 3B with also Luis Guillorme. (It would have been all-time great had they signed Carlos Correa, of course.) The Marlins did show interest in Escobar in winter but have since rearranged their infield. Jose Iglesias makes sense for the Marlins and could be a possibility. … Astros GM Dana Brown suggested there’s still time for Yordan Alvarez (hand) to make Opening Day, but others are not quite as optimistic. Brown suggested time was expiring this week on extension talks for elite duo Framber Valdez and Kyle Tucker. The Astros historically haven’t done super-long deals, and Valdez and Tucker are seeing the kind of money stars get. It is nice to see Brown in the GM role after working his way up and getting the job at 56. And it’s rare to take over a team that’s the defending champion. “It’s definitely different,” said Brown, who has a history drafting great young players — including Michael Harris, Spencer Strider and Vaughn Grissom with Atlanta. “You’re coming in here with a team that’s set up pretty well, barring injuries, for ’23 and ’24.” The worry is that after ’24, Alex Bregman and Jose Altuve can be free agents. (Brown said he’d like to lock them up, too, noting they’ve had no talks to this point.) … The Mariners, dealing from depth, may trade starter Chris Flexen, the former Met who’s having a strong spring. The Yankees could use him. … Chris Sale is said to be looking good in Red Sox camp, throwing 95-96 mph. Could be a midsummer trade candidate. … Jack Flaherty and Steven Matz looked very good the other day in Cardinals camp. .. Jose Trevino turned down offers to catch for Team USA and Team Mexico to have a full Yankees camp, and just three Yankees are playing in the WBC — Gleyber Torres, Kyle Higashioka and Jonathan Loasiga. Many teams have 10 or more. “It’s our cooks, they like our breakfasts and dinners,” GM Brian Cashman joked. Whatever it is, folks don’t apparently like leaving the Yankees.