Everything old becomes new again. And by that same token, everything corny becomes cool again. Such is the case with Merrell, which spent years toiling as your dad’s go-to hiking boot brand, only to come roaring back as a gorpcore staple. It only speaks to their staying power (quite apropos, given the tremendous quality and durability of the footwear itself) that Merrell seems to have transcended even that fad, and remain a popular brand with the downtown set, and your dad, even in our post-gorpcore world. This week, to capitalize off of their success, Merrell is offering up to 50% off Merrell favorites and bestsellers, including men’s and women’s hiking boots, sneakers, loafers, and more. Below, we’ve picked 10 of our favorite deals from Merrell’s Semi-Annual Sale, including hip, future-forward sandals, and classic crunchy-looking hiking shoes. Read on, click through, and get hip to it. These handsome, eco-friendly sneakers are made from 60% recycled material. The laces are made from 100% recycled material. They decided to split the difference on the sale price, a cool $65. Save 50% on these alien-looking Women’s Hydro Runners this week from Merrell’s Semi-Annual Sale. You’ll turn heads, and quickly, given how fast you’ll be able to run in them. You could buy a pair of Crocs, but why not try this pair of Women’s Hydro Moc Elements, now just $30 from Merrell, also made of eco-friendly materials. These unisex Jungle Moc Ecos are the perfect synthesis of house shoe and outside shoe. Step into comfort, and save $45 this week, thanks to Merrell’s Semi-Annual Sale. Not only are Merrell’s Women’s Moab 2 Ventilator hiking shoes uniquely comfortable, they also come equipped with a Vibram rubber sole, designed to provide traction even on wet surfaces. It’s difficult to say no to $45 off a pair of high-performance, durable running shoes. Especially ones that look good. Pick up your pair of Men’s Moab Flights from Merrell this week for just $75. Merrell’s waterproof membrane is a marvel of engineering, sealing water out, and also breathable enough to let moisture escape. Try it for yourself, with these Women’s Moab 2 Mid Waterproof boots, now over 50% off. Don’t get caught out in the cold. These Women’s Snowcreek Sport Mid Zip Polar Waterproof winter boots are constructed from recycled materials, insulated, and $40 off. Need we say more? Winter boots don’t normally look this sporty, but Merrell does things differently. Enjoy $30 off these comfortable, waterproof Nova Sneaker Bungee Waterproof Boots. The rare winterized hiking boot that would still look cool if you wore them to the office, these Men’s Nova Sneaker Mocs from Merrell are $30 off for their Semi-Annual Sale. Take a hike, right on over to the site. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.