Supermodel Gigi Hadid is sharing more about her experience with motherhood. While speaking with The Sunday Times in an article published on Sunday, she revealed that she loves being a young mother to her two-year-old daughter Khai, but was never “obsessive” about it. “She has already given me so much,” Hadid said during the interview. “I always wanted to be a mom, but I was never obsessive about it or [thought that] I was put on this Earth to be a mom.” Hadid continued, “I’ve always been quite organized, so having Khai at the time that I did was a blessing. I’m so glad to be a young mom.” The former “Real Housewives of Beverly Hills” child gave birth to her daughter in September 2020 with ex-boyfriend Zayn Malik. Since 2015, the model and former “One Direction” singer have been in an on-again off-again relationship, but they appeared to split for good in 2021. Hadid gave birth to her daughter at her 32-acre farmhouse in Pennsylvania, where she spends a lot of her time, along with her mom, Yolanda Hadid. She also has an apartment in New York City, but she explained during the interview that she likes to go out to the countryside as she wants to be able to “protect” her daughter from the paparazzi. “It’s still a bit suffocating to look out your window and be like, ‘S–, they’re there again,'” she told the paper about the paparazzi. “The only thing that really bothers me is if it’s going to take away from me trying to experience things with my daughter because I’m trying to protect her from that.” Hadid rarely shares any photos of her daughter on her Instagram page, but in honor of Khai’s first birthday last year, she shared a few snaps of the tiny tot with followers, along with a heartfelt caption. “The rumors are true: my best friend, purpose, muse, greatest pride & joy!” she wrote at the time. “I feel so lucky and inspired bein your mama, my Khai !! An old soul full of sunshine, you light up everyone’s days! Thank you  thank you  thank you .” Since her split from Malik, the Guest In Residence cashmere entrepreneur has been seen with actor Leonardo DiCaprio. It’s unclear what their exact status is, but last month, they were spotted having dinner together in Milan despite rumors that they had stopped seeing each other. While speaking with Elle Magazine last month, she began to cry over the hardships of being famous, and also revealed that she and her younger sister, Bella Hadid, are both in therapy to help them deal with the challenges that come with being in the modeling industry. Hadid appears at the co-host of Season 2 of Netflix’s “Next in Fashion,” a design competition series, along with fashion designer Tan France.