Instead of conducting free agency the traditional way, the NFL could just rent an auction house in Philadelphia. In what is generally considered to be an underwhelming free-agent class compared to recent years, it stands out that seven of the best players available were part of the Eagles’ recent run to Super Bowl LVII. The rest of the league shouldn’t get too excited about the prospects of the NFC champions’ decline, however. Even after not using the franchise tag to keep any of their own free agents, the Eagles still could supplement their intact nucleus by re-signing some of those starters when general manager Howie Roseman performs his annual salary-cap exorcism. Eight teams will enter free agency with more than $30 million in cap space apiece, though there’s a big gap between the Bears ($94.6 million) and the Falcons ($62.9 million), and between them and everyone else, according to Over the Cap. Here is The Post’s list of the top 30 free agents. Suitors and predictions are based on background conversations with informed NFL personnel as well as an attempt to think along with clubs and players: Well-timed career-high 11 sacks. The defensive-tackle market is about to explode on extensions for younger players, but Hargrave should get a bigger deal than he signed (three years, $39 million) to join the Eagles in 2020. Suitors: Eagles, Bears, Seahawks, Steelers, Raiders Prediction: Seahawks Neither the Ravens (after three seasons) nor the Chiefs (the past two seasons, after trading a first-round pick) could meet Brown’s demands fully. Consistently good pass-blocker turned down six-year, $144 million extension and surprisingly avoided second franchise tag. Suitors: Bears, Patriots, Broncos, Commanders, Cardinals Prediction: Patriots Played on the tag and never got close to an extension with the Bengals last season. Rangy, deep middle safety allows his partner to be an extra run supporter. Five-year career totals: 14 interceptions, three games missed. Suitors: Falcons, Seahawks, Packers, Raiders Prediction: Falcons Market will be deep because of how many teams have copied the 49ers’ wide-zone rushing scheme, which suits his athleticism. Showed slight improvement as a pass-protector in 17 starts after torn quadriceps muscle shortened his 2021. Suitors: Bears, Jets, Dolphins, Patriots, Commanders Prediction: Bears Forget the costly Super Bowl penalty. Forced by bad timing on his May release from the Giants into a below-market, prove-it deal with the Eagles, he should cash in after 52 passes defended over the past three seasons. Suitors: Patriots, Vikings, Cardinals, Titans Prediction: Cardinals Played in Buccaneers teammate Carlton Davis’ shadow, but had the better season in man-to-man coverage as a first-year full-time starter. Size, speed and athleticism package to bump-and-run with bigger, physical receivers. Suitors: Lions, Rams, Colts, Jaguars, Bears Prediction: Lions Second straight trip to free agency as he hunts a second Super Bowl ring. Nine straight First- or Second-Team All-Pro selections, including 140 tackles and a career-high six sacks last season for Rams. Still good in coverage, too. Suitors: Raiders, Cowboys, Dolphins, Lions, Seahawks Prediction: Seahawks Secondary versatility is crucial, and Gardner-Johnson — stolen in a trade by the Eagles after Saints extension talks failed — is a top slot corner and safety. Tied for NFL lead with six interceptions despite five games missed. Suitors: Lions, Vikings, Jaguars, Buccaneers, Colts Prediction: Vikings Pro: Bull-rusher creates pressure with 17.8 percent pass-rush win rate. Cons: Doesn’t finish sacks and too many injuries. Won’t cash in as he would have coming off nine sacks (in 2021) instead of a half-sack (in 2022). Suitors: Falcons, Bears, Rams, Cardinals Prediction: Bears Has he lost a step due to age? Maybe. But instincts and recognition make up for it, as he is still good for 100-plus tackles, double-digit tackles for loss and leadership. A lesser clone of Wagner. Suitors: Raiders, Bengals, Commanders, Giants, Steelers Prediction: Bengals Jimmy’s very unusual (thank you, “Seinfeld”): In-demand when available, but then teams can’t wait to replace his game management. Career 40-17 record, plus two deep playoff runs with 49ers, but just two full seasons as a starter. Suitors: Raiders, Jets, Texans, Panthers Prediction: Raiders All free agents included. Even those that seem destined to either be career-long lifers (Eagles) or to retire. Still one of the NFL’s best centers and leaders — and not a bad “SNL” actor. Suitors: Eagles Prediction: Eagles Any backlash for misleading teams about his health when taking November visits? Still the highest ceiling on a weak receiver market, but just 13 touchdowns since 2019 and a long injury history. Held a private workout for teams last week. Suitors: Cowboys, Chiefs, Chargers, Patriots, Giants Prediction: Cowboys Reportedly seeking a deal in the $15 million per year range as the top healthy and young option among slim pickings. Never reached 900 yards in four seasons and curious why receiver-starved Patriots are willing to part ways. Suitors: Titans, Falcons, Browns, Seahawks, Texans Prediction: Titans Was he serious about leaving the Bills because of New York’s high income taxes? If so, eliminate suitors in California and New Jersey. Top coverage safety who stepped up his game when teammate Micah Hyde was out. Suitors: Packers, Eagles, Buccaneers, Bengals, Patriots, Raiders Prediction: Buccaneers Better served in a pass-heavy offense in which run-blocking is de-emphasized. Durable starter played more than 1,000 snaps in each of his four years without missing a game. Jaguars overpaid to keep LT Cam Robinson, so why not Taylor? Suitors: Chiefs, Dolphins, Broncos, Bears, Falcons Prediction: Dolphins Impact of playing with J.J. Watt the past two seasons is evident in Allen’s game. Offers some inside-outside versatility with a career-high 35 quarterback pressures last season and an ability to shed blocks against the run. Suitors: Texans, Steelers, Seahawks, Chiefs Prediction: Texans Instead of a second franchise tag for Schultz, whose numbers dipped to 57 catches for 577 yards and five touchdowns last season, the Cowboys tagged RB Tony Pollard. Zone-beating, soft-handed chains mover who is an above-average blocker. Suitors: Lions, Giants, Broncos, Panthers, Bengals Prediction: Giants Best suited for a 3-4 scheme, where he can push the pocket against guards. Notched 19.5 sacks over the past three seasons. “Positive talks” on an extension with the Broncos stalled out, and he surprisingly wasn’t franchise tagged. Suitors: 49ers, Browns, Jaguars, Lions, Falcons Prediction: Falcons Improved a four-year weakness by solidifying his coverage (four passes defended in a playoff win) for the Bills. Just entering his prime (will turn 25 in May), with plenty of freakish athleticism left in his legs. Sure tackler. Suitors: Giants, Broncos, Bills, Steelers, Dolphins Prediction: Dolphins Second turn through free agency for the slow-to-develop six-year veteran, who only became a starter for the Steelers in 2021. Time to seize his only eight-figure pay day by offering slot and perimeter versatility. Suitors: Panthers, Eagles, 49ers, Saints, Jaguars Prediction: Panthers Old-school downhill linebacker who blows up plays in the backfield (13 tackles for loss or no gain) like a homing device for blitzes. Speed to play third-down coverage, but attack mindset led to over-pursuit angles with the Titans. Suitors: Giants, Commanders, Texans, Jets Prediction: Commanders Two-time Super Bowl winner with the Eagles could create a bidding war at the top of the interior-line market. Athleticism to play tackle in a pinch, too. Played all 17 games in 2022 after two injury-shortened seasons. Suitors: Broncos, Chiefs, Bills, Cardinals, Titans, 49ers Prediction: Broncos Streak of three straight Pro Bowls ended in 2022, when he looked a step slower before his release by the Chiefs. Third in career postseason sacks (13.5 in 17 games) and could be highly efficient in a rotation. Suitors: Bears, Chargers, Ravens, Texans Prediction: Ravens Powerful people-mover in the run game. Even with six sacks allowed, had his career year in 2022, after the Falcons (now regretfully) did not exercise his fifth-year option. More RTs than LTs available. Suitors: Falcons, Jets, Bengals, Titans, Chiefs Prediction: Titans He is what he is after six seasons: A durable (93 games played and started for the Giants and Vikings) run-stuffer who can play nose tackle or three-technique on the interior. Just 13.5 career sacks. Suitors: Giants, Steelers, Jets, Falcons Prediction: Steelers Here we go again with a mercenary who has played on four straight one-year deals. Sent home late last season after criticizing Browns management. Still never has topped 9.5 sacks in a season, but a stout edge-setter against the run. Suitors: Vikings, Raiders, Seahawks, Packers Prediction: Raiders Hasn’t come close to matching his 2018 breakout (111 catches for 1,426 yards), but back on an upward trajectory after one season with the Chiefs, reestablishing himself as a healthy, sure-handed, middle-of-the-field target. Suitors: Falcons, Chiefs, Ravens, Texans, Chargers Prediction: Chiefs Secret is out that Edwards’ one-year, $1.5 million deal last offseason was one of the NFL’s great bargains. Not just the Eagles’ tackling machine (289 over the past two seasons). Good in pass coverage, too. Suitors: Giants, Cardinals, Bills, Titans, Eagles Prediction: Giants Unexpectedly atop the market after three RB franchise tags. Averaged five yards per carry over four seasons with Eagles, had a 50-catch season and rushed for career-high 1,269 yards in 2022 — all behind a top offensive line. Suitors: Bears, Bills, Dolphins, Panthers, Bengals Prediction: Bills