She “sent them all her love” Adele sent a newly-wedded couple’s wedding night up an octave on Friday when the “Easy on Me” singer signed a part of a bride’s wedding dress when she and her husband attended the concert right after their ceremony. The video, which was taken during Adele’s residency at Caesar’s Palace in Las Vegas, shows the singer walking around the audience — while singing “When We Were Young”–  before spotting the newlyweds Adele, 34, let out a scream of delight at the sight of the newlyweds — who were identified as hairstylist Gaby and real estate agent Evan Koris — and rushed over to congratulate the couple. Without breaking the song, the singer signed a bit of the dress before moving on. “Weekends with Adele. My world is made- found the love of my life and this man was determined to have Adele sing at our wedding … 7 years later all our dreams came true,” posted the hairstylist on Instagram. “Thank you Adele for creating the memory of a lifetime for us.” The blushing groom also posted the video showing his excitement. “@adele please excuse my clammy hands. This was my most major fan-girl moment lol,” reads the video caption. Koris also posted another close-up photo of the singer screaming and said that he felt the same. The video has since gone viral. “That’s cool man! Congratulations,” said one user. “Literally no one deserves it more congratulations!! So fun,” said a second person. “Evan can hardly contain himself, that is so awesome,” said a third person. “The groom matching the bride’s shenanigans makes me feel like they’ll have a long and happy marriage,” gushed a fourth person. Other users were impressed with the “Rumor Has It” singer’s ability to sign and sing. “I’m screaming at how she’s casually still singing,” commented one person. “My god, Adele can do everything at the same time, sing well and still sign an autograph, she really is our queen,” laughed a second person. Adele has also sparked rumors that she might be taking a trip down the aisle herself. In February, the singer was spotted wearing a diamond ring on her wedding finger since going public with her boyfriend Rich Paul. According to the gossip site Deux Moi, “very reliable sources” said the singer and Paul are “planning a summer wedding.”