A new study led by the American Heart Association has linked vaping nicotine and THC — the psychoactive component in marijuana — to depression and anxiety symptoms in teens and young adults. “Younger people have long been vulnerable to tobacco use, may experience greater harm from nicotine and other drugs, and may be targeted by tobacco advertisers and marketers,” study author Dr. Joy Hart said in a statement Tuesday. The findings from the survey of more than 2,500 teens and young adults follow recent reports that marijuana usage is skyrocketing among young adults as more states move to legalize it. “E-cigarette devices are still relatively new compared to other tobacco products, such as combustible cigarettes and pipes, so more research is needed to try to better understand the popularity of e-cigarettes, including reasons for vaping and the associated health risks among youth,” added Hart, who is also a professor of communication at the University of Louisville in Kentucky. In the online survey, 2,505 teens and young adults aged 13 to 24 answered questions about their mental health and vaping usage. Researchers compared answers between THC-only vapers, nicotine-only vapers, dual vapers and non-vapers. Of those, the study primarily focused on the responses of 1,921 people who identified as non-vapers or those who had vaped within 30 days. Of the 159 respondents who only vaped THC, 70% reported they experienced “worries, flashbacks, panic attacks and situational anxieties” within the prior week, compared to 40% of 562 non-vapers. The survey also includes responses from 370 nicotine vapers and 830 dual vapers, of which 60% reported feelings of anxiety. Across the board, more than half of the vapers said they experience depression, finding difficulty engaging in or being interested in activities they once enjoyed. Yet, only a quarter of non-vapers reported depression. More than half of vapers of any category also reported suicidal thoughts within the past year, a startling contrast to one-third of non-vapers. Notably, a number of participants said they starting vaping to calm down or feel less depressed — but the study suggested the opposite might be occurring. “This study showed the striking significance of issues with mental health in users of both nicotine vapes as well as THC vapes, and as new products continue to come on the market, I think that this is something that we will continue to see,” said Dr. Loren Wold, who served as the writing committee lead for the American Heart Association’s 2022 Statement on Cardiopulmonary Consequences of Vaping in Adolescents. Studies have found teens as young as 14 have become addicted to vaping, with some reaching for their e-cigarette within minutes of opening their eyes in the morning. “When better coping skills are developed, there may be fewer temptations to try to manage anxiety symptoms and similar mental health challenges through vaping, as well as better refusal skills if offered an electronic cigarette,” said senior study author Dr. Rose Marie Robertson. “Increased priority on more positive behaviors to alleviate tension and manage anxiety symptoms may reduce the likelihood of vaping, possible addiction and the increased risk of negative health outcomes,” added Robertson, who also serves as the deputy chief science and medical officer of the American Heart Association. She also cited an “urgent need” for campaigns and educational programs to warn young people about the risks of vaping and e-cigarettes. On TikTok last year, one religious vaper reported nearly dying after her lung collapsed “spontaneously,” urging fellow young adults to put down their e-cigs for good. The American Heart Association survey also found that dual vapers were more likely to exhibit addictive behaviors towards nicotine — like waking in the middle of the night to partake in the habit — but they also reported feeling less depressed after vaping compared to their counterparts. Meanwhile, strict nicotine vapers were more likely to report the substance had no impact on their feelings of depression. “Although we knew that THC was commonly vaped, we were surprised to have so many dual vapers — more than double the nicotine-only vapers,” said Hart, stressing how vital it is to teach healthy coping mechanisms to young people. “Dual use may either compound the addictive nature of vaping or attract people who are more prone to addiction, as well as have an impact on symptoms of depression.” The study will be presented at the American Heart Association’s Epidemiology, Prevention, Lifestyle & Cardiometabolic Health Scientific Sessions, running from Feb. 28 to March 3. The research hasn’t been published in a peer-reviewed journal. “These products were developed as smoking cessation tools for those that use traditional cigarettes, so I’m very curious now what the implications are with mental health in users who are using these products to help stop smoking,” Wold said. E-cigarettes were designed to help cigarette smokers quit the cancer-causing habit for good — but young non-smokers are gravitating to the sweet-flavored pods and getting hooked. Vaping has been linked to erectile dysfunction, high blood sugar, diabetes, and even eating disorders, drawing the attention of lawmakers. Earlier this year, Gov. Kathy Hochul proposed a statewide ban on flavored tobacco and vape products.