New York Post readers can claim an excellent new customer offer with the Caesars Sportsbook promo code NPBONUSFULL. New customers can use the promo code to place their first bet up to $1,250 on Caesars, and if it loses, that same amount is returned back as bet credits. That means if you sign up and make an initial wager for $200 that loses — you would still get back $200 in bet credits, and so on up to $1,250. Click the button below to learn more about Caesars’ offer before the Phoenix Suns host the Oklahoma City Thunder on Tuesday night. This offer works for any sports market on Caesars. The Caesars promo code NPBONUSFULL allows new customers to get up to $1,250 in bet credits. All it takes is an initial wager of $10 or more, and there’s no reason to worry about losing money because the amount wagered on losing bets gets returned back in bet credits. If you win, you receive your winnings just like normal. The promo code NPBONUSFULL also allows users to get 1,000 Tier credits and 1,000 Reward credits just for signing up. Phoenix fans will finally get to see Kevin Durant play his first home game as a member of the Suns tonight when Phoenix hosts his former team. Well, one of his former teams. Caesars Sportsbook favors the Suns by 12.5 points at home and I like that bet. The Suns have been rolling with Durant and they should benefit playing in front of a raucous home crowd for Durant’s home debut. Phoenix has won three in a row with Durant, and it has won by double digits when it played sub-.500 teams in that stretch (Charlotte, Chicago). Unsurprisingly, Durant has been stellar in purple and orange, most recently dropping 37 points in a big game against the Dallas Mavericks. Devin Booker has also greatly benefitted from Durant’s arrival. Booker has scored at least 35 points in each of the Suns’ three wins, often as the first offensive option. The Oklahoma City Thunder are a pesky bunch that could make this interesting, but I think Phoenix still pulls away in front of an electric home crowd. Take the Suns to cover on Caesars with promo code NPBONUSFULL. 21+. Available in AZ, CO, IA, IL, IN, KS, LA, MI, NJ, NY, TN, VA, WV only. Full T&C apply. Who doesn’t like a little extra bang for their buck? Caesars Profit Boosts increase the net winnings of your bet by a given percentage and can be applied to all sorts of bets. Profit Boosts can be used on straight bets (money line, spread, total) and parlays, but there are also boosts that are exclusively for straight bets only, parlays only, or even parlays with a set number of legs. Profit Boosts can be applied to a variety of sports and bet types, but only those available will appear in your bet slip. Make sure to look for any profit boosts in your ‘Bonus Drawer’ on Caesars Sportsbook.