Will Smith is back in the spotlight. The embattled actor has appeared on stage for the first time since he spectacularly slapped Chris Rock at the 2022 Oscars. The 54-year-old appeared Wednesday at the African American Film Critics Association Awards in Los Angeles, where he received the Beacon Award for his role in the recent AppleTV+ film “Emancipation.” The actor — who has largely been banished from Hollywood in the wake of his assault on Rock — didn’t address the scandal as he took to the microphone. Instead, Smith focused on his role in “Emancipation,” a historical drama in which he plays a runaway slave in 1860s Louisiana. “’Emancipation’ was the most individual difficult film of my entire career,” Smith declared. “It’s really difficult to transport a modern mind to that time period. It’s difficult to imagine that, that level of inhumanity.” Smith recalled his experiences shooting the movie, referencing the fact that a white co-star spat on his chest during a brutal scene between their two characters. “I just held in that moment, and there was a part — it makes me teary right now — there was a part of me that was grateful that I got to really understand,” the star said, saying it made connected him to his character in a visceral way. He went on to thank Apple, alluding that the project’s budget was a topic of issue. “The budget was another thing. And Apple never flinched. It was the first time I had heard from a studio that the story was more important than how much it costs to get it done, so then we added some more stuff that we wanted,” he stated. “Emancipation’s” director, Antoine Fuqua, was also honored with the Beacon Award and appeared on stage with Smith. “The Beacon Award is intended to highlight films that are tackling challenging subjects with insight, enlightening, as well as engaging the audience,” the filmmaker stated at the event, according to the Hollywood Reporter. He  added: “It was our hope that ‘Emancipation,’ that it would be able to bring Peter’s triumphant story and unwavering faith and his deep love for his family to life.” Rock, 58, will address the slap drama on his upcoming Netflix special “Selective Outrage,” airing on March 4. A source told Page Six earlier this week that “the comedian is waiting to spill his humorous take on it” in the stand-up show. In January, Rock did a show in Charleston, SC, to help prepare for the streamer’s special. According to the Wall Street Journal, Rock spoke about the smackdown tot he audience. “The thing people want to know . . . did it hurt? Hell yeah, it hurt,” he said. “I got hit so hard I heard ‘Summertime’ ringing in my ears,” he added, referencing one of Smith’s songs.