The New York Post breaks down the latest Detroit Lions promo codes and betting offers for betting the franchise during the 2022 NFL season. All the offers listed on this page can be used for all the Lions games, meaning you are able to claim at any time throughout the season. However, many sportsbooks will offer specific promotions on the Detroit Lions, for their biggest games during the campaign. At this time, there are no specific Detroit Lions promotions or offers available, so be sure to check back here ahead of the upcoming Lions games. Caesars Sportsbook is offering a fantastic promotion to kick off the NFL season in style for new customers. You are able to bet $1,250 risk-free on the Lions, by signing up to Caesars Sportsbook using the promo code NPBONUSFULL. A fantastic risk-free first sports bet on the Lions, up to $1,000 is available to new customers. By using the BetMGM bonus code NPBONUS, new customers can take advantage of this amazing offer and get involved in betting on the Lions. This means that if your wager wins, you keep all of the winnings, but even if it loses, you will get your entire stack back as free bets. BetMGM’s sign-up offer is one of the most competitive out there, providing new customers with a great welcome to life with BetMGM. The FanDuel new customer promo code allows new customers to claim a juicy sum of $150 in free bets. Simply place any $5 sports wager at odds of -200 or more, and regardless of the outcome, you’ll receive $150 in free bets. This ultimately means you can wager $5 on the Lions, without having to worry about the outcome, and receive $150 in free bets. FanDuel sportsbook’s new customer offer is one of the easiest to claim, and that’s why it is one of our favorites. Online sports betting became legal in Michigan in January 2021, allowing residents to bet on the Lions from their phone, tablet, or PC. This followed the launch of retail sports betting in the Great Lakes State, which had begun in March 2020. In April 2022, Eagle Casino and Sports became the newest member of the Michigan online sportsbook world, meaning Michigan is operating at its full capacity of 15 online sports betting providers. This is one of the largest number of sportsbooks in a single fans, giving you plenty of opportunities to wager on the Lions. Online sports betting in New York launched in early 2022, just in time for Super Bowl 56. The upcoming NFL season marks the first season in which folks in the Empire State can bet on the Lions. Although there are physical books at the Meadowlands near Metlife Stadium, the best way to wager on the Lions in New York is with an online sports betting site. New York has a number of fantastic sports betting sites with super bonus offers, which all take wagers on the NFL. The FanDuel Sportsbook new customer offer does not require a promo code, or one of our favorites is the PointsBet Sign-Up Offer which contains one of the most lucrative bonuses in the USA. The newest way to wager on the Lions is through sports betting apps. These apps bring the action right to your fingertips, allowing you to place your bets on the go, from wherever you are. Whether you’re at the game, watching in a bar, or sitting at home, you are able to wager on the Lions on some fantastic mobile betting apps. Signing up for a new sportsbook account using a promo code can be a little confusing, especially as some sportsbooks do not require a bonus code when signing up. The New York Post’s football experts have been previewing each NFL team’s 2022 NFL season with intimate detail. Get some expert picks and analysis, including some futures bets for the Lions this year. Detroit Lions ML: 9-8 Detroit Lions ATS: 12-4-1 Detroit Lions Over/Under record:10-7 The Lions’ official sportsbook partner is WynnBET. As part of the deal Wynn provide betting at Ford Field through the WynnBet Sports Bar.