New York Post readers can get their hands on up to $1,000 in bonus bets on BetMGM Sportsbook with bonus code NPBONUS. BetMGM’s new customer offer lets users make an initial wager up to $1,000, and if the bet loses, they would still get that same amount back in bet credits, aka bonus bets. Click the link below to find out more about BetMGM’s offer before Kevin Durant’s Phoenix Suns debut against the Hornets in Charlotte on Wednesday night. Not an NBA fan? Don’t worry, this offer works for any sport on BetMGM. The bonus code NPBONUS allows new BetMGM users to get up to $1,000 in bonus bets. Let’s say a bettor makes a $150 bet that ends up losing – they would still get back $150 in bet credits with the bonus code. This works for any amount up to $1,000. Inexperienced bettors can use the BetMGM bonus code to start betting without the fear of losing money. Suns fans everywhere have today’s game circled on their calendar because it is the first time they will see Kevin Durant play in a Phoenix uniform. Durant makes his Suns debut tonight in Charlotte against the Hornets. With Durant in action, Phoenix is listed as a 10-point favorite on BetMGM and I think the Suns cover that spread. The addition of Durant to the lineup should increase the offensive firepower of a Phoenix team that already has Devin Booker, Chris Paul, and Deandre Ayton. The Suns were already a good team without KD and adding him into the fold will make them even better. Durant’s first test with Phoenix will be a Charlotte team that is actually playing pretty well, even though its season as a whole has been dreadful. The Hornets have won five in a row to improve to 20-43, but their run of good vibes came to an end Tuesday when it was reported that star point guard LaMelo Ball will miss the rest of the season with a broken ankle. If the Suns had to go up against a red-hot Charlotte team with Ball, it would be hard to see them pulling off a double-digit road victory, but unfortunately Ball won’t be on the court. With that in mind, take the Suns to cover on BetMGM with bonus code NPBONUS. New and existing players. Must be 21+. AZ, CO, DC, IA, IL, IN, KS, LA, MD, MI, NJ, TN, VA, PA, WV, WY only. Full T&C apply.. One of the easiest ways to get yourself a load of bet credits is through BetMGM’s very generous “refer a friend” scheme. BetMGM allows bettors to refer up to 20 friends, with both getting a $50 bonus. Your friend will need to make their first deposit and place their $50 bonus on any sport at odds of -200 or greater in order for you to claim your bonus. For Ohio: 21+ and present in OH. Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER.