Tom Brady isn’t looking to repeat last year’s retirement saga — especially with the addition of new four-legged friends. One day after NFL Network’s Rich Eisen floated the idea that the former Buccaneers quarterback “might not be done” playing, Brady took to Twitter on Tuesday to dismiss rumors he’s coming out of retirement once again. “Anyone who thinks I have time to come back to the NFL has never adopted a 2 month old kitten for their daughter,” Brady said of his 10-year-old daughter Vivian, whom he shares with ex-wife Gisele Bündchen. February marked a busy month for Brady, who confirmed he was calling it a career after 23 seasons in the NFL. The seven-time Super Bowl champion initially announced his retirement in February 2022 but walked back on that decision a month later. Brady, 45, spent the final year of his playing career with the Buccaneers while also grappling with the fallout of his divorce from Bündchen, 42. The couple finalized their split in October after 13 years of marriage and also share 13-year-old son Benjamin. In the weeks following his most recent retirement announcement, Brady debuted the two kittens he adopted in an Instagram Story. “Vivi wins again,” Brady captioned a clip that featured the felines play-fighting. “This is what my mornings are like now. They are in good, loving hands,” he continued. Although Brady has been savoring family time in the wake of his second NFL retirement, some within the community have speculated if the quarterback is truly done playing. When recapping his experience at last week’s NFL Scouting Combine, Eisen noted on his show Monday that Brady was a hot topic in Indianapolis. “This one just blew my mind: Tom Brady might not be done after all,” Eisen said. “A couple people were just like, ‘Hang on, just you wait.’ And I was like, ‘He’s Instagramming out pictures of his cat.’ But it doesn’t look like he’s getting big and fat, does it? Let it play out. Let’s see who wants what.” Eisen then noted, “The one place that folks are saying to keep an eye out for is Miami.” Brady was previously linked to the Dolphins. MiamI was punished by the NFL in August following a tampering investigation on the matter. Elsewhere on Tuesday, Colin Cowherd said he spoke to a trustworthy source who echoed a similar sentiment about Brady wanting to suit up again. “Somebody I trust outside of this building at Fox told me a couple of weeks ago, they said, ‘I don’t think Brady’s going to be a broadcaster anytime soon, I think he wants to play,'” Cowherd said on “The Herd.” Interestingly enough, Brady appeared on Cowherd’s show in early February and revealed he would be sliding into the Fox Sports booth as their lead NFL analyst in the fall of 2024. Brady signed a monster 10-year, $375 million contract with Fox last spring.