MIAMI — It really is starting to feel like the late 1990s around these Knicks. On Friday night, two days after coach Tom Thibodeau said this group is giving him fond flashbacks to those memorable days, the Knicks pulled out a dramatic last-second victory over the Heat that was reminiscent of the two teams’ battles more than two decades ago. Julius Randle pulled an Allan Houston, drilling an off-balance, left-corner step-back 3-pointer with 1.1 seconds left to give the Knicks a wild 122-120 win at Miami-Dade Arena, their eighth straight victory. “Fate,” Randle said with a smirk, when asked about the shot. “It felt good honestly when it left my hand. I was in the zone I guess.” As the Knicks (38-27) celebrated the shot, Randle accidentally knocked Thibodeau to the floor for the coach’s first charge of his career. In the jubilant locker room afterwards, Thibodeau pointed out that only super-sub Immanuel Quickley helped him up. “He’s a little mad at me right now,” Randle joked after his 43-point explosion. “I need to talk to him.” After Randle’s shot, Mitchell Robinson stole the inbound pass on the other end, and the large contingent of Knicks fans made it sound like Madison Square Garden South, celebrating the team’s 13th victory in its last 17 games. The win enabled the Knicks to pull within one game of the fourth-place Cavaliers in the Eastern Conference, and 3.5 games behind the third-place 76ers. It also marked their second eight-game winning streak this year, the first time in franchise history that has happened since the 1972-73 season — the last time the Knicks won a championship. “We have a special group and it’s about taking it day by day, step by step,” Randle said. Jalen Brunson added 25 points and eight assists despite turning his right ankle late in the third quarter and Quickley chipped in 21 off the bench for the Knicks, who nearly blew a 17-point first half lead. Jimmy Butler had 33 points, eight rebounds and five assists for the Heat (33-31). Randle’s shot capped his fourth 40-point outing of the season, which included eight made 3-pointers while he was defended by Butler and Bam Adebayo. It was an incredible shot, given the situation. On the previous possession, Randle lost the ball, and Tyler Herro (29 points) gave the Heat a 120-119 lead with a driving layup. Randle got the ball along the left wing, and had it poked away momentarily by Butler. He retrieved it, then sank the rainbow 3-pointer as he fell sideways out of bounds. Knicks players danced around the court as Randle jogged back to the bench, both his arms raised triumphantly. “If you did that play 100 times, 99 times out of that it’s going to end up in our favor,” Heat coach Erik Spoelstra said. “That’s just crazy unfortunate luck on our part and good fortunate for them. He made a heckuva shot.” “He just went crazy today,” added RJ Barrett, who scored 17 points. “When you’re in a mode like that and you’re just making shots like that, the basket just gets bigger. We needed it, for sure.” From his spot on the bench, Barrett was certain the shot was going in. “He had 40 already,” Barrett said. Throughout the eight-game winning streak, the Knicks have rarely needed to wait until the final seconds for the game to be decided. Five of the wins have come by at least 15 points. Two of the victories, over the Wizards and Jazz, were comfortable wins by single digits. This was different. The Knicks blew a big lead. They trailed in the final seconds. It didn’t matter. They won anyway to continue the ongoing immaculate vibes with the most improbable shot of what is quickly turning into a special season. “Unbelievable,” Thibodeau said.