An Illinois mom has been found dead of multiple gunshot wounds after she failed to pick up her three kids from school — and police Wednesday raided the home of her estranged husband. The bullet-riddled body of Rebecca Bliefnick, 41, was discovered by a relative on Feb. 23 inside her home at 2528 Kentucky Road in Quincy, a city of about 40,000 people southwest of Chicago, WGEM reported. The family member went to check on her after she failed to pick up her three children from St. Peter School, according to the Muddy River News. Police arrived at the crime scene at 3:23 p.m. and were joined by a member of the Adams County State Attorney’s Office. On Wednesday, investigators descended on the home of her estranged husband, Tim Bliefnick, 39, at 1641 Hampshire St., where they served a search warrant and temporarily detained a person, KHQA reported. It was unclear who was held briefly before being released. “The information learned and evidence gathered over the last six days has led us to this point in our investigation,” Police Chief Adam Yates said, according to the outlet. “During a criminal investigation, it is not unusual to obtain and serve numerous search warrants for a variety of reasons,” he said. “Search warrants are a normal part of the investigative process. Our detectives will allow the information and evidence to guide them as they continue to investigate,” the chief added. Officials said no one has been arrested yet and police have not submitted an arrest warrant through the Adams County State’s Attorney’s Office. On Monday night, Yates addressed the city council and asked for the public’s patience during the ongoing investigation, the Herald Review reported. “I have been outspoken about the importance of transparency in law enforcement. It is something I believe in very strongly,” he said. “Regarding cases like this, however, I make no apologies for being tight-lipped,” the chief said. “I take the integrity of a homicide investigation seriously.” Yates added: “We do not talk about crime details, specific investigative techniques, or theories about what happened. I will do my best to keep you informed, but I will not compromise this investigation.” The investigation includes eight detectives, three investigative supervisors, an investigator with the Illinois State Police, and attorneys with the Adams County State’s Attorney’s Office, he said. “We are fortunate to live in a community where violent crime such as this is rare,” Yates said. “When it happens, it is devastating. Nothing I say here tonight will put our community at ease. Making an arrest in this case is the only way to do that. We are working very hard to make that happen. This investigation is our highest priority.” After Bliefnick was found dead, the chief said: “Our thoughts and prayers are with the victim’s family as they process this tragedy. “Crimes of this nature are rare in Quincy; when they occur, they shake the entire community. Our officers and detectives will utilize every resource available to bring justice for the victim,” he added. The couple, who have three sons together, are understood to have married in 2009, but at the time of her death were going through divorce proceedings, according to the Daily Mail. According to court records cited by the outlet, the couple split in February 2021 and lived separately.