Sex trafficking suspect Andrew Tate is trying to get sprung from jail and allowed to travel to Dubai so he can receive treatment for what his legal teams says is a tumor on his lung, a report said. The self-proclaimed misogynist wants the freedom to consult with his Dubai doctors for what he claims is a “dark spot on his lung,” his team told the Daily Mail Friday. Tate has reportedly been receiving treatment since before his Dec. 29 arrest on charges of allegedly running an organized gang involved in sexual exploitation, human trafficking and rape. His team says doctors in the Middle Eastern kingdom believe the spot on his upper right lung could be indicative of a carcinoid tumor — a rare type of slow-growing cancer, the report said The lawyers have asked Romanian judges to release the conservative social media influencer so he could travel to Dubai for treatment of the ailment — however, officials in Romania turned him down, ruling he could continue receiving treatment in the Eastern European nation, sources said. “As he could not be monitored by his chosen medical team in Dubai, it meant he was taken to a Romanian local clinic whilst in detention,” a spokesperson for Tate told the outlet. “No official diagnosis has been confirmed and he is in good shape and is staying strong. His doctors have requested that he returns to Dubai for further testing. Andrew has not demanded this. “This is not a health issue to be taken lightly and all due diligence is being made to make sure he gets the best medical care that is available to him.” A representative for Tate did not immediately respond to a request for comment by The Post. Tate and his brother Tristian are accused of seducing women by pretending they wanted to pursue a relationship before forcing them to produce pornographic content, which they would boast about on social media. While behind bars, Tate threatened a $300 million lawsuit against one woman who accused him of rape and human trafficking if she didn’t drop her accusations against the brothers. The duo has tried several times to be released from prison. In one instance, a judge ordered them to remain behind bars because of the “particular dangerousness of the defendants” and their capacity to identify victims “with an increased vulnerability, in search of better life opportunities.” They lost their most recent appeal to be freed Monday after a judge extended their detention until at least March 29.