Raleigh, NC just became the hottest hip-hop destination in America overnight. Dreamville Fest curator and perennial headliner J. Cole announced that Drake, Usher, Burna Boy, Lil Durk and Ari Lennox will be joining him on April 1-2 for his annual two-day festival at Dorothea Dix Park. Other notable names on the star-studded bill include City Girls, Sean Paul, Summer Walker, GloRilla and Mario. Plus, Wacka Flocka Flame will be there too. Clearly, this is a fest you won’t want to miss. And the good news is you can grab two-day general admission passes to the highly-anticipated festival as early as today. At the time of publication, we found passes going for as low as $316 before fees on Vivid Seats. For those hoping for a more glamorous experience, the “JV,” “Varsity” and “MVP” ticket tiers are a bit more expensive but offer amenities like a dedicated VIP entrance, viewing area, bar, restrooms, laminates as well as hats and bandanas among other perks. If you “started from the bottom” of this story, keep reading. We’ve got a lot more to fill you in on below. The festival takes place Saturday, April 1 and Sunday, April 2 at Dorothea Dix Park in Raleigh, NC. On day one of the fest, Usher will handle headlining duties. Expect huge sets from Lil Durk, Ari Lennox, City Girls, Sean Paul and Earthgang as well. Day two brings J. Cole to the stage with Drake to close the two-day affair. Drake will join Cole “as a special guest” for the set according to a press release. Their co-headlining spot will feature “a medley of hits from each of their chart-topping catalogs, which collectively have come to define the sound of a generation.” Burna Boy, Summer Walker, J.I.D., GloRilla and Wacka Flocka Flame round out Sunday’s list of performers. The performers listed above aren’t the only acts tapped to play Dreamville this year. Below, you’ll find a poster that includes all acts on the exciting 2023 lineup. Looking to book a last-minute flight and hotel reservations? We’ve got a few solutions to your newfound problem below. Search for the best prices on Skyscanner: Find the best deals from all airlines with flexible dates and multiple options for departure cities. Search for the best prices on Expedia: Expedia does a great job comparing airlines and packages side-by-side, with a calendar of booking dates and alternative airports. Although we haven’t gotten a J. Cole or Drake tour announcement yet this year, many of the biggest names in the game have plans to take their hits all over the country this year. Here are just five of our favorite, can’t miss hip-hop stars on tour in 2023. • Wu-Tang Clan with Nas • Lil Wayne • Legendz of the Streetz with Rick Ross • A Boogie Wit Da Hoodie • Future Looking for other types of music too? Check out our list of the 52 biggest concert tours in 2023 here.