Calvin Ridley will be back on the field in 2023. The Jacksonville Jaguars receiver was suspended all of last season for violating the NFL’s gambling policy as a member of the Atlanta Falcons. “Today’s reinstatement by the NFL brings an end to a challenging chapter of my professional career, one that was self-inflicted and began with an isolated lapse in judgement,” Ridley said in a statement. “I have always owned my mistakes and this is no different. I have great respect for the game and am excited for the opportunity to restart my career in Jacksonville.” “I look forward to showing my new coaches, teammates, and the entire Jaguars organization exactly who I am and what I represent as a player and person.” Ridely received his one-year ban on March 7, 2022 after the league found he had placed bets on NFL games over a five-day span while he was away from the team. Among his bets was a reported parlay that included the Falcons winning, placed out of state via mobile device. Ridley tweeted after the suspension he had placed $1,500 in total bets. The 28-year-old quickly became a rising star with the Falcons after being drafted in the first round in 2018. He posted 248 receptions for 3,342 yards and 28 touchdowns in 49 games for Atlanta, playing his final game on Oct. 24, 2021, stepping away from the team to “focus on my mental wellbeing.” The Falcons traded him to Jacksonville on Nov. 1, despite his suspension. Ridley now joins an up-and-coming offense that features quarterback Trevor Lawrence throwing passes to Christian Kirk and Zay Jones, with Travis Etienne taking over as the lead rusher last season. The Jaguars made the playoffs for the first time since 2017 last season, overcoming a 27-0 deficit against the Chargers for a historic wild-card round win. Adding Ridley to the mix will only make Jacksonville more dangerous and ups the stakes in Jacksonville considerably. “Calvin is a proven playmaker and we are excited to see him compete among and with his new teammates, first during our Offseason Program in April and ultimately into the 2023 season, as we collectively pursue a championship for Jacksonville,” the team said in a statement.