The Issue: Screenshots of anti-white messages allegedly sent by DOE superintendent Marion Wilson. If these allegations are found to be true, this ignorant, racist buffoon should be put out to pasture (“White whine,” March 5). If, on the other hand, it turns out to be a smear campaign, those responsible should be penalized accordingly. New York City schools are finding it difficult to educate our children to begin with and do not need racist administrators making things more complicated. Another reason to leave New York City. Jerry Chiappetta Monticello There had to be signs of Staten Island Superintendent Marion Wilson’s alleged hateful nature and bias before she was hired. The bigger question is: How do deplorables wind up in positions of power over children? We need more charter schools, where education trumps agendas and personal vendettas. Kathryn Donnelly Queens If it isn’t the Rubber Room or poor performance on tests, it’s something else. Now, it’s a superintendent who is accused of threatening and showing total hatred for whites. Who appointed this person? I am sure there are many more totally qualified individuals who don’t see color but want the best for the kids. Lee Fleischman Stamford, Conn. It will be interesting to see what action, if any, the Department of Education takes against Wilson if the texts attributed to her are really hers. Were she a white superintendent, she would be suspended during an investigation and would be canceled. Her career as an educator would be over, and protestors would circle her home. Not likely to happen here, though. We can expect many more instances of anti-white racism in the years to come, so long as the progressive left controls city politics. Robert Mangi Westbury Marion Wilson needs to be put on immediate suspension while being investigated for racism at the workplace. I am tired of the double standards. If this was the other way around, and the superintendent was white, there would be calls for her immediate firing. Lance Lovejoy Maspeth The Issue: A fire started by an e-bike on Sunday that damaged a grocery store and injured seven people. The best thing Fire Commissioner Laura Kavanagh can do is convince Mayor Adams and the City Council to ban e-bikes and their lithium-ion batteries from New York City until they’re proven safe (“E-bike fire guts Bx. store,” March 6). How many people have to die or buildings have to burn down until something is done? This, Kavanagh, is what you should be doing: saving lives, not advancing your political career. Kenny Knapp The Bronx E-bikes are a danger to pedestrians on sidewalks, especially when they disregard rules of the road in traffic and in bike lanes. Forget warnings about battery charging and the sale of cheap replacement batteries, as they will never stop. E-bikes need to be completely banned from our streets, and users need to go back to pedaling. Susan Forman Manhattan Yet another fire in the city as a result of a lithium-ion battery. This one took out a supermarket in The Bronx. The city was in such a rush to “go green” with e-bikes and e-scooters and shove this green agenda down everyone’s throat. Yet once again, these doomsdayers have created a larger problem. And, of course, no one will admit he was wrong and that more time is needed to figure out these batteries. Rob Cerone, Manhattan Want to weigh in on today’s stories? Send your thoughts (along with your full name and city of residence) to letters@nypost.com. Letters are subject to editing for clarity, length, accuracy and style.