Uptown Girls, Piano Men and Gold Dust Women, your time has finally come. Billy Joel and Stevie Nicks’ long-awaited nine-concert ‘Two Icons, One Night Tour’ will finally launch on Friday, March 10 at Inglewood, CA’s SoFi Stadium. From there, the co-headliners head to stadiums in Arlington, TX on April 8, Nashville, TN on May 19, Philadelphia, PA on June 16, Columbus, OH on Aug. 5, Kansas City, MO on Aug. 19. They’ll wrap the year up with fall gigs in Foxborough, MA on Sept. 23, Baltimore, MD on Oct. 7 and Minneapolis, MN on Nov. 10. Amazingly, some tickets to see the Rock and Roll Hall of Famers are going for fairly cheap prices considering how much star power Billy Joel and Stevie Nicks will bring to the table at each and every one of their shows. At the time of publication, we found some seats going for as low as $86 before fees on Vivid Seats. When else will you get to see Joel and Nicks together live — and for less than $100? We’re guessing this is a true once-in-a-lifetime, reasonably-priced moment you won’t want to miss. Especially since those tickets are more affordable than some of Joel and Nicks’ solo concerts this year. With that being said, we’ve done the homework and found out everything you need to know about the tour below. A complete calendar of all Joel and Nicks co-headlining concerts including dates, venues and the cheapest tickets available for each show can be found below. (Note: The New York Post confirmed all above prices at the publication time. All prices are subject to fluctuation and include additional fees at checkout.) Vivid Seats is a verified secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand. They offer a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and your tickets will be delivered prior to the event. As always, Billy Joel will continue his longstanding Madison Square Garden residency well into 2023. Below, you’ll find all the best ticket prices on the 73-year-old legend’s MSG dates (as well as one overseas show in Great Britain as well). Nicks, 74, isn’t going to let Joel be the only act on tour strike out on his own this year. Rather than take it easy, the former Fleetwood Mac singer will headline over 20 concerts all by her lonesome in 2023. We’ve compiled a list of where and when you can see her — and for how much. Rockers from the ’70s and ’80s are all the rage this year. While there are literally dozens on the road these next few months, we’ve whittled our list down to our five favorite that you won’t want to miss live in 2023. • Bruce Springsteen and the E Street Band • Dead and Company featuring John Mayer • ZZ Top with Lynyrd Skynyrd • Journey • Jimmy Buffett Need more options? Check out our list of the 22 biggest classic rockers on tour in 2023 here.