Derrick Henry is the latest NFL star that could be on the move. In the midst of a painful rebuild, the Titans reportedly began shopping their top offensive asset in an attempt to gauge his market value. CBS Sports reported Tuesday morning that Tennessee is not in fact actively shopping Henry, but as of Tuesday afternoon, PointsBet Sportsbook was still offering odds on his next team. Now we are left to figure out where Henry fits in as the offseason kicks into gear. Information-based sports betting markets are always interesting to follow. Typically a book will put out odds, and then money will come in on a given side which could point towards momentum going in that direction. That doesn’t necessarily mean that someone is betting on this market with direct knowledge of negotiations or talks of a trade. And bettors following steam in a given direction with the assumption that there is insider trading going on is an extremely dangerous game to play. Often, the limits on these markets is so minuscule that no one in the right mind would risk anything of value to win a few hundred dollars. Regardless, reporters like Ian Rapoport and Adam Schefter are worth following on television appearances and on Twitter to see where things are trending. As of Tuesday, the odds are offering enough value on the Bears (+800) and Bills (+500) to a place a wager on them to acquire “King Henry.” The Dolphins and Bengals are co-favorites, dealing at 4 to 1. It is essential to mention that in the event that Henry is not moved, all bets would be voided. However, the Titans would save $6 million in cap space by moving their star running back, and Tennessee has already moved on from Robert Woods and Taylor Lewan in cost-cutting moves. The case for the Bears is quite simple. They are expected to have tons of assets at their disposal once they trade the No. 1 overall draft pick in the 2023 NFL Draft. At which point, they will likely cash in some of those assets to acquire some playmakers to aid Justin Fields this season. Among those available playmakers are Henry, DeAndre Hopkins, and Brandin Cooks. The Bills at +500 is a fine bet as well. Buffalo has been in win-now mode since they acquired Von Miller last off-season. The disappointing end of the 2022 season for the Bills makes it all the more likely that they will bring in more impact players in an attempt to get over the hump.