Former NBA guard Anthony Morrow, who spent two seasons with the Nets in 2010-11 and 2011-12, was charged last month with assault by strangulation, second-degree kidnapping, assault on a female and communicating threats, according to the Mecklenburg County Sheriff’s Office inmate log. Morrow was arrested and committed to jail on Feb. 10. He was released less than two days later, per his inmate log. His bond was $15,000, according to the Associated Press. Mecklenburg is a county in North Carolina, and Morrow was born in Charlotte — and attended Charlotte Latin School — before the 37-year-old went to Georgia Tech and later embarked on his NBA career. According to WSOC-TV Channel 9, a local news station in Charlotte, Morrow allegedly strangled the victim — who he was dating at the time, the station reported — during the domestic violence incident and was “squeezing her neck with his hands,” leading to “scratches on the right side of her neck, a cut lip, and abrasions on her forehead.” Morrow allegedly also struck the victim “multiple times with his fist,” according to the documents for his arrest warrant obtained by WSOC-TV. The domestic violence incident allegedly occurred at the victim’s Uptown Charlotte apartment, according to WSOC-TV. Morrow’s lawyer denied the allegations in a statement to the station on Friday. “He has faith in our justice system and has every confidence that a review of the evidence will reveal that he is not guilty,” Morrow’s lawyer told the news station. Morrow played nine seasons in the NBA after signing as an undrafted player with the Warriors following his collegiate career at Georgia Tech. He spent time with the Warriors, Nets, Hawks, Mavericks, Pelicans, Thunder, Bulls and the Trail Blazers, though he never played a game with Portland once the team waived him during the 2017-18 preseason. He started a career-best 47 games with the Nets in 2010-11. WSOC-TV Channel 9 also reported that Morrow had previously returned home to Charlotte following the conclusion of his NBA career.