A Maryland mom allegedly assaulted a 12-year-old girl she accused of bullying her daughter — after she was buzzed into the school and made a beeline for the student. Kelly Sadik, 41, gained entry into Aberdeen Middle School about 8:15 a.m. Tuesday by using the intercom, but instead of going to the office, she headed to a classroom along with her daughter, police told WBAL-TV. “A verbal confrontation ensued. [Sadik] at one point placed their hands on the child, grabbing them in an effort to continue the conversation,” Capt. Will Reiber told WJZ. “Ultimately, a teacher was able to intervene,” he added. Sgt. Jason Neidig said Sadik left “a pretty nice-sized red mark and bruise” on the girl’s arm. Her father, Charles Bates, said he was shocked when he got a call from the school about the incident. “The biggest concern was how quickly she got into the school, she bypassed the office, and then she got a direction location of where my daughter was,” Bates told WBAL. “She could have had a weapon. She could have had anything. That’s the most frightening part about it,” he said. Sadik was charged with second-degree assault and trespassing. Harford County Public Schools said safety measures are in place for visitors, and that school staff reacted quickly when Sadik broke protocol.“We vet folks that are coming into our schools. Protocol was followed today by our staff. Unfortunately, we had a parent that decided to break protocol,” safety and security chief Donoven Brooks told the outlet. “Fortunately, we had staff members who immediately identified, through their vigilance, and just knowing the building — that there was something that was not right and immediately stepped in to take action,” he added. The attacked girl’s grandmother, Judy Kibler, told WJZ that her granddaughter also has been bullied at the school. “It’s not just my granddaughter I’m concerned about, I’m concerned about all these kids,” she said. “If [the school or school district is] doing something, tell us what you’re doing. I’ve asked that question so many times.” Reiber said his agency hasn’t had issues with school security protocols. “By and large, the protocols that are put in place by the schools are set to deter people from doing this,” he said. “This is the first that I can think of where we’ve had to go in for something where a parent came and confronted a child.” He urged parents whose kids are struggling with issues like bullying or harassment at school to contact the administration.