A New Jersey home built for Macy’s heir Herbert Straus in the 1920s listed for $1.3 million — but the offering didn’t last long for sale. An offer has been submitted and the spread is currently in contract to a new owner for the first time since 1953, The Post has learned. Straus’s father, Macy’s co-owner and US Congressman Isidor Straus, perished on the Titanic with his wife, Ida, who refused a seat in a lifeboat to remain at her husband’s side while the ship sunk. Originally built on 143 acres, the estate — located in Middletown — has since been converted into a unique dairy barn. Now standing on 13 acres, the property, known as Cobble Close Farm, features four private residences in the French Norman style built with materials transported from Europe — including stucco and ceramic tile. The property is surrounded by fountains, gardens, a pool and lawns bordered by Greco-Roman statues, and an orangery Spanning 2,800 square feet, the dairy barn features a solarium, a parlor, a dining room and an adjacent three-bedroom apartment. Across all properties, the offering spans 4,950 square feet. Other features include a high-ceiling great room with exposed beams, three fireplaces, two garages, a finished basement, and three private and walled gardens. The living room overlooks the cobblestoned courtyard. Meanwhile, the primary bedroom features its own walled courtyard, and comes with a fountain and lounge chairs. One one side of the estate is the Navesink Country Club. On the other are horse stables and pastures made for trail riding. The property has been featured in number of movies, according to the listing, and has appeared in many ads including those for Brooks Brothers, Victoria’s Secret, and fashion magazines such as Vogue, the listing notes. “I am so excited to bring such a unique piece of history to the market,” listing agent Katherine Raftery at Resources Real Estate said in a statement. “This is truly a rare opportunity – the setting and architecture are something that must be seen to fully appreciate.” “The property is ‘farm accessed’ and generates income from the sale of farm goods. Moreover, added income comes from leasing property to Navesink Country Club,” the listing adds. The home is 10-minute drive to some prime beaches.