New York Post readers can get their hands on up to $1,000 in bonus bets on BetMGM Sportsbook with the BetMGM bonus code NPBONUS. BetMGM’s new customer offer lets you make your first wager up to $1,000, and if the bet loses, you would still get that same amount back in bet credits, aka bonus bets. Click the button below to learn more about BetMGM’s offer ahead of Warriors vs. Clippers on Thursday night in San Francisco. This offer works for any sport if you don’t want to bet the NBA. The bonus code NPBONUS allows new BetMGM users to claim up to $1,000 in bonus bets. If you were to make a $150 losing bet – you would still get back $150 in bet credits with the bonus code. This works for any amount up to $1,000. The new customer offer from BetMGM is a great way for inexperienced bettors to ease into the sports betting world. Thursday’s NBA schedule wraps up in the Bay Area with the Golden State Warriors hosing the Los Angeles Clippers. BetMGM Sportsbook favors the Warriors by 2.5 points, but I think the Clippers are the play here. Los Angeles is due for a win and is capable of beating a Golden State team that is missing Steph Curry. The Clippers enter tonight’s matchup on a three-game losing skid, but two of those losses were overtime defeats to the Kings and Nuggets. Kawhi Leonard and Paul George have both played well in their recent losing streak, and if they keep it up, then Los Angeles should be able to successfully attack the Warriors’ defensive weaknesses. Golden State certainly won’t be an easy out, especially with how Klay Thompson has played as of late, but I think the Clippers pull away to win and cover. If you also think LA covers, use bonus code NPBONUS to take the Clippers on BetMGM. New and existing players. Must be 21+. AZ, CO, DC, IA, IL, IN, KS, LA, MD, MI, NJ, TN, VA, PA, WV, WY only. Full T&C apply.. One of the easiest ways to get yourself a load of bet credits is through BetMGM’s very generous “refer a friend” scheme. BetMGM allows bettors to refer up to 20 friends, with both getting a $50 bonus. Your friend will need to make their first deposit and place their $50 bonus on any sport at odds of -200 or greater in order for you to claim your bonus. For Ohio: 21+ and present in OH. Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER.