A teacher-turned-amateur nude model describes how she uses her classroom experience to cash in on her lewd OnlyFans account. Sarah Seales, a 41-year-old former fifth-grade instructor from Indiana, says she’s already made a small fortune by having her X-rated adult content play “into the teacher fantasy that many of my fans seem to have. “I do this by offering exclusive report cards where I rate their manhood and give ‘Miss Sarah’ stickers to loyal fans,” said Seales, who goes by the OnlyFans name Sarah Juree, to Business Insider in an article published Sunday. Seales — a blond single mom whose former students called her “Buttercup” — was fired from the federally funded Starbase science academy in South Bend in June after officials found out she was posing nude on the subscription site. The ex-teacher of 20 years said she raked in $17,000 in her first month with OnlyFans. She ended up earning a total of $58,000 within six months, or more than her annual $51,000 teacher’s salary, the outlet said. The woman once tasked with explaining science, technology, engineering and math careers to young students said she “found a niche” with her hot-for-teacher concept. In addition to the “report cards” and “teacher” stickers she hands out to paying fans, “I primarily sell nude photos and explicit videos behind a paywall as well as video chats,” Seales said. “I sell my panties, too.” The ex-teacher she was exposed as a online temptress within days after posting on the site. She said she first decided to take the jump into X-rated content to emulate a friend who raked in $10,000 in a month on OnlyFans. “Last June, I tried [it] out during the summer vacation. Within a few days, my photos were copied and sent to my employer,” Seales said. “I was sent a termination letter, and my 20-year teaching career – and primary source of income – swiftly ended,” she said. “The most I’ve made in a month is $17,000, which happened right after I got fired. Since I was laid off, I’ve made a total of $75,000,” the ex-instructor said. “However, my income fluctuates, and I have months ranging from $3,000 to $10,000. I’ve still had to work very hard to make that much, as it involves a lot of marketing. I promote my OnlyFans page on social-media sites like Facebook.” Seales said she misses teaching kids about STEM opportunities at the Department of Defense-funded school, which officials expelled her from claiming the “immediate risk of harm to the reputation or business dealings” of the government facility. “I absolutely loved my teaching career,” she said. But she said the pay was so bad that she had to take up side hustles such as “teaching group exercise classes, Keto nutrition coaching, tutoring kids, a teeth whitening business, and designing shirts and mugs” to provide for her family. “I would teach all day and then work on one of my side hustles until I went to bed. I felt constantly stretched and overwhelmed with trying so hard that I’d often cry in the bathtub at night. My kids started calling me ‘sad mommy,'” Seales lamented. “I became increasingly depressed because of the financial stress. Then inflation went sky high – gas prices skyrocketed, my grocery bills doubled, and I became even more financially desperate.” Selling snaps of her skin has put her on the path to “financial abundance,” but the new gig is not without its downsides, she told the outlet. “After taking my kids to school, I spend most of my day responding to messages from fans, shooting and editing content and posting on the platform about four times a day. Fans pay $9.99 a month to view my content. I make it all and do all the admin work myself to keep costs to a minimum, including answering fans’ messages,” Seales said. “Being an OnlyFans model has largely been a positive experience, but I got dragged by a lot of Internet trolls who tried to humiliate and body-shame me after I was fired,” she said. “Some people would say I had cellulite or stretch marks, but I have worked hard at building up my confidence, so I don’t let them affect me.”  