The long wait for sports betting in Massachusetts finally came to an end yesterday when sports betting went live across the state. With so many new sports betting options, which sportsbook is the best for you? Massachusetts has approved six online sports betting companies, so you’ll have your pick to choose from. There is so much compelling sports happening too. College basketball conference tournaments are in full swing with Selection Sunday tomorrow, the NBA and NHL regular seasons are heating up as the playoffs near, and Spring Training is well underway in Florida and Arizona. Let’s take a look at the six best new customer offers available to Massachusetts sports bettors. BetMGM is well worth the top spot on this list and comes to the table with a great new customer offer that lets you get up to $1,000 back in bonus bets if your first bet loses. That means you’ll get refunded in bonus bets equal to whatever you lost, up to $1,000. You can access this offer by using bonus code NPBONUS when you sign up. Follow the link below learn more. WynnBet has an excellent offer, too, as it lets new customers in Massachusetts get $100 in bet credits with just a $100 bet after signing up. All you have to do is enter in the WynnBET promo code XNPBONUSMA for the chance to double your bankroll. Barstool is offering Massachusetts bettors a $1,000 new player bonus. This is similar to the offers from BetMGM and Caesars, because you get back the amount wagered on a losing bet up to $1,000. DraftKings also has an intriguing offer for Massachusetts sports bettors. The sportsbook will give new customers a 20 percent bonus on their initial deposit up to $1,000. You would have to deposit $5,000 to get the maximum bonus. With 10 games across the NBA tonight, there are plenty of good spots to use the BetMGM and Caesars offers. Let’s run through how to use them so you know what to do. If you win your first bet with the BetMGM promo code, you keep the winnings like its a normal bet and you can withdraw the money as soon as you’d like. But let’s say you lose your first bet. What happens then? If you were to sign up for BetMGM and place an initial wager for $300 that loses — you would still get back $300 in bet credits, aka bonus bets. The money that would have been lost in a losing bet instead gets transformed into bet credits that can be used for future bets. The max deposit amount for the BetMGM Massachusetts new customer offer is $1, 000, and it’s $1,500 for the Caesars Massachusetts new customer offer. If you or a loved one is experiencing problems with gambling, call (800)-327-5050 for 24/7 support. Terms and conditions at bet.WynnBET.com. Must be 21 or older to participate. Get set before you bet – talk to GameSense first! LiveChat @ GameSenseMA.com or call 1-800-GAM-1234.