One of tennis’ most unpredictable stars remains so, as Nick Kyrgios pulled out of Indian Wells and the Miami Open with yet another injury setback — the same one that plagued him at the Australian Open. After pulling out from Melbourne and the United Cup, the mercurial Aussie had his sights set on the American hard court season, but on Tuesday it was revealed that he is not fit to play. Last year, Kyrgios was a quarterfinalist at Indian Wells and made it to the fourth round in Miami. But in January he underwent knee surgery after his physiotherapist Will Maher revealed he had a cyst on his meniscus along with a tear in his left knee, and event organizers said Kyrgios still has more recovering to do. The world No. 19, Kyrgios had a breakout 2022 season after falling outside of the top 100 in 2021. He reached the Wimbledon final, won the Citi Open and made it to the quarterfinals at the U.S. Open. Yet, his season turned for the worse after he aggravated the knee in an exhibition match against Novak Djokovic a few days before his home country’s Grand Slam. “We used the charity event against Novak as a gauge to see if he could compete at that highest level,” Maher said. “He didn’t pull up great and he still tried to give himself every chance in the following days to have subsequent training.” Kyrgios was a favorite going into Australia after winning the men’s doubles title in 2021 with fellow Aussie Thanasi Kokkinakis. “I’m devastated obviously. It’s like my home tournament,” Kyrgios told reporters at Melbourne Park. “Honestly, I’m just exhausted from everything, and obviously pretty brutal. One of the most important tournaments of my career. It hasn’t been easy at all,” he added. Maher explained that the tennis star did everything he could to compete in Melbourne, but “it was clear that with each passing session he was getting sorer and sorer.” Looking ahead, Kyrgios will likely focus on the French Open, despite his lack of interest in the clay. He revealed last year his decision to play in the grand slam after a six-year absence from Roland Garros is because his girlfriend wants to visit Paris. The tournament would be his first ATP match since the Japan Open in October, where he reached the quarterfinals but pulled out with a left knee injury. By missing Indian Wells and Miami, Kyrgios lost 270 points that could have been defended this year, and if his injuries continue to weigh him down, he will continue to drop.