If you’ve been in your workout era (as we have been for months), pilates is a no-nonsense activity that helps you tone, strengthen muscles and, overall, feel good. Not to mention, if your at-home gym is fully loaded with a rowing machine and a treadmill (and, perhaps an elliptical and an exercise bike), then adding a quality pilates reformer to your repertoire is a solid idea. “A reformer is an apparatus that was invented by Joseph Pilates to help provide physical feedback and spring resistance and a moving mat called  ‘the carriage,’ which is set on wheels to assist students in ‘reforming’ their bodies in order to successfully practice Contrology —  the series of exercises created by Mr. Pilates that contemporary Pilates is derived from,” Kayla Prestel, owner of Feel Good Pilates in NYC and comprehensive certified pilates instructor for more than eight years, told the New York Post “His method of body conditioning precedes this invention and was long researched by his own experiences and he taught it daily for his camp of over 24,000 inmates during WW1 while he was stationed at Isle of Man for the duration of the war,” Lynda Gehrman, faculty for BASI pilates and owner/director of Physio Logic Pilates with more than 17 years of experience, told The Post. “He then designed the reformer and made his way to America.  He replaced his early design, which used a weight stack, with coiled springs and added handles so he could do rowing exercises.” To help you learn all there is to know about pilates reformers — including how to properly use one at home and top exercises to try — read through our in-depth FAQ section that’s filled with advice from the two pilates experts we turned to. Additionally, Prestel hand-picked best reformers on Amazon to add to your cart for a thoughtful health splurge. Dimensions: 48 x 18 x 9.5 inches “This is one of the sturdier in-home models, but due to the resistance cords (instead of springs), you will be limited to certain exercises and won’t be able to do the full system,” Prestel notes. Not to mention, this model is rated an Amazon’s Choice product and includes two regular black resistance cords, one red extra-heavy resistance cord and one yellow light resistance cord to make your versatile customizable to your workout preference. Dimensions: 77.5 x 28 x 27.3 inches This is a great choice for beginners as it has most of the features you find in a studio,” Prestel explains. “The foldable legs allow you to lower the reformer when not in use and you can store it upright and roll it to the wall on its wheels.” What’s great about this model isn’t just its more affordable price point but also that is backrest and shoulder blocks are made of high-performance, quality, breathable leather so you’ll feel comfortable while exercising. Dimensions: 94 x 25.5 x 15 inches “This is a great option for a studio-quality reformer at home,” Prestel adds. “The price is on the higher end, but it will last you much longer and you will get so much more use out of it.” Prestel also names Balanced Body as one of the top brands for reformers, much ado to its ergonomic foot-bar that makes it simple to transition between workouts. Dimensions: 95.3 x 26.3 x 10.9 inches “This is a more affordable option than the Allegro 2 for those looking for studio quality for their home reformer,” Prestel explains. “Plus, it includes the accessories (the box, handles, straps, poles, etc.) that many other brands make you buy separately making it a great value for money.” Plus, it incomes four full-tension and one half-tension reformer springs to have full rein of your workout speed. Its padded foot-bar is also a nice, comfortable touch. Dimensions: 94 x 25.5 x 15 inches “While ‘vintage’ is not an accurate descriptor for this model, it seems like a decent in-home Reformer that would compare to the Merrithew,” Prestel notes. If you’re on the fence, don’t fret. This model is backed by a 90-day manufacturer’s warranty (on parts; you’ll receive a full one-year warranty for the frame, too). Ahead, our team of pilates experts answered top-button FAQs on these at-home machines, along with the best exercises to work on. Above all else, you want to prioritize materials and sturdiness. “Working with equipment that is made with metal springs and word or aluminum frames is going to give you equipment that will last,” Prestel recommends. Specifically, she notes Balanced Body as one of the best brands. It’s also important to look for “one that is sturdy, with an adjustable footbar, carriage, risers, and with multiple spring settings,” Gehrman adds. “I personally like 1/4, 1/2 and full spring options for detailed shoulder work along with being able to work on heavy loaded setting for strength training.” According to Prestel, you have more variety and a greater quantity of exercises on the reformer than you would on the mat. “Plus, you get the benefits of spring resistance to build strength and stamina,” she adds. Unlike other types of equipment, the pilates reformer provides a true full-body workout, literally from head to toe. “It also takes years (decades even) to get to a true advanced level, so the reformer is an investment that stands the test of time,” Prestel adds. The benefits of pilates are endless and vary from person to person, too,  but for most people, they include improved posture, increased core strength, increase in bone density, better stamina, improved flexibility and mobility, relief from back and neck pain and better breathing, per Prestel. “It is for absolutely anyone looking for a system that can support their life’s movements, Gehrman adds. It’s been around since before 1920, standing the test of time. It is a modality, far beyond just a form of exercise. The work provides your body with an education to make better choices as it moves in any sport, or everyday life functions. “This is done though stability first followed by lengthening eccentric and shortening concentric contractions of your muscles,” Gehrman adds. “Range of motion is increased by using your strength in these types of contractions rather than simply ‘stretching.'” More, the reformer allows you to work with and against gravity, not weight bearing on the joints, while safely loading and adding weight or resistance for strength building. “Every spring has a starting pound conversion and additional pounds are added for every inch you extend the spring with the given movement,” Gehrman adds. “You not only get both resistance and assistance in every exercise, you also get the feedback from the springs, pulleys, carriage and shoulder rests as you are in motion.” If something doesn’t feel right, or you are losing resistance — according to Gehrman —  then it means you aren’t executing the repertoire correctly or with the correct movement quality. The pilates reformer works the whole body as it includes a series for your feet, footwork, and it has arm and leg straps. “It challenges balance with the rolling carriage while strengthening the posterior chain, and of course your core —your core is always working,” Prestel explains. “Every exercise on the reformer involves the coordination of the whole body working together to achieve the objective of each individual exercise. Impressively, every single muscle and joint can be worked both eccentrically and concentrically on a reformer. “On your back, your belly, side lying, kneeling, standing, planking, balancing, skating, and even jumping!” Gehrman lists. The same principles from the mat exercises exist within the reformer exercises, but with the mat you are limited to your own body weight and a static surface. “With the reformer, you add spring resistance and moving surface to challenge your form and increase feedback to the body in order to help correct imbalances,” Prestel adds. There are many safety notes for reformers, according to our team of experts. “Each exercise has its own safety measures so it’s important to work with a certified instructor, especially in the beginning,” Prestel explains. “An instructor dedicates a minimum of nine months with over 600 hours of education and practice before teaching students. Unless you are an instructor, you should never perform exercises on the reformer as a beginner without supervision.” Pilates is an anaerobic exercise meaning it’s “without oxygen,” aka it’s not a high-impact cardio workout. “It taps into the parasympathetic nervous system which promotes calm, rest, and ease of mind,” Prestel explains. “During the pandemic, I think people gravitated towards pilates because it provided a great workout that was low-impact, but it also helped people connect to their breath, manage their stress and ease anxiety.” Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.