Capricorn novelist and “King of Smut” Henry Miller mused, “When spring comes to Paris the humblest mortal alive must feel that he dwells in paradise.” Two such mortals dwelling in that paradise are Scorpio rapper Tyga, 33 and Libra songstress Avril Lavigne, 38 who have been seen out and about and all over each other in the city of light this week. Fresh off Lavigne’s broken engagement (to Mod Sun just last month), the musicians who have been platonic friends for years were first spotted hugging it out at Nobu in Malibu in late February (ah, to be rich) before making the rounds and making out at Paris Fashion Week. “Avril and Tyga never imagined a romance would happen and this was totally unexpected,” a source exclusively told Us Weekly. “They have no idea where things are going but they’re enjoying spending time together. They have great chemistry. Since they had already built a foundation of friendship, it was an organic transition to something more.” What do the stars reveal about the compatibility of these two? Read on to learn more. Born August 27, 1984 in Ontario, Canada, Avril Lavigne is a Libra sun with a Scorpio moon. Both Lavigne’s sun and moon are in fall meaning they are opposite the sign of their exaltation. If an exalted planet is able to fully flex and wholly express, a planet in fall is weakened and must work overtime and with great awareness to overcome disfunction. Lavigne’s is a sun/moon combo that really struggles to trust others and their own inner authority. The sun is where we define and shine as individuals. Libra is the sign of partnership and relates to the self via relationship to others. Sun in Libra folk like Lavigne need the mirror of a partner in order to see themselves and for this reason are averse to being alone or staying single for long, themes that are absolutely present in the relationship trajectory of Lavigne who was barely split from Mod Sun when she began dating Tyga. Ever seeking peace and an easy out, Libra hates confrontation and loves a slow fade or absolute ghost so it tracks that Lavigne would announce her split from Mod Sun to the world (and Mod Sun himself) via her publicist. Yikes, bro. The moon is where our instincts, attachment styles and emotions live. In the sign of Scorpio, these matters take on an otherworldly intensity that can manifest as jealousy, obsession, rage and a near constant fear of betrayal. Feelings feel like life or death and it’s hard for lunar Scorpios to ever feel truly safe or wholly content as their emotional nature pushes them towards transformative and often painful experiences. It’s dark, it sounds like the howling heart of a wounded villain and it is magnetic AF. This energy explains Lavigne’s penchant for going all in on relationships; weddings, enagements matching oversized outerwear, leather trench coats, proclamations of undying love and commemorative tattoos abound. Libras often grapple with imposter syndrome and a Scorpio moon naturally attracts controversy, a sun/moon combo that seems to support the curious conspiracy theory/death hoax that maintains the real Lavigne died and was posthumously replaced by a body double. While it is infinitely more likely a Scorpio moon would fake their own death than die and be replaced, anything is possible in this mad cap/Mod Sun world. Believe the unbelievable, babies. Straight outta Compton, California, Tyga was born November 19, 1989 with an intense Scorpio sun, a hungry, child actor vibe Leo moon and an industrious, relationships as investments Capricorn Venus. Both Tyga’s sun and moon are in fixed signs, making him powerful, forceful and deeply resistant to change or containment. There is absolutely nothing casual nor breezy about this sun/moon combination and it bears the mark of a hot blooded, goth tinged fatalist. Leo rules the heart and lives to love and be loved, worship and be worshipped and Scorpio rules the genitalia and lives for bondage fantasies, blood oaths and bad romances. Tyga’s sun/moon suggest our man is unbelievably alluring, the sort of dude that can command a crowd and/or entrance an audience of one. There is a bit of a struggle between the Leo need for validation and the Scorpio propensity for secrecy and in terms of trajectory, Leo wants to create and Scorpio wants to conquer. Tyga spoke to this tension and these qualifiers in an interview with The Music, “For somebody like me, a creative person, I feel like a visionary. So, I’m always thinking and seeing a vision and a long game. I don’t post all the time. Because I sometimes think that for some artists, it’s good to keep up the mystique. I don’t want people to know what I’m doing every day, every hour of the day, you know?” This is not Lavigne’s first tango with a scorpion. Neigh, she was married to Canadian QUADRUPLE Scorpio and Nickelback lead singer Chad Kroeger from 2013-2015. Prior to Kroeger, Lavigne was wed to Aries and Sum 41 front man  Deryck Whibley from 2006-2009. She was also linked, by love and ink, to Leo nepo baby Brody Jenner. Most recently, Lavigne was engaged to musician Mod Sun, a Pisces sun with a Cancer moon (bless his emo bones). Double water signs like Mod are acutely sensitive, prone to tears, lower case poetry and instability. That Lavigne has been on a make out spree with her new dude in the city where the former flames got engaged nary a year ago is a double knife twist, gut punch kind of heartbreak for our dear mohawked Mod. Thank the gods below and stars above that dude has a grind or die, get paid and laid Mars in Taurus, a true saving grace that serves to explain how and why he was able to carry on with his tour amidst relationship ruin. With Mod’s Mercury in Pisces rest assured we will be hearing about the fallout in sad boy songs for years to come. Tyga previously dated Blac Chyna with whom he shares son King Cairo. Post Chyna, Tyga dated the youngest member of the Kar-Jenner clan and Leo queen of the lip kit, ladies and gentlemen Kylie Jenner. The pair met when Kylie was seventeen and Tyga was twenty four. In terms of synastry, Tyga and Kylie Jenner had sun/moon receptivity as Jenner is a Leo with a Scorpio moon and Tyga is a Scorpio with a Leo moon, Lavigne’s Moon is conjunct Tyga’s Mars in Scorpio. This translates to an extreme physical attraction, emotional vulnerability/volatility and very, very good sex. Mars is impulse/action oriented and is considered to the most masculine planet while the Moon is the most acutely feminine entity in astrology and as previously established, governs instinct and attachment. The fundamental differences of these yin/yang energies suggest a serious connection, plenty of kink and a forecast for misunderstanding. With sex and maternal longing highlighted by this conjunction, there is an increased chance for child bearing. Tyga likely views Lavigne as a natural caretaker and a desirable mother figure with whom he feels at ease around and like he could build a home with. Lavigne craves the power and fire Tyga brings to life and love, his fixed energy is emotionally consuming but not in a soggy/escapist/confused fashion like her double water sign ex. This pairing likely feels fast, furious and absolutely fated to Lavigne and Tyga. It’s definitely hot and happening between these two and while it might not be built to last it might just be the kind of coupling that brings forth babies. Bless up and best of luck you two, ride it til it bucks you. Astrology 101: Your guide to the stars Astrologer Reda Wigle researches and irreverently reports back on planetary configurations and their effect on each zodiac sign. Her horoscopes integrate history, poetry, pop culture and personal experience. She is also an accomplished writer who has profiled a variety of artists and performers, as well as extensively chronicled her experiences while traveling. Among the many intriguing topics she has tackled are cemetery etiquette, her love for dive bars, Cuban Airbnbs, a “girls guide” to strip clubs and the “weirdest” foods available abroad.