This couple has given the phrase “father of the bride” an entirely new meaning. In celebration of her recent Las Vegas nuptials, a newlywed named Christy broadcast on TikTok the footage of the impassioned first kiss she shared with her groom moments after the pair were pronounced husband and wife. Then, the blushing bride revealed that her new hubby allegedly is also her stepdaddy. “Marrying my stepdad was the best decision I’ve ever made,” boasts Christy, a mother of two from Tampa, Florida, in the on-screen text of her viral video. In the caption for the clip, which has scared up an eye-popping 18.8 million views, the giddy sweetheart stamped the snippet with the cringeworthy hashtag “#MarryYourMomsEx.” And, unsurprisingly, stunned TikTok users could do little to hold their peace concerning the unconventional covenant. “I don’t think I can come up with a situation where this happens and there’s no ick,” a disgusted commenter wrote. “There’s 7 billion people in the world. Why?” asked another naysayer. “He really went from ‘dad’ to ‘daddy‘ didn’t he,” joked one viewer. “There should never be a man that can say ‘that’s not how your momma did it,’” chimed another freaked-out audience member. And many online onlookers were curious about Christy’s relationship with her mother — the groom’s ex-wife. “Am I the only [one] wondering how your mom is doing?” wrote a concerned spectator. “Isn’t mom included in ‘Girl Code,’” asked another, referring to the idea that a woman’s ex is eternally off limits to friends and family. However, in a subsequent clip, Christy assured followers that her mother — who can allegedly be seen in the background of the wedding video taking photographs of the happy couple — is in full support of their union. “Was I ‘groomed’ [by my stepdad]? No,” she wrote in the closed caption of the sequel post. “Did my stepdad raise me? No.” She continued, “Was I a minor when I met him? No.” “Do me and my mom still talk? Yes,” Christy confirmed, adding that her mother and stepfather did not have any children together during their marriage.