The Big Apple’s shoplifting epidemic has sparked new moves in Albany aimed at clamping down on violent and unrepentant thieves, The Post has learned. A bill set to be introduced in the Legislature as early as this week by state Sen. Jessica Scarcella-Spanton (D-Staten Island) and Assemblyman Manny De Los Santos (D-Inwood) would make it a felony to commit even minor assaults against retail workers. “I think this is a common-sense approach to make perps think twice about what they’re doing,” Scarcella-Spanton said. The proposal would put retail workers in the same protected category as cops, firefighters, paramedics and other front-line workers. All MTA workers — including cleaners and booth attendants — were added last year. That proposal would also allow judges to set bail for the accused perps because second-degree assault is among the crimes not covered by New York’s controversial, 2019 bail reform law. Scarcella-Spanton said the bill wasn’t meant to serve as a “rollback” of bail reform. “It’s all about making fixes where we can,” she said. Another bill introduced on Feb. 8 would elevate the crime of petit larceny from a misdemeanor to a felony if it’s committed within two years of a previous conviction. The proposal by state Sen. Kevin Thomas (D-Long Island) and Assemblyman Jeffrey Dinowitz (D-The Bronx) would increase the maximum punishment to 1-1/3 to four years in prison for a first-time felon, up from one year in jail. A similar provision already applies to driving while intoxicated, with second offenders facing felony charges if they’re caught wasted behind the wheel within 10 years of their first conviction. Both moves were demanded recently by Collective Action to Protect our Stores, a group that represents nearly 4,000 independent grocers, The Post reported at the time. In a statement Tuesday, the coalition said, “As we have seen with numerous attacks on workers and stores, this is urgent legislation.” “These workers were deemed essential during the height of COVID and now it is up to leaders in Albany to show that they are willing to protect these workers who are constantly under threat in their places of work — the time to act is now,” CAPS added. Queens bodega clerk Andy Mendez, who was viciously sucker-punched after confronting a suspected shoplifter last year, said Tuesday that he “absolutely” thought tougher laws were needed. “This job looks easy but it’s dangerous,” said Mendez, 70, who works at the Real Gourmet Deli in Long Island City, across from the Queensbridge Houses public housing development. “This is a crackhead neighborhood. None of these crackhead motherf—ers work, they just steal and panhandle for drug money,” he said. “I take a chance working here. Anybody can kill me.” Mendez said his assailant, who was caught on camera clobbering him from behind on Aug. 8, was apparently never arrested and was “still walking around.” “He hangs out over at the liquor store,” Mendez said. “He came back in the store and he told me he would punch me again.”