Move it, Miley! Donald Trump knocked pop star Miley Cyrus off the top of the iTunes chart over the weekend. The former president’s duet with the J6 Prison Choir called “Justice for All” features Trump reciting the Pledge of Allegiance while his group of background singers — made up of people jailed for their involvement in the Jan. 6, 2021, Capitol riot — sing the “Star-Spangled Banner.” The collaboration was No. 1 on iTunes’ Top 100 list Saturday, booting Cyrus’s “Flowers” from the coveted spot. The 2-minute and 20-second ditty remained No. 1 on Sunday. Trump, 76, who announced in November he is running for the 2024 Republican presidential nomination, touted “Justice for All” on his Truth Social platform Saturday after it climbed into the top spot. The ex-president and onetime TV reality-show star of “The Apprentice” recorded his part of the track a few weeks ago at his Mar-a-Lago estate in Florida, according to reports. The inmates recorded their portion of the hit — the national anthem — about a month ago at the Washington, DC, jail. Kash Patel, who worked in the administration and remains a Trump ally, told Breitbart News that the ex-president “broke the music industry” because “we put America First values back front and center.” Patel said the song, available on a number of streaming services since its debut March 3, “speaks to what’s on so many Americans’ minds.” The “official music video” to go with the single was released on the social media platform Rumble on Saturday. It begins with images of the outside walls and interior hallways of the DC Jail before cutting to the White House. The video then mixes in images of the Jefferson Memorial and the Washington Memorial as the J6 choir performs, before switching to Trump speaking to crowds with US flags flowing. As the choir sings “rockets red glare, the bombs bursting in air,” images show the mob of pro-Trump supporters clashing with police at the US Capitol on Jan. 6, including the fatal shooting of Ashli Babbett, who was shot trying to infiltrate the Speaker’s Lobby. The single ends with the choir chanting “USA!” six times. The words, “Supporting certain prisoners denied their constitutional rights” remain on screen.