Kiss, kiss, bang, bang. Put on your glad rags and your dancing shoes my dudes, luck is on your side and the haunts of old hurts are in line for some faith healing. Venus, the planet of love and money is joining forces with Jupiter, the planet of expansion and fortune in the hot blooded, no time like the present sign of Aries on March 2, 2023. In astrology, a conjunction is akin to a mouth kiss between two planets or points in the solar system. A brief union of spit and spirit if you will. Some conjunctions, like the one betwixt Venus and Jupiter occur annually while others only come around every few hundred years. In terms of planetary energies at play, Venus is a rich bitch romantic and Jupiter is a dice rolling good time and together they set the stage for fun and flirtation, creative enterprises and financial betterment, securing your bag and feeling hot. It helps us both feel attractive and attract what we need and want. While the energies tango and the planets appear very, very close together in the night sky, astronomers note that the two celestial bodies are actually about 400 million miles apart leaving more than enough room for Jesus. The exact conjunction of these planets occurs in the morning hours of March 2 but the influence of this meet up will be felt for a few days before and after. A semisextile to the sun doubles down the good vibes of this conjunction, bolstering us with general hype and an air of positivity, magnanimity and personal growth. The stoke and the likelihood of unplanned pregnancies are high. But…. Astrology 101: Your guide to the stars It ain’t all roulette wheels, glowing skin, work bonuses and bathroom sex because on March 3, Venus and Jupiter also conjunct Chiron which emphasizes emotional triggers and untended wounds. This conjunction is meant to bring attention to patterns that minimize us, narratives that limit us and feelings we have repressed for the convenience of others. Chiron is encouraging us all to break the rusty chains of what has been and step clean and clear into a new era of being, and with Venus and Jupiter in the mix, there’s no limit to how far we can go or how much we can grow. Astrologer Reda Wigle researches and irreverently reports back on planetary configurations and their effect on each zodiac sign. Her horoscopes integrate history, poetry, pop culture and personal experience. She is also an accomplished writer who has profiled a variety of artists and performers, as well as extensively chronicled her experiences while traveling. Among the many intriguing topics she has tackled are cemetery etiquette, her love for dive bars, Cuban Airbnbs, a “girls guide” to strip clubs and the “weirdest” foods available abroad.