Goldie Hawn never got to have her big Oscars moment. The actress’ golden film career has garnered multiple Oscars nominations and one win in 1970 for the film “Cactus Flower.” The shining star, 77, recalled winning the award and how she still regrets missing out on accepting the trophy for Best Supporting Actress. “I never got dressed up. I never got to pick up the award,” she told Variety. “I regret it. It’s something that I look back on now and think, ‘It would have been so great to be able to have done that.’” The “First Wives Club” star was fast asleep at her hotel in London on April 7, 1970, prepping to shoot the film “There’s a Girl in My Soup” while her name was announced as a winner at the Academy Awards halfway across the world in Los Angeles. Raquel Welch picked up the statuette on Hawn’s behalf after Fred Astaire announced Hawn’s name. Hawn admitted that she didn’t believe that she would earn the Oscar for “Cactus Flower” since it was one of her first feature film roles. Other screen icons who were nominated in the same Best Supporting Actress category at the time included Dyan Cannon in “Bob & Carol & Ted & Alice” and Susannah York in “They Shoot Horses, Don’t They?” “I forgot it was on television that night,” the “Death Becomes Her” actress added. “Then I woke up to a phone call at like 4 in the morning. And it was a man’s voice and he said, ‘Hey, congratulations, you got it.’ ‘I got what?’ ‘You got the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress.’” After hanging up the call, the actress said she had “a good cry.” Despite the win happening over 50 years ago, Hawn didn’t watch her win until several weeks ago. She found out Astaire was the one who read her name only recently when she was on her way to a party with late-night host Jimmy Kimmel, who brought up her Oscars win. “Did you ever see the part where you’re being announced by Fred Astaire?’” Kimmel, who is hosting the Oscars this year, asked her. The “Shampoo” star gushed to Variety about how Astaire was her “idol.” She said she “didn’t know he was the one that announced my name. I got emotional when I finally saw it.” Hawn also discussed the idea of retirement — a notion she’s not too keen about. Following the filming of the 2002 film “The Banger Sisters” with Susan Sarandon, Hawn decided to take a step back from Hollywood. The reason? The Sept. 11 terrorist attacks. She didn’t appear in another film until 2017’s “Snatched” with Amy Schumer. “I’d been making a lot of movies for a long time. And when 9/11 happened, the world turned upside down,” she said. “And I wasn’t feeling very happy … It shook me to the core, and I said, ‘Am I going to make movies, or am I going to do something?’” Nowadays, she has no intention of slowing down. She recently appeared in the Netflix holiday film “The Christmas Chronicles” and its 2020 sequel alongside longtime love Kurt Russell as Mrs. Claus. “I’d love to do Mrs. Claus one more time,” Hawn chuckled. “We all have dreams, but it’s how we fulfill them.”