Russian president Vladimir Putin is living with his girlfriend, gymnast Alina Kabaeva, and their children in a luxury palace, according to a new investigation. The report by Proekt — an independent Russian media group — and obtained by the Daily Mail, reveals inside the home for the first time. The Post could not independently confirm this report. Located in a forest in Valdai — 250 miles outside of Moscow — the property was constructed shortly after Putin entered the political scene in 1996, the report said. He has held the role as President of Russia or Prime Minister since 1999. “We will tell you where they are hiding,” the publication said. Putin had wanted to custom-build the home to resemble the winter palace at St. Petersburg, known as the “golden house.” Following his official divorce from former first lady, Lyudmila Ocheretnaya, Putin, 70  brought Kabaeva, 39, to the property. In 2020, Putin then began building a new property for his partner, Kabaeva, that stands close to the “golden house.” “In 2021, a boat dock was built near Kabaeva’s house,” the report said. “From it, one can take a boat across a small canal to a huge, classic palace park laid out on a 28-hectare (70 acres) plot. These lands were once the site of a tree nursery, where seedlings of conifers were grown to restore the national park.” “Located about the same distance from Putin’s and Kabaeva’s houses is a huge spa complex with a solarium, a cryo chamber, a 25-metre swimming pool, a hammam, a sauna, a mud room, massage baths, cosmetology and dentistry areas.” It also includes a personal armored train to travel to Putin’s lakeside hideout. “For this reason, a secret, guarded station was built near his residence,” Proekt said. Proekt captured satellite images of the home, which shows the train stations. Putin also has private train stations for his residences in Sochi and Novo-Ogaryovo, near Moscow. Kabaeva is also said to have a slew of  “chaperones'” who care for her every need at the property. Putin and Kabaeva are believed to have several children together that are kept from the public eye. Their children remain anonymous due to their minor ages. “In the course of this investigation, Proekt journalists have established many facts about the relationship between the Russian president and his mistress, all of which seem to have been copied from medieval history books,” the report stated. The investigation added there is a “constant presence of children in the residence.”