“South Park” cartoons are seeping into the real world. A TikTok user, who goes by the name Kelly on the social media platform, has created a mock-up of a parody of Prince Harry’s book cover that was depicted on a recent episode of the Comedy Central animated series. The Duke of Sussex, 38, debuted his bombshell memoir “Spare,” in January, and “South Park” dubbed a novel written by an ex-Canadian prince “WAAAGH.” The episode featured the ex-royals from Canada on a “Worldwide Privacy Tour” where they appear on a variety of talk shows to moan about wanting to be private. “South Park” creators Trey Parker and Matt Stone included a cover for “WAAAGH” that looks suspiciously like Harry’s, with a red-headed, freckled cartoon prince in a close-up shot. Inspired by the episode, Kelly brought the animated cover to life, illustrating the image through graphic design software. In a variety of TikToks, Kelly showed off her process, as well as placing the fake book jacket onto an actual hardcover novel. After designing the wrapping on her computer, she printed out the cover and folded it into the correct dimensions. Before purchasing “Spare” to fit the new jacket, Kelly had placed it on top of the 2003 Patricia MacDonald novel “Suspicious Origin.” “And I think that joke writes itself,” she said in a video. Kelly then made the trek to Target to purchase the ex-royal’s memoir following fan demand to plant the cover on the actual, 410-page tell-all. The art influencer’s idea garnered many comments from her viewers, who couldn’t help but laugh over the fake cover. “My f – – king hero,” someone beamed. With another person adding: “I love this.” “I love the ‘Worldwide Privacy Tour,’ ” one wrote. “Can you sell this so i can put it on my cover of ‘Spare?’ ” a user asked. One fan chuckled: “Dude this so so sweet! UNDERATED as hell!!” Another chimed in: “You are the hero!” “Thank you for using your graphic design skills for chaotic evil,” a person penned. “I want to make a bunch of those and put them on the actual books in the store!”