Sports betting has been live in Massachusetts for three days now and in-state residents can take advantage of the FanDuel Massachusetts promo code that allows new customers to place a $5 bet to get $200 in bonus bets! If you aren’t from The Bay State, you can claim the standard new customer offer from FanDuel that gives new customers $200 in bonus bets, aka bet credits, with just a $20 initial wager. Bonus bets can be used to make profits on winning bets, but they can’t be withdrawn from the sportsbook and put in a bank account. If you used $20 in bonus bets on the Bruins at +140 and they win, you would profit $28. If they lost, the bonus amount wagered is gone but you don’t lose any real money. The two buttons below provide more information about both offers so you’re good to go before Sunday’s slate of NBA games. These offers work for all sports at FanDuel if you’d rather bet on something else.  Massachusetts residents can claim the FanDuel go-live promo code to get $200 in bonus bets. For those not in Massachusetts, the regular FanDuel promo code gives new users $200 in bet credits with just a $20 first bet. If you use the promo codes on a losing wager, that money is still returned back as bet credits. While it may be Selection Sunday on the college hardwood, the NBA brings the on-court entertainment with six games this Sunday. The action starts in the Mile High City when the top-seeded Denver Nuggets host the Brooklyn Nets. Many expected the Nets to fall off without Kyrie Irving and Kevin Durant, but they have won three of four entering today’s game and are still in the Eastern Conference playoff picture, so Nikola Jokic and the Nuggets should have their hands full. Following that game, there are two good matchups on the East Coast when the Cleveland Cavaliers visit the Charlotte Hornets and the Philadelphia 76ers host the Washington Wizards. C.J. McCollum squares off against his former team later on when the New Orleans Pelicans take on Damian Lillard and the Portland Trail Blazers in the Big Easy. This game should be a doozy, since both teams need the win to keep up in the Western Conference play-in race. The San Antonio Spurs host the Oklahoma City Thunder at the same time. Sunday’s slate ends in Los Angeles when the Lakers host the New York Knicks in a battle of two of the league’s biggest brands. If you like a bet in one of these games, use the FanDuel Massachusetts promo code for a great deal. Already signed up at FanDuel? Check out Caesars Sportsbook promo code from Action Network. If you or a loved one is experiencing problems with gambling, please call 1-800-327-5050 or visit gamblinghelplinema.org for 24/7 support. LiveChat with a GameSense Advisor at GameSenseMA.com or call 1-800-GAM-1234