Philip Rivers is looking for an invite out of retirement. The former Chargers quarterback has expressed desire to return to the NFL after already contacting the 49ers and Dolphins about a possible comeback late in the 2022 season when they were dealing with quarterback injuries, according to Dov Kleiman of BroBible. Rivers, 41, parted ways with the Chargers after 16 years in San Diego and L.A., as the team made a pivot to Justin Herbert. He left to spend a one year stint with the Indianapolis Colts before retirement, even though many thought it would be for more than a cameo. Rivers declined coming out of retirement to help out the Saints last year. The NFL free agency for 2023 begins March 15, which will open the doors for Rivers to explore potential options for returning to the NFL. After Derek Carr agreed to join the Saints and Aaron Rodgers’ future uncertain, it could leave time searching for a veteran QB — such as the Jets — scrounging for attractive options. After not joining New Orleans, it seemed Rivers would remain retired. It was hard to tell if that would be the case as Rivers sounded like he was remaining ready of the right opportunity came. “I’m not quite there,” Rivers told the LA Times about his desire to return in 2022. “I’m getting back there. I wouldn’t have made weight if I had to report last week, that’s for sure. But I am getting back into the lifting and running and, shoot, I occasionally throw a ball around out here in this heat. It’s not too hard to get a good lather going.” “I want to make sure I’m very clear: I’m not predicting I will play in December or January, for that matter,” he continued. “One, you’ve got to have somebody who wants you, and two, it’s got to be right. But I have not completely ruled that out.” With the Chargers, Rivers threw for 5,9271 yards, 397 touchdowns and 198 interceptions, leading them to seven playoff appearances and a 123-101 record in 16 seasons. He concluded his career with 4,169 yards in Indianapolis, 24 touchdowns and 11 interceptions, posting a 11-5 record and losing in the wild card playoff round to the Bills 24-27. The NFL free agency for 2023 begins March 15, which will open the doors for Rivers to explore potential options of where to fill the quarterback role.