From Foo Fighters to fighting for food. Musician Dave Grohl made a surprise appearance at a Los Angeles shelter last Wednesday, making meals for hundreds of hungry homeless people. The 54-year-old Foo Fighters frontman spent 24 hours at Hope the Mission‘s Trebek Center in Northridge, cooking up 450 dinners. The rocker’s cook-up was confirmed by Mission Director of Development Grace Ancheta, who said the star even brought along his own smoker. Ancheta told Today that Grohl was somewhat of a BBQ expert, making brisket, ribs and pork butt. “He arrived around 3 in the afternoon, and then he was in our kitchen,” Ancheta told the publication. “He was prepping the meat, he was cutting it up and he was there until he put it in the smoker.” “The meat didn’t go into the smoker until midnight that night because he’s like, ‘Oh, it has to season and it has to do this,’ ” Ancheta added. “He’s definitely a craftsman when it comes to that, and then he spent the night.” Ancheta added that Grohl was “very gracious,” and happily took photos with fans who recognized him, “He wanted no glory for it,” Ancheta insisted. “He was like, ‘I just want to do this for you guys and give back in that way.’ “ While working the cookout, Grohl threw his support behind Hope the Mission Founder and CEO Ken Craft and President and CFO Rowan Vansleve, who have both been raising money to open three new family shelters. Craft and Vansleve have been running 350 miles from Las Vegas to Los Angeles to raise the final $350,000 needed, with Grohl giving them a few encouraging words in a video posted to Instagram after Day 12 of their marathon. “And in the middle of our 350-mile run to end homelessness, we got the coolest video ever from Dave Grohl of the Foo Fighters,” the video, posted by Craft and Vansleve, was captioned. “Not only did [he] wish us luck, but he cooked for hundreds of people who live in our shelters in the middle of one of the worst storms.” “Nothing but love and respect for Dave,” they added, sharing a series of photos of Grohl preparing food at the shelter. The Post reached out to Hope the Mission and Grohl’s reps for further comment.