This guy is on fire. A 41-year-old man, who previously went by the name of Deano Wilson, legally changed his name to Fire Exit after it took hold as a family joke. “Nobody else has a name that well-known, not even Elton John,” boasted Exit to NeedToKnow.Online. ”People are always coming up to me in bars and at parties — they know who I am.” According to Exit, his new name really sparked something because the English native said that he is always offered free things whenever he goes places. “People have given me loads of free drinks, and one barber even cut my hair for free because he heard about my name change,” claimed the father of five. “I have been signing signs everywhere. “Some shops, estate agents and other places have my autograph on their exit signs,” claimed Exit. The eccentric dad revealed that the idea to change his name came to him during the coronavirus lockdown. ”It was during COVID. I had nothing to lose, and it was cheaper to do it during this time,” explained Exit, who paid £17 ($21) to officially change his name. “I changed it online at 1:30 a.m.” Exit, an audio and visual engineer from Hampshire, told NeedToKnow that his fame has rapidly spread to various countries since he travels a lot for his job. “People check out the stories about me in their own language,” said Exit. “I recently visited Berlin, and it’s already getting spread around there.” Some people have tried to douse his flare by making fun of his name online, he said. ”I did it for comedy, but there has been all different kinds of reactions,” claimed Exit. “But in person, it is different — when people meet me, they instantly see it’s a whole different thing.” “They’re all just nasty haters, and it doesn’t bother me so much because that’s where the comedy is,” he continued. “I’m the one that’s laughing … I did it for the reactions.” Exit said that his name is the only name that lights up the world universally. ”It’s the only name in lights in every language around the world,” gushed Exit. “Even when there’s no power, my name is illuminated up there.” ”People say I’m crazy but a genius,” he concluded.