For the first time since 2012, Peter Gabriel is touring North America. From Sept. 11 through Oct. 13, the 73-year-old former Genesis frontman and Rock and Roll Hall of Famer will play 12 arenas in the U.S. and Canada as part of his upcoming ‘i/o The Tour’ in support of his new album. Midway through the short run of shows, the “Solsbury Hill” singer has one New York City show lined up — and it’s a big one. On Sept. 18, Gabriel will play Madison Square Garden. And if it’s been too long since you’ve heard “Sledgehammer,” “Shock The Monkey” and “In Your Eyes” live, we’re here to help you get your hands on tickets today. Although inventory isn’t available on Ticketmaster until Friday, March 10, fans who want to ensure they have tickets ahead of time can purchase on sites like Vivid Seats before tickets are officially on sale. Vivid Seats is a secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand. They have a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and will be delivered before the event. A complete calendar including all tour dates, venues and links to buy tickets for all ‘i/o Tour’ concerts can be found below. The tour is in support of ‘i/o,’ Gabriel’s first full-length album since 2011’s “New Blood.” Thus far, he’s released a trio of singles “Panopticom,” “The Court” and “Playing For Time.” Gabriel says the single “Playing For Time” is about “time, mortality and the idea that each of us has a planet full of memories which get stashed inside the brain.” At the time of publication, there’s no release date for the new record. That being said, Gabriel is known for putting music into the world based on the lunar calendar. “‘Playing For Time’ is no exception, dropping in line with the March full moon,” according to StereoBoard. So, keep an eye on your lunar calendars — that just might be the day we finally hear the Peter Gabriel release we’ve been waiting on for over ten years. Many stars that defined the sound of the MTV era are taking their timeless hits back on the road again this year. Here are just five of our favorite acts you won’t want to miss live. • Madonna • Bruce Springsteen and the E Street Band • Duran Duran • Billy Joel with Stevie Nicks • Sting Not enough ’80s for you? Check out our list of the 107 biggest ’80s concert tours in 2023 here.