Chris Rock is still waiting to hear from Will Smith, according to a new report. The comedian, 58, recently ripped into Smith, 54, and the infamous slap attack at the 2022 Oscars in his “Selective Outrage” comedy show on Netflix, but it seems Rock still hasn’t received a personal, formal apology from the actor. “Chris never got a one-on-one private apology from Will, only the public one which really meant nothing,” a source told the Daily Mail recently. Following the smackdown last March, the “Emancipation” star released a series of teary-eyed apology statements, expressing his regret over his actions. “I would like to publicly apologize to you, Chris,” Smith said. “I was out of line and I was wrong. I am embarrassed and my actions were not indicative of the man I want to be.” Smith then posted a video in July of that same year, saying that he reached out to Rock, and “the message that came back is that he is not ready to talk.” “So I will say to you, Chris, I apologize to you,” Smith sighed. “My behavior was unacceptable, and I’m here whenever you’re ready to talk. I’m human and I made a mistake and I’m trying not to think of myself as a piece of s- -t.” “Selective Outrage” debuted on March 4, just days before this year’s Academy Awards are set to air. “Netflix decided when to run this, not Chris,” the source told Daily Mail, stating that the timing is purely coincidental. However, the insider noted that Rock’s decision to talk about the scandal on his Netflix show has nothing to do with vengeance. “Chris wanted to get this out once and for all and be done with it. This was very cathartic to him,” they explained. Elsewhere in his stand-up show, the “Everybody Hates Chris” producer took jabs at Meghan Markle and Prince Harry, calling out their anger over the royal family’s alleged racism. “It’s the royal family,” he joked on the special. “You didn’t Google these motherf- -kers? What the f- -k is she talking about ‘she didn’t know’?! That’s like marrying into the Budweiser family and going, ‘They drink a lot.’” The insider told the Daily Mail that Rock “is not racist at all. Nothing could be further from the truth.” They asserted that Rock is a “black man, making jokes about other black people from a black person’s perspective. He has nothing but love for black people — and all people.” The Post has reached out to both Smith and Rock’s reps.