The Raiders couldn’t sell Tom Brady on a reunion with head coach Josh McDaniels, but Brady’s former understudy Jimmy Garoppolo bought in. Garoppolo, the top quarterback available in free agency, agreed to terms Monday on a three-year, $67.5 million contract that includes $34 million guaranteed, per reports. The $22.5 million per year average represents the creation of a quarterback middle class, as Garoppolo’s contract now has the 17th highest average annual value at the position and is distanced from both the nine starters averaging $40 million per year and the youngsters on earning less than $10 million per year on wage-scaled rookie deals. The thought around the league is that the Raiders initially were eyeing Brady – who built a tight relationship with McDaniels during their decade-plus together as quarterback and offensive play-caller for the Patriots – when they decided to move on from Derek Carr late last season. But Brady retired from the Buccaneers instead of pursuing free agency, and Carr took a fresh start with the Saints. The Raiders’ options were thinning by the minute because they opted not to join the Aaron Rodgers trade sweepstakes despite receiver Davante Adams’ wish. With quarterbacks expected to be make up at least three of the first four picks in the upcoming draft – by the Panthers, Texans and Colts – and the Raiders holding pick No. 7, they likely were going to have to trade up to No. 3 or No. 5 not to avoid getting left off the carousel. Adding a first-round rookie to Garoppolo still is a possibility. Follow the Post’s NFL Free Agency live coverage Garoppolo’s signing takes another alternative off the board for the Jets, who, like the Packers, are being held hostage by Rodgers’ indecisiveness about his future. If Rodgers decides to retire or not facilitate a trade, the Jets would have to pivot to making a mega contract offer to Lamar Jackson (that the Ravens could match) and willingness to lose two first-round draft picks to Baltimore, or to signing of the next best-free agent quarterbacks. The crop includes former starters Carson Wentz, Jacoby Brissett and Marcus Mariota. Garoppolo is 40-17 as a starter but his six years with the 49ers were plagued by injuries as much as they were highlighted by an NFC championship. The 49ers are moving forward with Trey Lance, the No. 3 overall pick in 2021, and Brock Purdy, who is coming off elbow surgery, as their top two quarterbacks. Lance started the season and Purdy finished it, with Garoppolo starting 10 games in the middle before a season-ending broken foot.