Bills quarterback Josh Allen and his girlfriend Brittany Williams are enjoying some R&R and PDA during their offseason vacation. The couple kissed by the ocean in a boomerang video Williams shared to her Instagram story on Tuesday. Although it’s unclear where exactly the romantic getaway is taking place, Allen and Williams posed near an infinity pool and palm trees. The influencer, who’s amassed over 175,000 followers on Instagram, wore a white linen shirt and top over a bikini — while Allen sported blue swim shorts and a dark long sleeve shirt. Williams also shared a video of Allen, who wore a hat and sunglasses, walking along the beach. Allen and Williams — whose love story began when they were family friends growing up in Fresno, California — have been dating since 2017. During an appearance on Kelly Stafford’s “The Morning After” podcast in September 2022, Williams said the couple met as 8 year olds at a pool party for brother. Williams added that they were introduced by Giants pitcher Tim Lincecum. After that, Williams recalled not seeing Allen until they were teenagers, although their mothers still kept in touch through the years. When they were seniors in high school, Williams said Allen ghosted her when she asked him to be her date to her school’s Sadie Hawkins dance. The two eventually reunited for a family party — when Williams lived at home while attending Fresno State and Allen was enrolled at Reedley College — and sparks flew. Williams said she and Allen have “been able to grow” within their relationship after moving in together in 2018. Allen appeared to be in better spirits while in paradise after Buffalo’s season ended in the divisional round for the second consecutive year. The Bengals demolished the Bills, 27-10, in the divisional round of the playoffs in January — just a few weeks after Buffalo safety Damar Hamlin suffered cardiac arrest on the field in a separate Bengals contest on Jan. 2. The near fatal incident contributed to a challenging year for the Bills, who also dealt with injuries and dangerous weather conditions in Buffalo. After the Bills were eliminated from the playoffs, GM Brandon Beane said he wants to see Allen take fewer hits in 2023. Allen is under contract with the Bills through 2028.