Donald Glover savaged former “Community” co-star Chevy Chase during an appearance at the Writers Guild Awards in Midtown’s Edison Ballroom on Sunday. The funnyman, 39, took to the stage to present an award to writer-producer Paul Simms, when he referenced his infamous showbiz beef with Chase, 79. Glover has previously accused Chase of making “racial cracks” while they were filming “Community” together, saying the “Caddyshack” star once said to him: “People think you’re funnier because you’re black.” It’s also been reported that Chase used the N-word on the set of the sitcom. During Sunday night’s award show, Glover claimed that Chase directed the slur at him. While presenting the award to Simms, he stated: “This award was named after Herb Sargent, a writer who worked on ‘Saturday Night Live’ and came up with ‘Weekend Update’ with Chevy Chase. Chevy Chase once called Herb one of the funniest writers working in television. And Chevy Chase once called me … you know, this is about Paul.” Glover also told the crowd about how he met Simms on the set of the HBO comedy “Girls,” created by Lena Dunham. “I was on the set of ‘Girls’ after filming a sex scene for like eight hours — which they cut down to two minutes,” Glover stated. “I’ve never seen the rest of the footage.” “Afterwards, I asked Lena [Dunham], ‘Yo, what made you decide to work with Paul?’ And she goes, ‘Honestly, this n—– lets me do whatever I want.’ I remember thinking two things: One, Lena is using the N-word extremely liberally. Who does she think she is, Chevy Chase? And two, that’s the kind of producer I want.” While Glover was joking about Dunham, he didn’t seem to be kidding about Chase. The pair worked together on “Community” for four seasons, from 2009 to 2012, until Chase quit the show after a confrontation with its creator, Dan Harmon. Back in 2012, the Hollywood Reporter claimed that Chase “apologized immediately” to his “Community” co-stars after using the N-word while on a rant about his issues with his character. He reportedly used the slur when he was confused about the dialogue in a scene with Glover and Yvette Nicole Brown. In 2018, Glover and Harmon opened up to the New Yorker about Chase’s inappropriate on-set behavior. “Chevy was the first to realize how immensely gifted Donald was, and the way he expressed his jealousy was to try to throw Donald off,” Harmon said at the time. “I remember apologizing to Donald after a particularly rough night of Chevy’s non-PC verbiage, and Donald said, ‘I don’t even worry about it.’ ” Glover chimed in: “I just saw Chevy as fighting time — a true artist has to be OK with his reign being over. I can’t help him if he’s thrashing in the water. But I know there’s a human in there somewhere — he’s almost too human.” Chase didn’t deny using the racial slur during an interview with the Washington Post later that same year. “I could have said it,” the comedian told the publication, before claiming it would have been misinterpreted. The actor added that he had been a fan of Glover’s the entire time they worked together on the show and denied that he was racist. Meanwhile, Chase told “CBS Sunday Morning” last year that he doesn’t worry about his reputation for being difficult on set. “I guess you’d have to ask them. I don’t give a crap!” he stated. “I am who I am. And I like where — who I am. I don’t care. And it’s part of me that I don’t care. And I’ve thought about that a lot. And I don’t know what to tell you, man. I just don’t care.” The Post has reached out to Chase for comment on Glover’s latest claims.