Jealously got the best of him. Ben Murphy, an Australian TV host and magician, was allegedly attacked during his performance on a Royal Caribbean Quantum of the Seas cruise on March 1. During the trick, Murphy and the volunteer sat with folded playing cards sticking out of their mouths as Murphy leaned in for a “kiss” — a part of the trick where the magician will “swap” the cards to the other’s mouth. Murphy then attempted to take the card out of his mouth but his eyes, seen on a large screen on stage, widen as a member of the crowd — believed to be the woman’s partner — charged the stage and pushed the entertainer to the ground. “My assault on board. Entertainment, comedy, and magic are NOT contact sports. This guest should not have been allowed to enjoy the rest of his cruise,” Murphy wrote on TikTok. Murphy claimed he suffered multiple bruises and “blurry vision,” according to 7News. “Hit my head so I have had blurry vision,” Murphy said, adding the onboard medical team advised him to see a neurologist. Murphy said the volunteer had given her consent for the act. “She was lovely and was laughing and having a real good time, she danced and giggled and gave consent for it all,” Murphy said. The magician alluded to officials not being helpful following the incident saying his statement wasn’t taken until a week after the alleged assault. “Statements should have been taken by the witness that day,” Murphy said. “How they said there were no witnesses to this baffles me.” Viewers took to Instagram to share their support with Murphy, one asking if the magician was able to go on with the show. “If you finished the show, you deserve an award. It would take superhuman strength to be able to stay on stage after that,” magician Chris Herrick commented on Instagram. “Finished the show (25 minutes remained. And did 2 more shoes 4 nights later)” Murphy responded. Other commenters took the opportunity to ridicule the attacker. “Tell me your insecure in your relationship without telling me your insecure in your relationship lol,” one user said. “Dog ruined the damn magic trick, now I will never know what was supposed to happen,” another user added. The Quantum of the Seas was on a five-day round trip Queensland cruise that departed from Brisbane on Feb. 26 and returned on March 3, according to an itinerary on CruiseMapper. Murphy’s website claims he has sold out over 300 shows in the US and holds the world record for the most times someone has performed the “Houdini Chinese Underwater Torture Cell.”