New details have emerged from the January arrest of former Georgia quarterback Stetson Bennett. The 25-year-old Bennett, who quarterbacked back-to-back national championships for Georgia, was arrested for public intoxication on Jan. 29 in Dallas, where he was training for the NFL Draft. He had been detained in the early morning hours after police received calls about a man who was banging on doors. Dallas police released their arrest report to the Athens Banner-Herald on Tuesday. The incident report said that police saw Bennett “walking further back in the gated area to hide behind a brick wall by a random (apartment) in attempt to possibly avoid (the arresting officers) detection.” Police said that the officers asked Bennett multiple times to come out from behind a wall. The quarterback said he was visiting a friend at the location, but could not provide the pal’s address or call him — because he was not in possession of a cell phone. Police said he smelled strongly of alcohol and that he could potentially be a victim of a crime were he not brought into custody. Bennett has not publicly commented on his arrest. The QB is in Indianapolis this week for the NFL Scouting Combine, and presents an interesting draft conundrum for the league’s franchises. A former walk-on, Bennett reflected on his college career and aspirations for the next level after winning his second straight championship. “I told people coming out of high school and coming up to Georgia, it’s the same concept. I was the starting quarterback in high school, people knew my name,” he said. “It was a small town but once you get to Georgia, it’s the same thing. And then once you hopefully go to the NFL, I imagine it’s the same thing. “People are going to have their opinions. My job is to go out there and play football, to get the ball in athletes hands and do it consistently and play hard and play to win.” He said he was not affected by outside noise. “People can say whatever, I hear it but I don’t really let it bother me,” Bennett continued. “You can’t listen to them when it’s good and then not listen to them when it’s bad or vice-versa. I just kind of hear it. “I know what I’m supposed to do and what my job is supposed to do. And how to work to be able to perform at that level. “It’s really hard. So I can’t be too focused on what everybody else has to say.”