A father caused an uproar on Reddit this week after he announced he would no longer help his daughter with her car payments because she has been working as a stripper. A 47-year-old man asked for the internet’s thoughts on his family feud in a viral “Am I the A–hole” post on Reddit, where he shared that a coworker informed him his daughter has been making money while attending college by stripping. The man, whose handle is LivingWitHorse, confronted his 22-year-old daughter, who is living on campus. He said he asked her to stop gigging as a dancer, saying she should “work at Mcdonald’s, not use her body” to earn money. “I asked her to quit stripping and get a decent job,” he wrote. “She refused and said stripping was easy money, so basically I said there was no need for me to pay her car payment anymore since she is making money so easily.“ “She got upset and said that wasn’t fair, and that she doesn’t make enough for that,” he went on. “I told her to figure it out.” The man said that his wife similarly didn’t approve of their daughter’s job choice, but agreed that it wasn’t fair for him to cut her off. “I think it’s perfectly fair,” he concluded. “It’s my money and my decision when to cut it off.” The post went viral, garnering more than 20,000 reactions, and has since received an “A–hole” tag. “[You’re the a–hole] dude. You can do what [you] want with your money, but you absolutely showed your true colors. And it’s red. As in red flags for the way you treat woman,” one commenter seethed. Many Reddit users took issue with the fact that his coworker decided to snitch on his daughter’s job, and they deemed them to be the real villain of the story. “What kind of a–hole tells a woman’s parents that they saw their daughter stripping, as if that’s any of his business to get into?” the post’s top commenter griped. “Your gross coworker, who goes to strip clubs to ogle women but then tattletales on them, is the biggest [a–hole] in this [in my opinion].” “Prob tried to hit on her and was told to f— off,” another hypothesized.