Now that the pandemic has put a new lease on life for companies willing to allow their employees to work from home permanently, cruises are getting creative. The company Life at Sea Cruises is offering a three-year world cruise, starting at $30,000 per year, that will cover “130,000 miles across all seven continents and 135 countries,” according to its website. Passengers have three options of departing from Istanbul on Nov. 1, Barcelona on Nov. 5, or Miami on Nov. 16. “Life at Sea Cruises is the first World Cruise specifically tailored to guests wanting to Cruise, Live, Work and Explore from their Home at Sea,” the website adds. “From a Pod System Embarkation Process to Free Medical Visits, from Free WIFI to the ability to invite Friends and Family for Free, we have thought of everything you need on an everyday basis to live your life to its fullest.” Passengers who are interested must sign up for all three years. The packages include 13-foot-wide stateroom cabins that run $30,000 per person for each year, or $180,000 for all three years for two people. Or you can get the balcony suites, which double in size and go up to $109,000 per year. There’s also the option of an outdoor cabin, which at its cheapest option runs $37,000 per person. You must secure your cabin with a $5,000 deposit. A minimum down payment of $45,000 is required by May. The price includes all meals, housekeeping and alcoholic beverages with dinner. There’s also a full-scale business center complete with meeting rooms, 14 offices, a business library and a lounge for all your work-from-home — or, in this case, work-from-sea — needs. “Professionals need connectivity, the right amenities and the functionality to perform their jobs,” Mikael Petterson, Life at Sea Cruises’s managing director, said in a statement. “There is no other cruise that offers this sort of flexibility to their customers.” Made up of 400 cabins, the cruise can accommodate up to 1,074 passengers. Features also include a sun deck and swimming pool, a wellness center, an auditorium and “multiple dining options” — plus a gym and a salon. Onboard instructors will be on hand to teach dance and music. Highlights include Christmas in Brazil and ringing in the new year in Argentina.