OJ Simpson believed Thursday that the Murdaugh murder trial could wrap up with the same conclusion a jury reached in his own bloody killing case. “I don’t know why they think I’m an expert,” the one-time murder suspect chuckled in a Twitter video captioned “People keep asking me my opinion of the Alex Murdaugh trial.” In the hours before Alex Murdaugh was found guilty of shooting his wife Maggie and son Paul to death on their sprawling South Carolina property, Simpson suggested that the disgraced attorney could get away with the case. Simpson admitted he believed Murdaugh committed the bloody crime, but was convinced there was enough “reasonable doubt” to exonerate Murdaugh — which was the same conclusion a jury reached in his own nationally-covered 1995 murder trial for the stabbing deaths of his ex-wife Nicole Brown and her friend Ron Goldman. “I am not qualified to really say if the guy did it or you didn’t do it,” Simpson said. “But from what I’ve seen, do I think it’s more likely that he did it? Yes. But more likely equals reasonable doubt.” The video sparked hundreds of replies pointing out the irony in Simpson’s video. “Man who killed his wife and her friend, and beat the charges despite not having the guts to take stand, wonders why people might think he’s an expert on an obviously guilty rich guy on trial for murdering his wife…” conservative radio host John Ziegler replied. “OJ Simpson giving his opinions about a murder trial where two people were murdered, allegedly by someone close to them. Yikes,” another user wrote. “If you google the definition of the word irony it should immediately take you to this video,” another said. Simpson theorized Murdaugh’s fatal flaw would be taking the stand, something the Heisman Trophy winner opted not to do in his own murder trial. “When the trial first started, I watched him take the stand and I thought it was probably a mistake because the guy is an admitted liar,” Simpson said. “And it’s hard for me to think he could be on the stand 5, 6, 7, 8 days without lying. Of course, I mean, what did he lie about? But lying and stealing money is a little different than murder.” In a follow-up video, Simpson directly compared the Murdaugh case to his own time as a murder suspect. The former football player claimed sheriffs officer watching him in jail while he was awaiting a verdict told him he could expect to go home a free man because the jury could clearly tell police officers lied during their testimony against Simpson. A lying defendant on the stand would equal on automatic conviction, the officers allegedly told Simpson. “Well, that seems to be the case here with Murdaugh. The one thing that the jury must have seen is that the guy is a liar. Once a guy’s a liar, you can’t believe anything he says,” Simpson said. “Down goes Murdaugh.”