New York Post readers can join the fun of Saturday’s college basketball action by using the BetMGM bonus code NPBONUS. BetMGM’s new customer offer lets bettors place their initial wager up to $1,000, and if it loses, they would still get back that same amount in bet credits, aka bonus bets. Click the link below to learn more about BetMGM’s offer ahead of Saturday’s college hoops slate. If you aren’t a basketball fan and want to bet on something else, this offer works for any sport on BetMGM. New BetMGM customers can claim the bonus code NPBONUS to get up to $1,000 in bonus bets. If you create an account and place a $170 losing bet – you would still get back $170 in bet credits with the bonus code. This works for any amount up to $1,000. The first Saturday of March is here, which means the mid-major conference tournaments are well underway while the power conferences are wrapping up the regular season. The schedule begins with a ranked SEC showdown when No. 24 Texas A&M hosts No. 2 Alabama at noon ET. At the same time, No. 7 Baylor plays Iowa State in Waco and No. 20 Providence hosts Seton Hall. From there, No. 20 Marquette takes on St. John’s in Milwaukee and Louisville plays at No. 13 Virginia. The country roads take No. 11 Kansas State up to West Virginia to face the Mountaineers, while ranked SEC heavyweights No. 12 Tennessee and No. 23 Kentucky go on the road to play Auburn and Arkansas, respectively. Saturday’s action heats up later in the day with ranked-on-ranked matchups in Austin and Miami. No. 9 Texas hosts No. 3 Kansas in a massive Big 12 duel, then the No. 16 Miami Hurricanes host the No. 25 Pitt Panthers in a critical ACC showdown. Later on, No. 19 Xavier plays Butler in Cincinnati, No. 14 UConn plays at Villanova, and No. 18 San Diego State hosts Wyoming. It all comes to a close in Los Angeles when the No. 4 UCLA Bruins clash with the No. 8 Arizona Wildcats. If a bet on one of these games is calling your name, jump on the BetMGM bonus code NPBONUS to score up to $1,000 in bonus bets. New and existing players. Must be 21+. AZ, CO, DC, IA, IL, IN, KS, LA, MD, MI, NJ, TN, VA, PA, WV, WY only. Full T&C apply.. One of the easiest ways to get yourself a load of bet credits is through BetMGM’s very generous “refer a friend” scheme. BetMGM allows bettors to refer up to 20 friends, with both getting a $50 bonus. Your friend will need to make their first deposit and place their $50 bonus on any sport at odds of -200 or greater in order for you to claim your bonus. For Ohio: 21+ and present in OH. Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER.