An impromptu trip to Hungary resulted in two friends spending their vacation over 500 miles away from their intended destination. Sophie Alice, shared the misadventures she took with her friend, Ben Kennedy, after he tried to surprise her with a trip to Budapest, Hungary but accidentally bought plane tickets to Bucharest, Romania. The pair realized the mistake when they were in line to board their flight as the gate sign read “Bucharest,” the capital of Romania instead of Budapest, the capital of Hungary. In the video captioned “When you thought you had booked flights to Budapest,” a Ryanair boarding sign displays “Bucharest 08:00” while the duo mouth the word “s—t” several times with the voice-over of the video. Replying to various commenters asking if they did go to Romania, Alice responded with an enthusiastic yes. “Yes we went, of course we went, it was great,” Alice said before explaining how the trip began. “My best friend lives in Australia normally, now he’s gone to New Zealand, he came over and surprised me, I had no idea he was coming,” Alice said. Upon the initial surprise visit, Kennedy also surprised Alice with plane tickets. “Then he was like a surprise, also I booked us a trip away we’re going somewhere in Eastern Europe, and yeah it ended up being Bucharest, Romania,” Alice told her TikTok audience. The duo made light of the unexpected detour of their plans. Alice shared moments of the Romanian getaway, showcasing the different cities they traveled to, the food, and even a concert. In another video, the pair posed holding hands at different sites in the European country including at Transylvania’s Bran Castle, better known as Dracula’s Castle. Some commenters had some fun with the mishap asking if they made it back home without any trouble. “Be careful to not mix Austria with Australia,” said one TikTok user on the original post. One user by the name of Frequent Flyer reassured the Alice of not missing out on much saying “Honestly, Bucharest is nicer than Budapest.” Romania is the most underrated place, of all the cities I’ve been to – there is so much to do there! It happened for a reason,” another commenter added. A New York man had a similar experience when he attempted to fly to Sydney, Australia, but actually flew to the small town of Sidney, Montana. Kingsley Burnett had chosen to fly to the airport with the code SDY instead of SYD. “I saw the little plane with like 9 passengers and wondered ‘how is that going to get me to Australia.’” Burnett told The Post in February. “That was when I caught onto the mistake I made.”