TAMPA — They call him “El Marciano” — the Martian — allegedly because he has talent from another world. And he keeps sending them into orbit at Yankees camp. He rocketed his fourth homer out of George M. Steinbrenner Field Saturday, sending it to the roof of the right-field pavilion. Yes, there’s a lot to like about Jasson Dominguez, who just turned 20 last month, and it’s not only his otherworldly power. Yankees scouts saw that potential when he was barely a child in the Domincan Republic, bestowing a $5.1 million bonus on the switch-hitting center fielder when he was 16, but it’s the progress team officials talk about now following what may have been seen as a rather earthly start considering the initial investment (the $5.1 million was 94 percent of their international bonus money for their 2019-20 class). The bonus baby is maturing before their eyes, and ours. The kid is special, and not just because he has a major league nickname. He has a five-tool pedigree, leading with that power, and a maturity in the box. They love to talk about how Dominguez knows the strike zone. But it’s more than that. Sure, he’s got the cool nickname, and a nifty picture of a Martian on his glove (he obviously likes the moniker). But he’s growing up. He looks very comfortable and content here. He tries interviews in English now, and succeeds at that, too. He sent one to the moon in the bottom of the ninth against the rival Red Sox, and he just laid the bat down. “I didn’t feel the bat flip at the moment,” Dominguez told me in English. “We were down by six, eight runs. If it was for a tie or a win, that’s a good time for a bat flip. Down by eight runs, I didn’t think it was time for a bat flip.” One question in Yankees camp is whether there’s any chance in this world it’s Dominguez time for the Yankees. While the Yankees haven’t said anything officially, it’s fair to say center fielder Harrison Bader will miss Opening Day with his oblique injury. Manager Aaron Boone came closest, putting a six-week estimate on it — although Bader isn’t ruling it out. “I will remain super positive and be back when the baseball Gods let me!” the super positive Bader told me via text, without putting a timetable on it. Regardless of his optimal attitude, the chances Bader will be back by the March 30 opener are extremely minimal. It’s much more likely the Yankees will go with one of these options to replace Bader on Opening Day: 1) Rafael Ortega, the ex-Cub who has done nicely down here; 2) Estevan Florial, a former big prospect who hasn’t done it yet in the majors; 3) Aaron Hicks, the likely starting left fielder who can be moved to center; 4) Aaron Judge, who was brilliant last year in center, too, but whom the Yankees badly want to keep in right to preserve his excellent health (it’s partly why they got Bader, as Brian Cashman pointed out); and 5) A player who isn’t here and arrives by trade. Of course, while the chances Dominguez gets the call to replace Bader with only five Double-A games on his résumé are close to zero, it’s still fun to think about. Though Dominguez is mature enough to understand the odds. “It’s not something on my mind, I’ve got to focus on the present,” Dominguez said. “That’s not something I’m paying close attention to or thinking about.” Dominguez, who’s 5-foot-10 and looks to be 200-plus pounds of muscle, has been fun to watch, that’s for sure. He cranked yet another no-doubt homer in the Yankees’ 6-3 defeat Saturday, and this time it was off a big leaguer, Phillies right-hander Connor Brogdon. At the very least, Dominguez certainly provided an impressive diversion during a down week that has been lowlighted by all the injuries to pitchers, plus of course Bader. Everyone is at least taking notice. And while Opening Day seems beyond the reach of Dominguez, his timetable must be moving up. “He continues to just show why we invested so heavily in him, which is great. He’s an exciting talent. And he’s determined and he’s hungry. So he’s got all the attributes you need,” Cashman said. “He’s got the physical ability matching the competitive fire and the will to succeed. The sky’s the limit.” Seemingly, the sky hasn’t held some of those shots. And while word is Dominguez was offered in a package for Luis Castillo, the Yankees’ top pitching target last summer, his stock has been rising ever since. Team executives marvel at the improvement they are seeing over the last year. He posted a .906 OPS at Class-A Hudson Valley in 2022. “Last year was a huge year for him in terms of putting himself on the map and climbing the ladder,” Cashman said. He has climbed several rungs in these short few weeks here. It’s doubtful that Dominguez is climbing his way to The Bronx at age 20, but his time does suddenly look a lot closer.