CNN political analyst Kasie Hunt went into a “13-minute sudden labor” in the bathroom of her home before giving birth to a healthy baby girl, the journalist said. Hunt revealed her second child with husband Matthew Mario Rivera weighed in at 8 pounds, 4 ounces after Wednesday’s unplanned delivery, according to  PEOPLE Magazine. “We were expecting her to arrive via a scheduled C-section on Thursday morning. She had other plans!” the relieved parents told PEOPLE in a statement. “We are thrilled to announce the birth of our baby girl, Grey Hunt Rivera. Proud big brother [Mars Hunt, 3½] can’t stop talking about his new baby sister.” Hunt, 37, went on to joke that “Grey is already showing us her independent streak.” “Grey was born at home, early Wednesday morning, after 13 minutes of sudden labor — before there was even time to call the paramedics,” according to the couple. “Dad sprang into action and delivered baby Grey on the bathroom floor.” “We are so grateful to the 911 operators and the DC Fire & EMS team,” the couple told PEOPLE. “Step-by-step, they talked us through the incredibly intense moments right after she was born and as she took her first breaths.” The couple added: “Thank you to the firefighters and paramedics on the scene who treated mom and baby at home and then brought us safely to Sibley Hospital in Washington.” “It’s a day we’ll never forget!” “We’re so excited about life as a family of four — and reminded it’s going to be that much more unpredictable!” the Hunt Riveras told the magazine. The birth of her second daughter is a joyous occasion for Kasie Hunt, who recently weathered some trying times. In October 2021, she revealed that she underwent a four-hour operation to remove a benign tumor from her brain. She said that the tumor was discovered in August 2021 — right around the time that she started her new role at CNN. Hunt was hired by then-CNN boss Jeff Zucker, who planned to feature her as part of the star-studded lineup that would draw viewers to the cable channel’s streaming service CNN+. But Zucker was forced to quit after it was learned that he was having a years-long consensual relationship with his top marketing officer, Allison Gollust. CNN+ also launched just as parent company Warner Bros. and Discovery were completing their multi-billion dollar merger. With a new management structure in place, the company went on a cost-cutting spree, axing CNN+ just weeks into its inception. Hunt, who frequently appears alongside Jake Tapper during his “The Lead” broadcast,  joined CNN after decamping from Comcast-owned MSNBC, where she served as an anchor and a Capitol Hill correspondent. The 37-year-old Dearborn, Mich., native cut her journalistic teeth as a national political reporter for the Associated Press news wire before being poached by NBC News. Hunt met her future husband, Rivera, when they both worked out of NBC News’ Washington, DC, bureau. In addition to being a journalist and producer, Rivera is an adjunct professor at New York University.