New users at BetMGM Sportsbook can unlock up to $1,000 in bonus bets if their first bet loses. Just apply the BetMGM bonus code NPBONUS when signing up for BetMGM ahead of tonight’s action. See how to claim your bonus bets and preview an exciting NBA matchup. This offer can be used on any game in any sport, and is available in all BetMGM states besides New York and Washington D.C. If you’re signing up in newly-launched Massachusetts but already have a BetMGM account elsewhere, you’ll need to sign up for a new account. How does the offer work? After inputting BetMGM bonus code NPBONUS, make your first wager up to $1,000. If that wager loses, you’ll be refunded in bonus bets equal to whatever you lost. If your first bet wins, you keep the profit and original bet amount. New BetMGM bettors can claim this fantastic offer. They can receive up to $1,000 back in bonus bets if their first bet loses when they sign up with the BetMGM bonus code NPBONUS. This offer can be used on any matchup or market. Just follow the link below to  get started. Sports betting is officially live in Massachusetts and now residents can get in on the action.   They can now access the same offer as any other state. However, remember to use the BetMGM bonus code NPBONUS when signing up. Two of the eastern conference’s best are set to clash as the Cleveland Cavaliers take on the Miami Heat. The Cavs are bringing the heat as they have won four of their last five games entering this matchup. Interestingly enough, their latest victory was over this same Miami Heat team. It made them 3-0 against the Heat on the season.However, oddsmakers are not counting Miami in this matchup as they are just 1.5-point underdogs. It would certainly help if they could get point guard Kyle Lowry back, as he’s listed as a game-time decision.This may be the spot to buy low on Miami, and you can get them at a nice plus-money moneyline at home.  Since you could use your BetMGM bonus offer on one of tonight’s NBA matchups, let’s go over how it works to ensure success. So, suppose you deposit $500 and bet it all on Miami +1.5 (-110) against Cleveland this Friday at BetMGM.  21+. NY, CO, DC, IA, IN, MI, NJ, NV, PA, TN, WV, IA, VA, WV, and WY only. T&Cs apply. If padding your bankroll without actually placing a bet sounds good to you, then you’ll want to check out BetMGM’s “refer a friend” bonus. BetMGM allows users to refer up to 20 friends, and each time that one of your friends signs up, both of you will receive a $50 bet bonus. For you to claim your bonus, your friend will need to make their first deposit and place their $50 bonus on any side, total, or prop at -200 odds or greater. If you or a loved one is experiencing problems with gambling, please call 1-800-327-5050 or visit gamblinghelplinema.org for 24/7 support. LiveChat with a GameSense Advisor at GameSenseMA.com or call 1-800-GAM-1234