Prince Harry said he “smothers” his two children with the affection he never got from his own father growing up in a ticketed livestream chat with a trauma expert Saturday. The Duke of Sussex, 38, said he constantly hugs his 3-year-old son Archie and 21-month-old daughter Lilibet, who he shares with wife Meghan Markle, to show them the love his own childhood lacked, he said in a sitdown with Dr. Gabor Maté. The pair discussed the exiled royal’s bombshell memoir, “Spare,” in the virtual event — which cost viewers $33.09 and included a copy of the fastest-selling non-fiction -book of all time. Among the many revelations he made in the book, Harry wrote that he wished his father, King Charles III, and his late grandmother, Queen Elizabeth II, had been more affectionate when he was growing up. That upbringing, he told Maté, had a tremendous impact on how he is raising his own children. He is “making sure that I smother them with love and affection,” Harry said, but not “to the point that they’re trying to get away,” he joked. Harry did admit to having moments where he might not be “smothering them with that love” as much as he should, but reminds himself to — thanks to his therapy sessions. The Duke of Sussex added that he feels a “huge responsibility” to not pass on “any traumas or negative experiences” he’s had to his two kids. “And that’s work, that’s putting in the work — and daily — being conscious of my behavior, of my reactions to both of my kids,” Harry said. Harry said Megxit — the move he and Markle made to California after quitting the royal family in 2020 — gave the couple “more agency” as parents, to raise their children “in a way that’s really beneficial and good for them.” The ex-pat did recognize how lucky they were to have the “resources” to make the change that “not everyone can do.” Harry did say that “elements” of his royal upbringing were “incredible,” while others were “incredibly painful.” His mother, Princess Diana, died in a car crash in 1997, a year after she and then-Prince Charles divorced. Prince Harry has recently spoken about his fractured relationship with his father, King Charles III, who reportedly had “no appetite to engage” with his far-flung son following the release of his tell-all book.