Newly-minted memoirist Pamela Anderson waxes nostalgic about her relationship with Tommy Lee in a soon-to-drop Netflix documentary. Debuting Jan. 31, “Pamela, A Love Story” paints an intimate portrait of the “Baywatch” star’s life, revealing that Lee, her first husband and notorious sex tape partner, remains her one true love. “It’s probably gonna get me a lot of s–t for saying this, but I really loved your dad for all the right reasons. And I don’t think I’ve ever loved anybody else,” Anderson, 55, tells eldest son Brandon Lee, 26. The former Playboy bunny was involved with the Mötley Crüe rocker from 1995 to 1998 — their notoriously messy relationship was the subject of the Golden Globe-nominated Hulu series “Pam & Tommy.” Both of the two children they have together — Brandon and Dylan, 25 — appear in the doc. Anderson divorced Lee following an altercation in 1998 that led to Lee serving six months in jail for spousal abuse. Post-Lee, the 1992 Playboy centerfold had a string of short-lived marriages, including one to Kid Rock and two to poker player Rick Salomon, who she alleges hid a crack pipe in her Christmas tree. But in the documentary, she maintains that Lee was always the one. She also said that none of her other partners liked Lee because they had “almost like a jealousy” about her relationship with him, which never gave her and Lee the opportunity to be “friends” while they co-parented their sons. “I never got over not being able to make it work with the father of my kids,” she says in the film. “And even though I thought I could recreate a family or fall in love with somebody else, it’s just not me. So I think that’s probably why I keep failing in all of my relationships.” The documentary also covers her parents’ tumultuous relationship during her isolated and harrowing childhood in Canada, which she says set an example for her. “My parents were wild and crazy and madly in love, and made stupid decisions, and hurt each other and hurt us. But they stuck it out, and I can see that they’re happy now. So I think I’d rather be alone than not be with the father of my kids,” she says. “It’s impossible to be with anybody else.” But for Anderson, who briefly reconciled with Lee in 2008 before splitting for good, the third time probably won’t be the charm. “I don’t think I could be with Tommy, either,” she concludes. “It’s almost like a punishment.”