MIAMI GARDENS, Fla. — A few weeks ago, this Week 18 matchup between the Jets and Dolphins looked as if it could have major playoff implications for both teams. Instead, it is only meaningful for one of them. Both the Jets (7-9) and Dolphins (8-8) have lost five straight games, but Miami now needs to win Sunday and hope the Bills beat the Patriots to make the postseason. The Jets, on the other hand, were eliminated from contention last week. Jets head coach Robert Saleh said they view this week as “another championship game.” “I know it’s technically not,” Saleh said, “but you have to keep your mindset that any time you have a chance to step on the field, you’ve got to step on the gas and do the absolute best you can.” The Jets will have Joe Flacco starting at quarterback after Mike White was ruled out due to broken ribs. Zach Wilson will serve as his backup, and the way this Jets season has gone, would anyone be surprised if he is pressed into action? During this losing streak, the Jets have been terrible on offense, scoring just four touchdowns in their past five games and none in their past two. It seems unlikely that Flacco, who last started in Week 3, can jump-start the offense. With a makeshift offensive line and Flacco back at quarterback, this game feels like a preseason game. But the Jets swear they will be motivated to play. “You’ve got to go back to the reason you come to work,” linebacker C.J. Mosley said, “and that’s to win, play for you brothers and represent yourself.” Though the Jets know their season will end on Sunday, the Dolphins still can sneak in. “You’ve got to win, that’s all it comes down to,” Dolphins safety Jevon Holland said. “Whatever you got to do, however you got to prepare. You’ve got to win.” The Jets have not swept the Dolphins since 2015 and have not won at Miami since 2014. Though his team no longer has the postseason to play for, Saleh believes the Jets will show up. “One thing I love about this league is that when those players put those helmets on, they’re professionals, they get it,” Saleh said. “There’s a lot of pride in players, there’s a lot of pride in coaches to go out there, and regardless of your record, to go out there and do your absolute best. So, I’m not worried about our guys getting up for this game and trying to play spoiler.”