She’s always been 13 going on 30. A woman on TikTok named Jessica is going viral for her age-defying throwback pictures where the then-teenager better resembles a college-ready or professional-aged woman. Her viral video came about after a user commented on a previous video, asking Jessica: “How u look 30 for the past 10 years without being 30?” That sent Jessica digging through her archives to find photographic evidence of her always mature-looking appearance — a move that racked up more than 2.2 million views in just three days. “People always think this is a photo of my parents — and not just me, at 14,” Jessica said in reference to her and her father sitting on a motorcycle. “I’ve been 30 since I was 13.” Jessica then switched to another photo of her and another female friend in bikinis with a bare-chested teenage boy between them. “I’m 15 in this photo and they’re 16 and this is always the photo that people will be like, ‘Oh my God, that’s such a clear example of how you look elderly in comparison,'” she said about herself in a red two-piece. She then provided examples of her everyday office casual-inspired looks which resembled more like she was a high school teacher — and not a student. Lastly, Jessica showed off a look where she pulled a pencil skirt “up to [her] t-ts” because she wanted to show some “upper knee. “ “Thankfully, since I was 14 years old, I have had a size 10 foot, so I could wear all my mom’s sexy boots,” Jessica again joked. While one user declared Jessica was “born a real estate agent,” fellow millennial TikTok users reassured her that the particular era was to blame for her fashion choices. “The 2000s/2010s did us so dirty with the business casual style. Whyyyy,” one person wrote. “I remember the business casual era.. even to the club,” another agreed. “This era was horrid for fashion,” another declared. “I used to wear blazers and pencil skirts like every day as a teen, and now at 29 I’m out here wearing crop tops and short shorts.” “A guy once told me he showed a photo of me to his mom, and she said, ‘You can’t date her. That’s a 30-year-old woman.’ I was 14,” another user empathized.” “tbh u look younger now than half of these pics,” one other laughed. Meanwhile, a Gen Z TikToker recently told The Post about her generation’s uniquely entitled spin on manifestation by simply believing that great things will happen to them with no other effort.