WASHINGTON — President Biden admitted Thursday that more classified documents were found inside his Delaware garage — near his prized classic Corvette — after the revelation Monday that 10 sensitive documents were found at Biden’s former think tank office in Washington. The jaw-dropping disclosure comes as the Justice Department reviews whether Biden mishandled classified information — a potential crime — after he left office as vice president in 2017. Thursday afternoon, Attorney General Merrick Garland appointed former Maryland US Attorney Robert Hur as special counsel to examine the matter. “Classified materials next to your Corvette? What were you thinking?” Fox News reporter Peter Doocy asked Biden after he spoke about annual inflation edging lower to 6.5% in December. “My Corvette is in a locked garage, OK? So it’s not like they’re sitting out on the street,” Biden replied, seeming to brush off the significance of the discovery. “So it was in a locked garage?” Doocy persisted. “Yes, as well as my Corvette,” Biden admitted. “But as I said earlier this week, people know I take classified documents and classified material seriously,” the president added. “I also said we’re cooperating fully and completely with the Justice Department’s review. As part of that process, my lawyers reviewed other places where documents might —  from my time as vice president — were stored and they finished the review last night. They discovered a small number of documents with classified markings in storage areas and file cabinets in my home and my personal library.” Biden added, “The Department of Justice was immediately notified and the lawyers arranged for the Department of Justice to take possession of the document [sic]. So you’re gonna see, we’re gonna see all this unfold. I’m confident.” The 80-year-old Biden took his 1967 Corvette Stingray for a spin on an episode of CNBC’s “Jay Leno’s Garage” that aired back in October. Biden’s green convertible features a 350-horsepower V8 engine and a four-speed manual transmission. Moments before Biden spoke, White House special counsel Richard Sauber had made the initial garage disclosure in a written statement. “Following the discovery of government documents at the Penn Biden Center in November 2022, and coordinating closely with the Department of Justice, the President’s lawyers have searched the President’s Wilmington and Rehoboth Beach, Delaware, residences – the other locations where files from his Vice-Presidential office might have been shipped in the course of the 2017 transition. The lawyers completed that review last night,” Sauber said. “During the review, the lawyers discovered among personal and political papers a small number of additional Obama-Biden Administration records with classified markings. All but one of these documents were found in storage space in the President’s Wilmington residence garage. One document consisting of one page was discovered among stored materials in an adjacent room. No documents were found in the Rehoboth Beach residence.” Sauber added, “As was done in the case of the Penn-Biden Center, the Department of Justice was immediately notified, and the lawyers arranged for the Department of Justice to take possession of these documents.” CNN reported Wednesday that 10 documents — touching on Iran, Ukraine and the UK — that were recovered at the Penn Biden Center Nov. 2 had classified markings and were dated between 2013 and 2016. They were found mixed in with Biden family papers — including information about the funeral arrangements for the president’s son Beau, who died in 2015. Some of the documents were reportedly labeled “top secret,” the highest level of government classification. Garland said the DOJ had been notified of the initial document discovery Nov. 4 — four days before the midterm elections — and added that the papers at Biden’s home were located Dec. 20. Under the Presidential Records Act of 1978, documents from each administration’s president and vice president are considered public and are transferred to the National Archives in preparation for deposit in a future presidential library. The Act specifically puts the onus on the outgoing administration to separate personal records from presidential and vice presidential records. Meanwhile, NBC News reported Thursday that multiple former aides to the then-vice president had been interviewed by federal law enforcement officials. Chicago US Attorney John Lausch was tasked by Garland with an initial review of the Biden documents, a process that reportedly has been completed. In addition to the Presidential Records Act, federal law states that officials who permit the removal of classified information from its rightful place through “gross negligence” can be imprisoned for up to ten years. Thursday’s revelation followed the dramatic Aug. 8 raid on former President Donald Trump’s Mar-a-Lago club and residence in Palm Beach, Fla., in an effort to retrieve classified documents. Biden at the time unleashed on his predecessor, telling “60 Minutes” on Spet. 18, that Trump had been “irresponsible” in holding on to the papers after leaving office in January 2021. “I thought, ‘What data was in there that may compromise sources and methods?'” Biden told CBS News’ Scott Pelley. “By that I mean names of people who helped or th– et cetera. And it just– totally irresponsible.” On Nov. 18, Garland appointed prosecutor Jack Smith as a special counsel to oversee the investigation into Trump’s retention of classified documents as well as the 45th president’s efforts to overturn the 2020 presidential election. It is not clear whether Garland knew of the Biden classified documents when he tapped Smith for the job. Biden has routinely visited his Wilmington home during his nearly two years as president. Given the frequency of his visits there, The Post has repeatedly pressed for details about who the president is meeting with at his home, but the Secret Service has insisted it keeps no records of his visitors there.