Unleash the Kraken! Or, actually, please don’t. We are talking about the newest COVID strain, which like the actual creature, is a beast when caught and is currently running rampant in the United States right now. Want to tame the beast? We know we are a broken record, but the best way to do so is with a mask. However, not just any mask will do anymore, especially for this current XBB.1.5. strain, now nicknamed Kraken. New data from the CDC shows that this variant now accounts for about 41% of confirmed COVID cases across the nation, as seen in tracking visuals here. Do we all remember how to protect against highly transmissible viruses? If not, Armbrust American is here to help, at least with the masking part of things. “Counterfeit KN95s were a massive problem during the early part of the pandemic,” said Lloyd Armbrust, founder of Armbrust American. “I found that incredibly frustrating, not just because fake masks can get people sick, but because the Chinese KN95 is actually a good standard for consumer PPE.  The American N95 may offer a better seal, but in general, people prefer ear-loops over head-straps.” So, what do we do about preference versus protection? In Armbrust’s case, we find a hybrid solution, via their newly redesigned KN95 masks. Their USA-Made KN95 masks now have important improvements including an improved nose wire, ear-loops and a better seal to keep the virus out, plus improved breathability and new colors to cater toward personal preference. Starting with their white mask, the new KN95s now meet both the Chinese GB2626 standards and doubles as an FDA-cleared 510k surgical mask — a win-win. No matter what, masking up is still the way to go, even three years after the pandemic’s start. So long as you have a good seal and choose a mask that meets proper filtration standards. However, there are still choices you can make when it comes to which mask is right for you. Armbrust broke it down for us, depending on risk, offering three high-quality and American-made options you can buy right now. For a lower-risk situation, say heading out for errands, the three-fold surgical mask is still a great option. The denim blue color is a great everyday shade, and the three-ply protection offers two-way filtration and is FDA-cleared. Orders start at 50 masks and can also be bought in bulk with as many as 2,000 for large families, businesses and more. At the end of the day, these masks provide a better seal than the above, and so offer better protection in more risky situations like public transportation, grocery shopping and other activities with higher risk individuals or in more crowded spaces. “Our Armbrust USA-KN95 is an FDA-cleared surgical mask, a 510k mask with the improved fit/seal provided by the KN95 shape,” reads the product page. It also offers five layers of protection and is sold in individually wrapped quantities starting at five masks per order. See more KN95 masks for adults and children here. For an ergonomic fit and a cushioned feel, the brand new Breathe99 Elastomeric mask is worth the wait. It on listed for pre-sale right now, so sign up to be first in line to purchase when they become available on Feb. 15. The masks cost $59 and come in black, blue and silver, each sold with five sets of filters and two filter caps. Another bonus — these masks are reusable and perfect for those that wear glasses, as the tight seal helps prevent foggy glasses and steamed-up sunglasses. Lastly, for the most protection in the highest risk situations, say flying on an airplane, being around sick individuals or being in a crowded area for a long period of time, the N95 respirators are recommended. There are a number of options sold on Armbrust’s site, each tested against NIOSH standards. For those that like the folded style of mask, typical of the KN95s seen above, then the IFM N95 Respirator is for you. For a duck-bill fit that many prefer for more breathing room, they also sell the Gerson 3230 N95 Respirator or the surgical blue ACI N95 Surgical Respirator. See more N95 respirators for adults and children here. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.