Hey, girlfriend! Yes, you, as anyone reading our articles is a gal pal of ours. With Valentine’s Day coming up, love is in the air, but it doesn’t have to be the mushy romantic type saved for couples. Instead, love can be for your besties, male or female, in a Galentine’s celebration for 2023. “Galentine’s” traditions came to true popularity with the show “Parks and Recreation,” staring the ultimate girl’s girl, Amy Poehler. Her character, Leslie, explains that the day before Valentine’s Day (Feb. 13) is a day to honor and spoil your friends, as opposed to your significant others. “Every Feb. 13, my lady-friends and I leave our husbands and our boyfriends at home, and we just come and kick it, breakfast-style. Ladies celebrating ladies. It’s like Lilith Fair, minus the angst. Plus frittatas,” she says in season 2, episode 16. In honor of your bestest buddies and of course, Leslie, we want to make sure you shower your gals this season with a gift that shows how much you value their friendship — then go host a brunch, a sleepover or binge some great rom-coms before Valentine’s Day 2023. Show that your friendship is everlasting with a mini rose from Venus ET Fleur. The company specializes in eternity flowers, that are preserved — scent and petals — made to last for up to a year and sometimes longer. Don’t just tell them how much you care; show them with these affirmative hearts. The complementary cutouts and the case can be customized, too, for even more heartfelt gifting. Besties for life! The friendship bracelet is a perfect and classic gift for a BFF, but this one has a Valentine’s Day twist. In collaboration with Sweethearts, note the adorable yellow Conversation Hearts added to your bracelet. Sweeten up your bestie’s day with a whole lot of candy and sweet treats. Dylan’s Candy Bar is a great place to shop for just that — may we recommend this variety pack?  Nothing says “I love you” more than an adorable and hilarious bear from the workshop that does it all. We’re talking Build-A-Bear Workshop and their adult Bear Cave collection. We love this very Galentine’s focused bear, but feel free to browse around. From teddy bears to tequila, our list has it all. This tequila from Calirosa also just so happens to be pink, which is perfect for any Galentine’s Day celebrations you may be toasting at. Sprinkle some love by way of cupcakes this Galentine’s Day. Even if you do not live near the amazing cupcake bakery, you can now get Sprinkles delivered nationwide. If your friendship is a tale as old as time… you’d better write it down! This adorable book can be customized with your friend’s name on the cover, plus a dedication and the ten reasons why you love them. Share the gift of self care with your BFF. This funny and cute candle is a great way to gift them something they can use and enjoy, relaxing with the scents of mint and eucalyptus. For the bestie that loves to cook and/or drink wine, this is a great Galentine’s gift. The Papier journal is decorated with vino on the front and then has room for recipes inside, so she can start planning the next gal’s gathering menu ASAP. Maybe the author of this article is biased since she got this from her BFF… but we really do stand behind Glossier You. The Post office even gave it a whiff, so why not try it for yourself and then give it to your best buddy. Honestly, most of our female friendships have some story that happened in Claire’s. Celebrate the season of love and giving with these super cute plush slippers, from the store that started it all. Send good vibes, love and a protected phone their way. The adorable phone cases from Casetify come in almost too many colors, sizes and prints. Browse around for your BFF’ favorite color or design, or opt for this one to share love and positivity. Instead of a physical gift, why not give your bestie ultimate relaxation and fun by way of a staycation. ResortPass can do just that, providing day passes to local hotels, with spa passes, work-from-home packages, pool time and more. Get a pass for yourself too, for the best BFF day out ever. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.