New Yorkers’ top  bagel choice is as plain as day. The CEO of H&H Bagels served up stats on favorite flavors ahead of National Bagel Day on Jan. 15. “Plain and everything are by far the biggest volume,” Jay Rushin told The Post. “Then after that is sesame and cinnamon raisin. And then it kind of falls off pretty dramatically.” The Manhasset, Long Island, resident, who bought the brand in 2014, dished that plain is also his go-to order. “That’s how I can really taste the bagel … the seeds, raisins, or cinnamon can kind of mask that underlying flavor profile,” he said. That said, he is debuting some tasty newcomers on National Bagel Day — asiago, and jalapeno cheddar. “The problem is you’ve got to find the right cheese that matches a bagel,” he explained of the years-long process to create the new bagels. “Some of the cheeses we tested just didn’t have a lot of flavors. Then some of them were too sharp.” Prior to his foray into the food industry, Rushin, 52, worked on Wall Street for 20 years as a portfolio manager in equities. He prefers working with bagel dough. “On Wall Street, you’re worried about today, this week, this month, this quarter, this year,” he said. “Every single day … they would come around and pass out a piece of paper with your performance relative to your peer group. Like literally it was a piece of paper on your desk every morning.” Rushin explained that the secret to success is in the baking. “There are a lot of steps in making a bagel. And it’s very easy to skip or shorten a lot of those steps and they still end up with a bagel, but it’s just lower quality,” he said. “We retard and proof our bagels 12 hours a day.” They also use high-quality flour which yields bagels with up to 14 grams of protein each. “If you go the grocery [store] and pull most bagels off the shelf and look in the back, it’s gonna be seven, eight, nine grams of protein.” The company has five locations in the Big Apple — and has delivered its bagels as far as South Korea. When Rushin took over H&H, which in 2021 announced plans to franchise nationally, it did not have bacon egg, and cheese sandwiches on the menu. Now, the company sells 75,000 of them a year. And when the CEO first installed a griddle to make them, he got egg on his face. “We literally almost burnt the entire building down,” he explained of his Upper East Side shop. Another trying time was during the cream cheese shortage of late 2021, when his employees had to spread themselves thin. “There was one week where we were sending our drivers around to Costcos all over the metro area, buying every cream cheese they could find,” he said.