One of the most popular New Year’s resolutions that people make each year has to do with creating a healthier lifestyle. While there are many components that must work together to make that happen — including exercise, motivation and diet — buying healthier snacks may be a great place to start. With moderation and making better decisions on what you put inside your body, anything is possible! Whether you already love eating well and are searching for new healthy snack options or you’re just embarking on a health journey and need some inspiration — we’ve got you covered. Almost every item on our list are all or at least one: vegan, dairy-free, gluten-free or non-GMO. Consider replacing one of these snacks with your favorite bag of potato chips and chocolate chip cookies — who knows, you may even like these options better! What snack is more simple, satiating, or all-American than good ole’ fashioned trail mix? Well, Raw Generation, known for its impressive Signature Reset program and best-selling Skinny Cleanse, took the salty, satisfying snack to the next level. By swapping the candy-coated chocolate pieces (you know the ones) with organic antioxidant-rich raw cacao nibs and dropping raisins in favor of flavorful sultanas and goji berries, this trail mix is not only scrumptious, but it’s also smart. Rounded out by protein-packed pumpkin and sunflower seeds, almonds, and Brazil nuts, the only thing you’re sacrificing with this trail mix is the empty calories. If you have a sweet tooth, consider trying Smart Sweets. All of the gummies are made with a very little amount of sugar (amount varies by product) and every ingredient is made without GMO. For an extra special treat, throw a bag in the freezer. This variety pack includes sweet fish, gummy bears, peach rings and more. Lenny & Larry’s cookies are a healthy dessert option or can even be a little protein snack before a workout. Each cookie is vegan and dairy-free, made with plant-based protein, contains 10 grams of fiber and no high fructose corn syrup or artificial sweeteners. This variety pack comes with eight different flavors including classic chocolate chip, birthday cake, double chocolate and others. Make your movie popcorn guilt-free with these individual 100 calorie bags of SkinnyPop. They’re all-natural, gluten-free, non-GMO and vegan. For the times you’re craving an extra special dessert, consider the Dolci di Maria brownies. They’re gluten-free and dairy-free. The brand also makes delicious guilt-free biscottis. Popcorners are perfect for those who have a hard time giving up their beloved Doritos. They give you the same crunch sensation and come in three fun flavors: white cheddar, sea salt and kettle corn. Quaker’s rice crisps are another great crunchy snack that won’t pack on the pounds. This variety pack is available in buttermilk ranch, apple cinnamon, cheddar and caramel flavors. For a little extra protein in your guilt-free snack, consider Hippeas, which is mainly made of chickpeas and contains 4 grams of protein and 3 grams of fiber. The EPIC Chicken Sriracha Protein Bars are a perfect on-the-go snack for every pantry. They’re made with 13 grams of protein and non-GMO chicken with a special sriracha spice blend. The brand also makes bars with beef, venison and bison. Harvest Snaps’ Baked Snacks may be healthier than your average bag of chips, but they sure are just as addicting! They come in a variety of flavors including lightly-salted, wasabi, ranch and more. This fruit snack option is a great alternative to fruit rollups and they’re great for all ages. They’re gluten-free, vegan and non-GMO. You can snag them in four flavors: strawberry, mango, apple and raspberry. For more content, check out the New York Post Shopping section.