The argument between Jets wideout Elijah Moore and former offensive coordinator Mike LaFleur during an October practice featured a more heated exchange than what was initially portrayed. According to The Athletic’s Zack Rosenblatt, Moore, a 22-year-old wideout, told LaFleur to “go f— yourself” and “you suck.” It was the Thursday following the Jets’ win over the Packers on Oct. 16, a game where Moore wasn’t targeted for the first time in his career. Moore’s explosion surprised players and coaches, according to the report. The situation then spiraled, as Moore was sent home from practice, requested a trade and didn’t play the following weekend against the Broncos. The following week, the pair hugged prior to a practice, and LaFleur told reporters that “it’s good to have him back in the building” — after initially claiming that he didn’t “totally know what you’re talking about” when asked about the argument with Moore. “I know he’s happy to be back and he’s ready to go,” LaFleur said. “We’re all on the same page with everything. We’re just trying to move forward. We have a tough opponent in New England. I know that’s where his focus is, getting himself prepared. And that’s where my focus is.” Moore’s frustration surfaced when he sent out a tweet following the Green Bay game, responding to a Jets beat writer who pointed out his zero targets, and followed with a series of cryptic, since-deleted tweets over the next few days that included “God I need direction” and “God makes no mistakes …I trust you through it Allllll…” “If I say what I really wanna say… I’ll be the selfish guy… we winning,” Moore tweeted following the Packers game. “Grateful! Huge blessing! All I ever wanted. Butter [sic] sweet for me em but I’ll be solid. So I’ll just stay quiet. Just know I don’t understand either.” The issue didn’t continue — at least publicly — throughout the rest of the season. Moore, a former second-round pick, finished his second campaign with 37 catches for 446 yards and a touchdown. His yardage total was the fourth-best on the Jets, behind Corey Davis (536), Tyler Conklin (552) and rookie Garrett Wilson (1,103). LaFleur, though, parted ways with the Jets after two seasons in a move described as one that’d allow him to pursue other opportunities, and he’s reportedly expected to land on Sean McVay’s staff with the Rams. The Jets didn’t score a touchdown in their last three games, a fitting finish for struggles that extended throughout the entire season, as the unit only managed 17.4 points per game — the fourth-worst average in the NFL.