Nine months of brainstorming nearly down the drain. An Australian couple’s plan for the perfect name for their newborn practically fell to pieces when their daughter reportedly arrived 24 hours too early. Convinced their baby would be born on her due date, the Brisbane-based parents decided to give her the middle name May, after her expected birth month. But when she popped out in April instead, their plan was ruined. “When your baby’s middle name is May bc she was due May 17th but she arrives on the last day of April,” new mom Tiffany Brett wrote on a now-viral TikTok. “We didn’t change it either,” Brett admitted in the caption of the clip, which has delivered over 962,000 views since it was posted this week. Viewers were quick to crack jokes about the unfortunate — albeit, humorous — situation in the comments. “I would’ve named her April May,” quipped one user. “April fools,” smirked another. “April is a beautiful name though,” argued someone else, although Brett assured that person it didn’t “flow” with their daughter’s undisclosed first name. Other users shared similar regretful stories. “Same here. We named her Ella-Mae as she was supposed to be born on May 11th. She was delivered on the 05th of April but the name stuck,” another parent confessed. “No worries lol my middle name is June and I was born in May. It happens,” revealed someone else. “My cousin is also an April baby, she goes by her middle name, Mae, and it drives me crazy she was born in April,” griped another. While the moniker snafu was disappointing for the new parents, things could have been worse — at least May is easy to say and spell. In 2022, “Issac” and “Chole,” misspellings of “Isaac” and “Chloe,” topped the list of most-changed names, while “Angela” and “Kobe” were just plain unpopular. Meanwhile, a new mother recently posted a complaint to an online parenting forum, lamenting the butchering of her kids’ names. She insisted they were “classic,” but people’s reactions told a different story. She named them Lois and Beatrix — pronounced “Bee-uh-trix” and “Lo-iss” — but she claimed they are commonly misspoken as “Beet-rix” and “Loyce.” While some commenters argued the monikers are not difficult to pronounce, others confessed they had never heard of “Lois” and would enunciate “Beatrix” as two syllables instead of three. To avoid frustrating mix-ups of “classic” names, parents might opt for something more modern. Parenting site Nameberry is anticipating that A-listers will heavily influence the names of infants born in 2023, with “Billie” — as in Eillish — and “Jolene” — inspired by Dolly Parton — topping the list.