These boots were made for stompin’ — in the mud, apparently. One woman on TikTok said that she ordered a pair of boots from online retailer Pretty Little Thing, but claimed that when they arrived, they were already filthy. Emily Carragher, who goes by the username @emilycarragherx, explained that when she opened up her package to reveal what she thought would be a pair of shiny black combat boots, a completely different pair of muddied shoes was staring back at her. The 17-second clip has already topped 56,400 views. “These were the boots I originally ordered. I got them in a size 5,” Carragher explained in the video, as she showed pictures of the tall black boots as pictured on the model. “And these are the ones I got …” Carragher then revealed the shoes she allegedly received: a pair of black boots that were not only a different style but also were caked in mud and muck on the soles and on the boots themselves. The shoes were also a size larger than what Carragher had ordered. “They’re disgusting,” Carragher added, as she showed pictures of the beat-up boots. In another video, Carragher explained that the shoes came in the signature pink mailing envelope that Pretty Little Thing uses to ship their items, but the box was completely trashed and torn apart. The Post reached out to Pretty Little Thing for comment and they said they have apologized and issued a refund to the customer. “We understand this is not the standard our customers should receive their items,” a rep for Pretty Little Thing wrote to The Post via email on Wednesday. “We have spoken to and apologized to the customer as well as issuing a full refund who has confirmed she is happy with how this has been resolved.” Though they may have made it right in the end, in a follow-up TikTok, Carragher said that before she received a full refund, apology and gift card from the company, an employee told her over email that she could just wash off the boots and offered her a mere 30% discount. Even though it was resolved, commenters shared their outrage for Carragher — and even came up with some theories about what could have happened. “It’s like the delivery driver has opened it and took your new boots and gave you hers ,” one person wrote. “They totally different style too!!!! Absolutely shocking! Xxx,” another commented. “I’m beyond horrified …. ,” someone else typed. One customer even said that something similar had happened to them before. “I ordered size 3 knee high boots last month and They sent me size 7 ankle bootshow do they manage it,” she wrote. Carragher also said that Pretty Little Thing told her that they would be launching an investigation into the incident.