Their customers were seeing double — just not Double Ds — so the Silva twins made sure their chests became triple threats. Before they were reality TV stars, identical twins Darcey and Stacey Silva worked at Hooters in Midtown West — but had “modest” breast sizes, they told The Post. “We actually didn’t have big hooters when we worked there,” Darcey said of their gig at the eatery, which closed in 2015. “And then I think we got boob greed,” Stacey said. The 48-year-old sisters — whose TLC series “Darcey & Stacey” airs its fourth season on Jan. 23 — went under the knife multiple times. “We’ve done our boobs three times,” Darcey said. Their initial surgery was in Beverly Hills. “We breastfed, so we just wanted to fill out extra skin,” explained Stacey. “A couple years after that, we redid them and then went bigger and came to Miami.” In 2021, they traveled to Turkey for a third breast surgery and a twin transformation, which also included liposuction 360, fat buccal removal, a nose job, a lip lift, and new veneers. Now that they have enhanced fronts and backs, thanks to butt sculpting sessions, they are considering a return to the restaurant chain to show off their assets. “We got a booty and a hooter now,” said Darcey. “So, hey, we might have to take a little trip to a Hooters and hoot hoot around.” The Middletown, Conn. natives credited their former place of employment, where they worked as college students, for helping them come out of their shells. “We weren’t like the most popular girls in school,” said Darcey. Before they were on TV, the stay-at-home moms got divorced on the same day in 2010. “The judge was like, ‘What? This sounds like a reality show,'” Darcey said. Stacey was hitched to former pro soccer player Goran Vasic and Darcey to showroom manager Frank Bollock and both share two children with their ex-husbands. After their splits, the pair launched a production company, Eleventh Entertainment, and a fashion label, House of Eleven, but really made a name for themselves when Darcey debuted on the dating series “90 Day Fiancé: Before the 90 Days.” The show chronicled her traveling to Amsterdam in 2017 to meet her then-online boyfriend for the first time and also featured Stacey, who was in a relationship with her now-husband, Florian Sukaj. The duo became fan favorites and in 2020, were gifted their own spinoff. Although they have their share of critics who comment on their ever-changing looks, the women focus on their loyal followers — some who ask for advice on plastic surgery. “We might get a lot of hate, but people actually message us all the time like, ‘Where can I go? What do you recommend?’” Stacey explained.