Susan Meachen is closing the chapter on her staged-death scandal. The indie-romance author who faked her own death in 2021 — only to be resurrected in a plot twist involving her husband and daughter — is finally shedding light on what drove her to the cliffhanger, reported the New York Times on Monday. Meachen revealed in the interview that she had recently been diagnosed with bipolar disorder — a condition that she believes led to blurred lines between her identity as an author and as one of her own characters. “I think it’s a very dangerous mix-up, especially if you have a mental illness,” said the Tennessee-based author. “I would log on and get in, and at some point in the day my two worlds would collide, and it would be hard to differentiate between ‘book world’ and the real world. It was like they would sandwich together.” According to Meachen’s husband, Troy, the online “book world” was an “addiction” that posed a serious risk to his wife’s health. One such close call, in which their daughter found Meachen listless after taking too much Xanax, prompted the concerned spouse to instruct his daughter to post a phony Facebook status. “I told them that she is dead to the indie world, the internet because we had to stop her, period,” Troy said. “She could not stop it on her own. And, even to this day, I’ll take 100% of the blame, the accolades, whatever you want to call it.” The fake death notice, which has since been deleted — was posted in the fall of 2020. “Author Susan Meachen left this world behind Tuesday night for bigger and better things,” read the statement — which many fans thought implied her suicide. “Please leave us alone we have no desire in this messed-up industry.” Earlier this month, Meachen returned to Facebook and revealed that she was still alive. “I debated on how to do this a million times and still not sure if it’s right or not,” Meachen’s post read. “There’s going to be tons of questions and a lot of people leaving the group I’d guess. But my family did what they thought was best for me and I can’t fault them for it.” “I almost died again at my own hand and they had to go through all that hell again,” continued the troubled novelist. “Returning to The Ward doesn’t mean much but I am in a good place now and I am hoping to write again. Let the fun begin.” Meachen is reportedly seeking treatment for her condition as well as taking medicine to help with her depression, anxiety and psychosis. The self-published writer is best known for her steamy works of fiction, such as 2019’s “Losing Him & Finding You.” Several people have demanded the author be arrested for fraud after previously donating to fundraisers for Meachen. The writer addressed her critics, saying, “I’m sorry for their mourning, but from a legal standpoint, I did nothing wrong. Morally, I might have done something wrong. But legally, there’s nothing wrong.”