This time, the Patriots gave some information away. In a Thursday evening release, New England announced that the team and head coach Bill Belichick have begun discussions with inside linebackers coach Jerod Mayo about a “long-term” extension. The announcement also noted that the Patriots will start interviews for an offensive coordinator next week. New England’s 39-word statement — a stunning admission of the incredibly tight-lipped and often shrewd franchise’s plans — comes a few hours after NFL Network’s Tom Pelissero reported that the Panthers requested to interview Mayo for their open head coaching position. Mayo has also interviewed with the Broncos, Eagles and Raiders for past vacancies, and NFL Network’s Ian Rapoport tweeted that Mayo impressed in the opportunities with Philadelphia and Denver. The Browns also requested to interview Mayo for their open defensive coordinator position, ESPN’s Adam Schefter reported Monday. Belichick coached Mayo for eight seasons — from 2008 through 2015 — with the Patriots, and Mayo made two Pro Bowls while earning First-Team AP All-Pro honors once. He won the AP Defensive Rookie of the Year after becoming a first-round pick out of Tennessee, led the NFL in solo and combined tackles in 2010, and claimed a Super Bowl title in 2014. Then, a few years after retiring, Belichick hired Mayo to his staff in 2019 as an inside linebackers coach. He has remained in that position through the end of the 2022 season. New England’s update about an offensive coordinator search all but confirms the team will look to replace Matt Patricia as its play-caller. The longtime defensive coordinator took over that duty this season — following Josh McDaniels’ departure to Las Vegas as its head coach — but the unit proceeded to stall throughout the season. Second-year quarterback Mac Jones couldn’t replicate the production from his rookie season, either. Belichick wouldn’t commit to Jones as his starter for next season in his end-of-season press conference. Jones completed 65.2 percent of his passes for 2,997 yards, 14 touchdowns and 11 interceptions in 2022. He missed three games, though, and that allowed rookie Bailey Zappe to flash his potential. The Patriots finished 8-9, missing the postseason after a loss to Buffalo in a win-and-in scenario Week 18.