Botoxed beauty queens, beware. A recent study has found that neuromodulator injections like Botox may be less effective in people who have received the COVID-19 vaccine — striking panic in the hearts, and foreheads, of some users. “Either higher doses or more frequent treatment intervals will be needed, costing more money or requiring more doctor visits yearly” said New York City dermatologist, Dr. Jason Emer. Researchers found that, after receiving the Pfizer mRNA vaccine, the average time before patients need a touch-up of the wrinkle-reducer is significantly shortened. Dr. Emer summarized the study, published last fall in the Journal of Cosmetic Dermatology, for The Post: “In this instance, Botox, which typically lasts two to four months in most standard dose cases, may last less time now due to an increased immune response — making the Botox less effective in the body.” The study looked at the main botulinum toxin injectables known as BTAs, which includefour brands on the market: Botox, Dysport, Xeomin, and Jeuveaum. Botox is, by far, the most widely used of the bunch in the US. Asked if he has noticed BTA treatments like Botox wearing off more quickly than usual in patients at his practice, which include posh offices in New York City, Beverly Hills, and Boca Raton, Florida, Emer decisively said, “Yes, I have seen this.” There is one possible fix doctors are hopeful about. Daxxify, a new brand of “super Botox” that wasn’t on the market at the time of the study, so doctors don’t know if it will also degrade quickly in patients who’ve had the vaccine. But they’re hypothesizing that it won’t matter as much, because Daxxify’s beefed-up formulation already makes it last significantly longer than any other neuromodulator on the scene. “Daxxify may be the modulator of choice, ” said Dr. Emer. “It tends to last a longer period of time making it more valuable for those who metabolize the products more quickly.” Other beauty-based businesses in New York have high hopes for Daxxify too. MarkGreenspan, founder and CEO of BeautyFix Med Spa, said the spa’s injectionists underwent special training to become one of only eight med-spas in New York Cityto carry the coveted new solution. “BeautyFix MedSpa is now injecting clients who come in sharing that their wrinkle injections are wearing off — possibly due to the vaccine — with Daxxify … because the peptide in Daxxify extends the longevity of wrinkle treatments. Sometimes up to six months,” Greenspan told The Post. BeautyFix client Brandon Sansone jumped at the chance to try it. “My Botox has been wearing off quicker since receiving the vaccine. I read up on thisand saw the studies,” said the New York City resident. “When [an injectionist] shared it could last up to six months instead of three or fewer, I decided to try it.” While some doctors find the data compelling enough to make changes like encouraging more frequent visits or switching to Daxxify, not everyone is convinced that the recent study is definitive enough to hold the vaccine responsible for weaker Botox results. Dr. Dendy Engelman MD, FACMS, FAAD and Director of Dermatology at Shafer Clinicin Manhattan, also pointed out that it’s not just vaccines that may decrease BTA longetivity — nothing that “increased exercise, sweating, saunas, steam rooms, hot yoga and [certain] medications” could all cause neuromodulators to wear off more rapidly. “It is more noticeable in men, who typically already require higher doses and more frequent treatments — as well as those who exercise a lot, have a rapid metabolism, or use medications that increase the metabolism to lose weight, or [people who take] Adderall,” said Dr. Emer. And while some doctors recommend using skincare products with EGF, peptides and Retinol/Retinoids, as well as sunscreen and zinc, Dr. Emer has doubts: “Unfortunately, there is nothing they can take or do to increase the ability for the toxin to last longer.”