Adam Lambert does not want to see another straight actor portraying a gay legend on the big screen. The Queen vocalist, 40, reacted to the Advocate sharing the news Tuesday that “White Lotus” star Theo James, 38, is reportedly the “top contender” to portray Wham! frontman George Michael in a potential biopic. “Yay another straight man playing a gay icon,” Lambert commented with a rolling eye emoji. The Post contacted Lambert’s rep for comment. The casting rumor took off last week when James appeared on “Watch What Happens With Andy Cohen.” A fan asked if he’d like to play Michael, who died in 2016 of heart disease at the age of 53. “Yeah, I’d love that. He is an icon,” James said. “He’s a lot of Greek, and I’m a lot of Greek. Put that Greek together, and you get falafel.” Shortly after, the Daily Mail cited “insider” knowledge that a Michael biopic was in the final stages of development. However, his family denied the report in a statement, writing that there “is no truth whatsoever in this story.” “We know nothing about this project and will not be endorsing it in any way,” the statement from George Michael Entertainment read. When The Post contacted James’ rep for comment, she stated there is “no biopic,” and “Theo is not cast to play George Michael.” Still, Lambert’s comment sparked an Instagram debate, with many commenters slamming him for supporting Rami Malek playing original Queen frontman Freddie Mercury in the 2018 biopic “Bohemian Rhapsody.” “BUT IT WAS ALL PRAISE AND ASS KISSING WHEN RAMI PLAYED FREDDIE! zip it!!!” one user emphasized. “You literally praised Rami Malek nonstop when he played Freddie Mercury. Performed at the Oscars too and all,” another reminded Lambert. Others suggested Lambert should simply let actors do their jobs. “That is why it’s called ‘acting,'” one person stated. “Gays have been playing ‘straight’ for years. Give it a rest.” “Sexuality is not a qualification based on which one should or shouldn’t get a job. Talent is!!!” other declared. And others backed the “American Idol” runner-up’s criticism. “Exactly my same thought,” one proclaimed. “Thank you for speaking for most of us. it had to be said. Word,” another wrote. “I understand it’s acting but it will never be his 100% because only lgbtq+ understands that feeling. Yet i will still go watch it because its George Michael,” one user admitted.