Despite the high-profile breakdown of negotiations with two ballclubs this offseason, All-Star shortstop Carlos Correa insists he holds no ill will for the Mets or Giants. Both teams agreed to massive contracts with the dynamic 28-year-old but ultimately pulled out due to concerns with his physical, which led to Correa staying in Minnesota for $200 million —  significantly less than he would’ve gotten with the Mets or Giants. “There’s no hard feelings toward both organizations. There’s nothing but respect for them,” Correa told The Athletic. “Doctors have differences of opinion. That’s fine. But God took me here to the Minnesota Twins. I couldn’t be more grateful for this opportunity.” Correa had ankle surgery as a minor leaguer in 2014, two years after being selected No. 1 overall in the 2012 MLB Draft by the Astros. The procedure was to repair a fractured fibula and ligament damage, which to date, hasn’t caused significant problems. “The Giants used an ankle specialist who didn’t pass me,” he said. “Then the Mets used the same specialist, who obviously wasn’t going to pass me. He had already given an opinion to another team about my ankle. He was not going to change that. He was going to stand by what he was saying, of course, because that is what he believed.” Correa also said that his side did receive other opinions. “We did have other ankle specialists look at it and say it was going to be fine, orthopedists who know me, even the one who did the surgery on me,” he said. A big question regarding Correa’s possible stint with the Mets was if he could play next to good friend and fellow Boricua Francisco Lindor, the team’s current shortstop, like an arrangement Derek Jeter and Alex Rodriguez once worked through in the same city. Correa insisted, through conversations with Lindor, that it never would’ve been an issue. “I was never going to step on his toes,” Correa said. “Out of my mouth would never come the words, ‘I want to play shortstop.’ Out of my mouth would never come any form of betrayal toward him. “From the moment the deal was agreed on, my mind was set to play third base every single day. That was never going to change. I wanted him to know I would always be loyal. I would always be there for him, whatever he needed. Just making sure we left everything clear. When players of both our calibers play shortstop and there’s a change there’s always some animosity in there. I wanted to make sure he knew out of the gate I was OK with playing third base. I was going to make the move, no problem.” Following December’s MLB Winter Meetings, Correa agreed to a monster 13-year, $350 million deal with the Giants, which would’ve been the richest contract in the history of the San Francisco-based club. The deal also included a full no-trade clause and no opt-outs. However, the Giants ultimately nixed the deal, which would’ve been the fourth-largest guarantee in MLB history, due to a failed physical. The Mets swooped in, agreeing to a 12-year, $315 million deal, but also subsequently canned the contract. They were willing to guarantee as much as $157.5 million — exactly half of the previous $315 million — but the Twins were willing to go much higher in their negotiations. Correa will begin his ninth MLB season this spring. The two-time All-Star and 2017 World Series champion hit .291 with an OPS of .834, smashing 22 home runs and recording 64 RBIs with the Twins last season.