Prince Harry may have hung up his crown, but he could soon own a Grammy. Harry’s recording of his infamous memoir “Spare” is a potential nominee for the 2024 Grammy Awards, Newsweek reported. The 15-hour recording would qualify the fastest-selling nonfiction book of all time for the Best Audio Book, Narration & Storytelling Recording award. Should he win the prestigious hardware, Harry would be among past influential winners in the category the likes of former Presidents Barack Obama and Bill Clinton, actress Carrie Fisher and literary icon Maya Angelou, to name a few. “There is every chance that Harry will be nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Spoken Word,” said royal commentator Richard Fitzwilliams. “It would follow in the footsteps of the Obamas and the Clintons. The book has been extremely controversial but has been a huge success worldwide for Penguin Random House.” The memoir — which was released globally on Jan. 10, days after being leaked early in Spain — has been a source of several uncomfortable laughs. In one portion of the book, the former royal talks about using an Elizabeth Arden cream favored by his mom to soothe his frostbitten penis. The book also delves deeply into the reportedly complicated relationships in the royal family. “Whatever the reception was for its contents, Harry’s ghost writer, J.R. Moehringer, has won praise,” said Fitzwilliams. “If Harry does win, from the clip I heard, it will be for his reading,” added Fitzwilliams. “He sings a verse of Elton John’s ‘Your Song’ — his talents definitely do not lie in [the musical] direction!” The Duke of Sussex is not the first royal to lay down an audiobook track. His wife, Meghan Markle, narrated her own children’s book “The Bench” in 2021 and Prince Andrew’s ex-wife Sarah Ferguson narrated her 1996 book, “My Story.” “The audiobook is not something we typically hear from an author of such a high status, and the way he uses his voice to tell his side of the story illustrates his ongoing unresolved emotional pain, with no shortage of quotable soundbites that have filled the internet with many viral clips online viewed by millions,” said MarkMeets founder Mark Boardman. “He is an eloquent speaker, well expressed and effective in persuading people of what he truly feels, and comes across as an educated though sometimes damaged individual whose own accounts do not match the public’s own memories or timeline,” the journalist continued of Harry. “With the huge success, I am positive Harry’s book ‘Spare’ will certainly be nominated for next year’s Grammy awards,” continued Boardman. “The book and audiobook have surpassed expectations, and just the nomination will draw huge attention again to the royal. For those mentioned in the book, it will cause more misery and pain and re-open any rift.” While the wayward prince’s audiobook missed the deadline for the 2023 Grammy Awards — which will air Sunday, Feb. 5 — you can be sure he’ll seek to reign at next year’s awards should he be nominated.