Former LA Lakers star Lamar Odom is opening up with new revelations about his marriage to Khloe Kardashian … and its implosion. “TMZ Presents: Lamar Odom: Sex, Drugs & Kardashians,” aired Monday night on Fox — and premieres Tuesday on Hulu — and dives into the former athlete and reality star’s rise and fall. Odom, 43, tied the knot with Kardashian, 38, just one month after they met and they were married from 2009 to 2016. During that time, Odom made appearances on “Keeping up with the Kardashians” and starred in the short-lived spinoff show “Khloe & Lamar” (2011-2012). He was hospitalized and put on life support in 2015 after a near-fatal overdose and, despite their separation, Kardashian and her family rushed to his side. Here are the four biggest revelations from the TMZ special. Odom discusses how, although Kardashian was his wife, cocaine was “his girlfriend.” He also expressed how he is “embarrassed” by his infidelity. When asked if Kardashian was aware that he was using, Odom admitted, “For part of our marriage, I had to tell her. You can’t hide that. She was hurt. But Khloe was a good wife. She wasn’t dismissive, or like, ‘Get away from me’ or ugly and nasty. She … wanted to protect me. Behind the scenes, I put her through sh-t. “I had these random women coming out … I was having full-blown relationships on the road, and my wife is Khloe Kardashian. It’s buggin’. I’m laughing out of embarrassment.” He shared an anecdote about a situation where he left to go do drugs with another woman that he didn’t name. “I’m going so heavy with the drugs that the woman gets into my phone, calls Khloe, and says, ‘Girl, you’ve got to come get him,’” he said. During another instance where Kardashian caught him with another woman, he wondered how she found him. “She had to have had someone following me,” he said. In August of 2015, after Odom and Kardashian signed their divorce papers, Odom appeared outside of Soul Cycle, surprising Kardashian, and their confrontation made the news. According to Page Six, Odom reportedly demanded Kardashian speak to him, and when she refused, he touched her arm, prompting her to scream, “Get off of me, get off of me. Stop. Stop.” A bystander asked if she wanted the police to be called, to which Odom reportedly screamed, “You’re not calling the cops on Lamar Odom.” However, according to Odom’s account of it, that situation was engineered by Kris Jenner. “I’m a little foggy, but as far as I can remember, [Kris] kind of hooked it up for me to meet Khloe down in Soul Cycle,” he said. “I get down there, and [Khloe] treated me like she didn’t know me, which was hurtful a little bit. And she’s kind of making a scene, and then paparazzi came out of nowhere. I’m hurt by that. And then it came out that I tried to put my hands on her, or something like that. And then I’m really hurt and defensive. That’s where that incident happened.” In October 2015, Odom was hospitalized and put on life support in 2015 after a near-fatal overdose at Nevada brothel The Love Ranch. He suffered 12 strokes and six heart attacks while in a coma. Although he recovered and it was ruled an overdose, Odom claims that he did not do drugs that night. He maintains that the brothel’s then-owner Dennis Hof, who died in 2018, was responsible. “I would remember if I did cocaine that night. He tried to kill me,” he said, referring to Hof, who he doesn’t remember meeting during his visit to The Love Ranch. When asked why Hof would have done that, Odom said, “I don’t know. This is only what I could tell you. I went there, I didn’t do drugs that night. I wound up with drugs in my system.” When asked if Kardashian was the love of his life, Odom said, “I think so … With all those other women I was with, none of them made me feel secure enough.” If she asked him for another chance, he’d jump on the opportunity, he said. “‘I’d be like, where, when?’ Of course I would. I’m not a loser, and I feel like I lost. I would love to just take Khloe out to dinner. To be her friend.” But, he hasn’t reached out about a friendly dinner because, “I’m too shy. And I’m a Scorpio and I hate being told ‘No,’ and being denied. I’m afraid.” Kardashian’s subsequent partner, NBA player Tristan Thompson, also cheated on her. About her bad luck with men staying faithful, Odom said, “Hopefully the next guy in her life will do a lot better. Hopefully she learned from me and Tristan.”