What’s worse than your ex showing up at your destination wedding? Any guesses? Maybe two of your exes? Or your ex’s mom? “Shotgun Wedding,” Jennifer Lopez’s new action-packed rom-com, seeks to answer that question. J-Lo, as Darcy is getting married to Tom (Josh Duhamel), as one does. The pair have invited their friends and family (including rom-com staple Jennifer Coolidge as Carol, Tom’s doting mother) to a gorgeous resort for their nuptials. But it wouldn’t be much of a movie if everything went to plan. The first wrench arrives by helicopter; Lenny Kravitz is J-Lo’s incredibly good looking ex, Josh Duhamel didn’t know he was invited, Kravitz refuses to button up his shirt, etc. etc. etc. This is boilerplate rom-com stuff. We’ve all seen this movie before, and we know where it’s going, all the way down to Jennifer Coolidge’s one-liners. That is, until a group of armed mercenaries appear at the resort, threatening the safety of the wedding party. From then on, Tom and Darcy must work together to save their lives, the lives of their families, and (to Tom’s chagrin), Lenny Kravitz. Hooked yet? Below, we’ve outlined more details about the film, the cast, and when and how you can watch it. “Shotgun Wedding” premieres today, Jan. 27, exclusively on Prime Video. With a trailer this good and a premise this strong, it’s about time you got a subscription if you don’t have one already (or try a 30-day free trial). In addition to “Shotgun Wedding,” a Prime Video subscription grants you access to tons of content, including this season’s hottest shows (“The Peripheral“), and movies (“My Policeman“). Friday night movie lovers, rejoice! As of today, Jan. 27, “Shotgun Wedding” is streaming exclusively on Amazon Prime Video. Grab the popcorn, slap on your jammies, and settle in for a cozy Friday night with J-Lo, Lenny Kravitz, and a group of armed mercenaries. From Jason Moore, the director of “Pitch Perfect” comes “Shotgun Wedding,” a bonkers rom-com by way of “Rambo.” J-Lo was originally introduced to the script via her producing partner Elaine Goldsmith-Thomas, who’s been on her team since “Maid in Manhattan” (remember that one?) Tom and Darcy love each other, but they might not be the perfect pair; by the time a band of pirates show up on the shores of J-Lo and Josh’s beautiful wedding venue, the couple have already been through the wringer. Soon though, they’re forced to reconcile to save their loved ones, and themselves, and along the way miiight just re-discover a deep passion for each-other. We can neither confirm nor deny whether any character in this movie says, pleasantly surprised, “I guess we do make a good team.” Take that as you will. There’s only one way to find out: stream “Shotgun Wedding” today on Prime Video. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.