He’s going from brags to riches. A 24-year-old self-made — or at least self-proclaimed — millionaire is under fire for declaring that every man should own a luxury sports car by their 20s, because $200,000 is “chump change” unless you’re a lazy loser. “If you’re a guy in your 20s and you don’t have a Lamborghini, you should actually sit down and have like a serious discussion with yourself as to why you don’t have a Lambo,” scoffed Sebastian Ghiorghiu in the clip. The controversial influencer dropped the bombshell in podcast footage, which was recently reposted to Twitter, where it amassed 2 million views and untold raised eyebrows. The Detroit native claims to have made $8 million in just six years from various ventures, ranging from creating a Google ad agency to YouTube and “dropshipping” — the e-commerce practice of accepting customers’ orders without keeping actual stock on hand. And the young baller — who reportedly had nine cars by age 19 — believes that anyone can follow suit. “I realize now that it is so incredibly easy, and there’s so much money out there,” insisted Ghiorghiu, who boasts over 825,000 YouTube subscribers. “[The dollar amount] $200,000, relative to what is out there in circulation and what you can grab, especially now with AI tools that you can leverage like never before, $200,000 is chump change.” He added, “And people will say that I’m out of touch with reality, and they can suck it.” The big-walleted braggart was subsequently torched over his boastful statement on Twitter with the original video re-poster writing: “I think we need to halt podcasts until we figure out what is going on.” “If you’re 25 and you don’t have at least 47 lamborghinis in your lamborghini account you need to seriously stop and think,” snarked another. Meanwhille, “What do you even do with a lambo? Like, it’s not a very convenient car,” one realist chimed in. One Twitter critic declared: “Leverage AI! Of course! Why didn’t I think of that. It all seems so simple now.” One naysayer accused accused Ghiorghiu of never working a “day in his life.” The TikTok investors account, which curates financial content online, wrote: “Time to ban tiktok can’t take the Gen Z gurus anymore lmao.” The flauntrepreneur has since lashed back at haters on Twitter, claiming: “This 18-year-old kid I know starting drop shipping a couple months ago.” “Did 12K by noon today with 30% margins and had to shut off ads because he needs a credit card and your still winging bc I said you should be able to afford a lambo in your 20’s,” he added. “Grow up already.” According to the aforementioned YouTube clip, Ghiorghiu’s parents moved to the US from Romania in the 1980s. He worked various jobs in high school, including at a Taco Bell and a car wash. It was during the latter job that the influencer bought an Infiniti G35, which inspired the young man to start flipping cars. He had originally aspired to be a neurosurgeon but quit college to sell real estate after coming across fellow finance influencer, Graham Stephan, who earns “passive income” by selling homes and renting property. “I was like, ‘Yo, I want to do that! I don’t actually want to work,’ ” the budding businessman recalled his inspiration. “I want to have freedom to do whatever I want and be rich.” By age 19, Ghiorghiu reportedly had a net worth of $70,000 to $80,000 due to his work in real estate, on his YouTube channel and dropshipping. Now, a millionaire several times over, the Romanian-American has reportedly made between $25,000 to $100,000 in a day, and between $300,000 to $400,000 profit in a month, per another YouTube clip. However, he aspires to go even bigger. “A million a month would definitely be a record for me,” declared Ghiorghiu.