WASHINGTON — President Biden on Friday blamed the “sick insurrectionists” behind Jan. 6 for the murder of Capitol Police officer Billy Evans — despite a Nation of Islam fanatic actually committing the crime three months after the pro-Donald Trump mob stormed the Capitol. “Today is a ceremony to honor heroes of Jan. 6,” Biden said at an awards ceremony in the White House East Room on the second anniversary of the riot. “We also recognize the late US Capitol Police Officer Billy Evans. His family is with us today.” “While they were still cordoning off the Capital because threats by these sick insurrectionists continued to be propagated on the internet — again, all America saw what happened when Officer Evans was killed defending a checkpoint you had to go through to get up to the Capitol because of these godawful sick threats that continue to move forward,” Biden said. “And the whole world saw it. It’s just hard to believe, it’s hard to believe it could happen here in America.” Biden did not mention the political ideology of Evans’ actual killer. Noah Green, 25, described himself as a follower of the anti-white extremist organization and was killed by police shortly after running over Evans on April 2, 2021. Four people died at the Capitol during the Jan. 6 riot. Trump supporter Ashli Babbitt, 36, was fatally shot by a police officer as she climbed through the busted-out window of the House Speaker’s Lobby and three other pro-Trump rioters died of medical emergencies in the chaos. At least three accused rioters later died by suicide. Shortly before Biden spoke, Babbitt’s mother Micki Witthoeft was arrested while protesting the death of her daughter near the Capitol. US Capitol Police said in a statement that Witthoeft, 58, was told to stop blocking traffic on Independence Avenue and refused — instead asking to be arrested. She was charged with  violating two Capitol traffic regulations by refusing to obey an order and blocking and obstructing roadways. According to authorities, Witthoeft was issued a citation and released after being told to appear in court at a later date. The president honored 14 people with the Presidential Citizens Medal in recognition of their roles in either certifying the results of the 2020 presidential election or in fighting off the mob on that day. Honorees included former Arizona Republican House Speaker Rusty Bowers and election workers in Georgia, Michigan and Pennsylvania who resisted then-President Trump’s challenges to Biden’s narrow 2020 victories in the battleground states. Current and deceased police officers also received the award — including the late Capitol Police Officers Brian Sicknick and Howard Liebengood and the late DC Metropolitan Police Department Officer Jeffrey Smith. Sicknick, 42, died one day after the riot of a stroke, which DC medical examiner Francisco Diaz attributed to “natural causes.” Liebengood died by suicide three days after the riot, while Smith took his life nine days after the violence. Biden thanked relatives at the award ceremony for “representing those who couldn’t be here because they gave their lives for this.” “We must say clearly with a united voice that there’s no place — none, zero, zero — place in America for voter intimidation — zero, never — and political violence,” Biden said. “They are completely contrary to the notion of democracy. You know, America is a land of laws and not chaos, a nation of peace and not violence. We’re not a land of kings and dictators, autocrats and extremists. As we see in today’s honorees, we’re a nation of we the people.” If you are struggling with suicidal thoughts or are experiencing a mental health crisis and live in New York City, you can call 1-888-NYC-WELL for free and confidential crisis counseling. If you live outside the five boroughs, you can dial the 24/7 National Suicide Prevention hotline at 1-800-273-8255 or go to SuicidePreventionLifeline.org.