Pamela Anderson paid homage to her iconic red “Baywatch” swimsuit at the premiere of her new Netflix documentary, escorted by her sons on the red carpet. Anderson, 55, gave everyone an iconic throwback moment when she showed up to the event for “Pamela, a Love Story” on Monday wearing a glittery red floor-length gown with matching red heels. The star, who rose to fame playing C.J. Parker for five seasons on the “Baywatch” series, walked the red carpet with her two sons with ex-husband Tommy Lee, 60: Brandon Thomas Lee, 26, and Dylan Jagger Lee, 25. Brandon — who was a producer for the documentary — wore a navy suit and tie, while Dylan sported a striped black suit with a white shirt, paired with black sunglasses. Anderson told People that her sons were “emotional” when watching her life story. “I think Brandon was a little emotional. Dylan was a little emotional when he saw it,” she said. “Brandon’s seen a ton of it. He’s been doing this for two years, so this has been a long process and as a mom, you never want to burden your kids. But this has kind of been a fun family project, but it had a lot of emotion tied to it.” Brandon told People he was proud to show the world the real Pamela. “I’ve known her my whole life, but when I think of my mom, I think of an incredibly well-read, intelligent, well-spoken, kind-hearted, passionate person, and I just think the world has never really seen her like that,” he said. “At the end of the day, I think people haven’t given her enough credit or really another chance to recapture herself before a lot of these really awful things happened to her.” “I’ve always seen her as an incredibly talented and powerful woman with so much potential, and I still think I see her the exact same way,” Brandon added. Naturally, it was “emotional” to see her life on screen, too, Anderson noted. “Of course, it’s emotional for me,” the “Barb Wire” star said. “It’s just all these wonderful memories and hard memories too. But I wanted to go back into those feelings and feel those feelings.” “That’s how I wrote my book,” she added. “I wanted to go through all the chapters of my life and feel those feelings. It was hard. It was very hard.” Anderson shocked the world in 1995 when she and Lee wed after just four days of dating. Their sex tape was leaked in 1997 after it was stolen from their home by electrician and carpenter Rand Gauthier. The sex tape became the subject of the Hulu miniseries “Pam & Tommy” — in which Anderson is played by Lily James — which she claimed to know nothing about until she saw an advertisement for it. Anderson also revealed that she never watched the stolen sex tape with her ex-husband. Ahead of the doc’s release, Anderson’s eldest son admitted that he “wishes” his mom “made money” off of her infamous stolen sex tape with Lee. “I wish she would have made the money. She would have made millions of dollars if she had just signed the paper,” he said. “Instead she sat back with nothing and watched her career fizzle into thin air. She was in debt most of her life.” Anderson is now retelling the story on her own terms with the release of the documentary, as well as her memoir “Love, Pamela,” which hit bookshelves today. In a trailer for the documentary, she said that reliving the year 1996 — the year her sex tape with Lee was leaked — has made her feel “sick.” “Pamela, a Love Story” is now streaming on Netflix.