Ohio sports betting is now live and bettors in the Buckeye State can score a $1,000 first bet insurance with BetMGM Ohio bonus code NPBONUS. Check out the button below for more information. It’s available in Ohio and all other BetMGM states, except New York. How does it work? If your first bet at BetMGM Sportsbook loses, you’ll be refunded in bet credits, equal to whatever you lost. So if your first wager is $100 on Bills -13.5 and the Dolphins cover, you’ll get $100 back in bet credits. Just use BetMGM Ohio bonus code NPBONUS to activate this offer. The new customer offer from BetMGM lets new users to make a first sports bet up to $1,000. Enter the bonus code NPBONUS to take advantage of the offer before the Dolphins take on the Bills in the NFL wild-card round this afternoon. This means that if your bet wins, you keep the winnings like normal, but if it loses you still get your entire initial wager back in the form of bet credits. BetMGM’s sign-up offer is one of the best deals on the market, making it a great opportunity to ease into sports betting ahead of the NFL playoffs. The second day of NFL Wild Card Weekend starts with a divisional matchup when the Buffalo Bills host the Miami Dolphins. These teams split their two regular-season games with the Dolphins winning 21-19 in Miami in Week 3, then the Bills returned the favor with a 32-29 victory on their home turf in Week 15. This matchup will be a little different since Dolphins starting quarterback Tua Tagovailoa has been ruled out with a concussion, which means Miami will go with third-string rookie Skylar Thompson. BetMGM Sportsbook lists the total points for this game at 43.5 and the play here is to still take the over even with the Dolphins’ quarterback issues. Why? Buffalo will come out hot, scoring at least 30 points. The Bills have Super Bowl aspirations and will be looking to start the playoffs on a good note against a fairly average Miami defense. On the Dolphins’ side, coach Mike McDaniel should be able to put Thompson in the best position possible and scheme up some points with Tyreek Hill and Jaylen Waddle. It’s also worth noting Sunday’s weather forecast projects it to be sunny and just below freezing in Buffalo, so the elements shouldn’t be too big of a factor. This won’t be a wild shootout, but it won’t be a rock fight, either, so take the over with BetMGM bonus code NPBONUS.  New and existing players, Must be 21+. AZ, CO, DC, IA, IL, IN, KS, LA, MD, MI, NJ, OH, TN, VA, PA, WV, WY only. Full T&C apply. One of the easiest ways to get yourself a load of free bets is through BetMGM’s very generous “refer a friend” scheme. BetMGM allows bettors to refer up to 20 friends, with both getting a $50 bonus. Your friend will need to make their first deposit and place their $50 bonus on any sport at odds of -200 or greater in order for you to claim your bonus. For Ohio: 21+ and present in OH. Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER.