Novak Djokovic has another problem with the media. Djokovic took a bathroom break early in his opening-round match against Spaniard Carballes Baena at the Australian Open on Tuesday and TV announcers Mark Petchey and John Fitzgerald questioned why Djokovic would need to do so just five games into the match, with Petchey claiming that the umpire told Djokovic he could not leave the court but the star “pulled rank.” EuroSport also sent a tweet that drew Djokovic’s ire. “Novak Djokovic defied the umpire to take an early bathroom break in his first match at the Australian Open,” the outlet tweeted. Djokovic later lashed out at the broadcaster in multiple venues. “Again, I am publicly asking a question: Why didn’t the ATP or the Grand Slam come out and explain the situation, when they can see that the media are publicly lynching me?” Djokovic asked reporters from his native Serbia. He also wrote lengthy responses in since-expired Instagram stories. “Eurosport please get your informations checked before you post something judgmental and wrong,” Djokovic wrote in one story, as covered by Fox Sports Australia. Djokovic provided an a further explanation of his side of what happened and admonished EuroSport to be more “mindful.” “Chair umpire allowed me to go to toilet but she told me I don’t have toilet break, just change over break,” Djokovic wrote. “So she told me (you didn’t capture that with camera) I had to hurry up. When I almost exited the court she called me (I didn’t hear) and it was to tell me that toilet was on the opposite side of the court. “I found one where I went also, and I had to be quick because of the time. I didn’t ‘defy’ her or the rules. She gave me permission and told me to be quick. Next time be mindful with what you post. You have responsibility towards many sport fans that follow your page @eurosport.” Djokovic, a nine-time winner of the Australian Open and the tournament’s No. 4 seed, will play No. 27 Grigor Dimitrov in the third round on Saturday.