We love a good co-headliner tour. And, folks, 2023 has a number of great tours for fans that want to see two superstars for the price of one. Just a few of our favorites on the road in the next few months include Billy Joel with Stevie Nicks, Lynyrd Skynyrd joining ZZ Top and a George Strait-Chris Stapleton pairing. Now, we’re happy to announce indie icon Beck is teaming up with French pop rockers Phoenix on their 20-concert “Summer Odyssey Tour” from Aug. 1 through Sept. 10. The classy pair will swoop into the Northeast for the tail end of the tour at Philadelphia’s TD Pavilion at the Mann on Sept. 8 and New York’s Madison Square Garden on Sept. 9. And, if that wasn’t enough, they’ll be bringing along big-name special guests Jenny Lewis, Weyes Blood, Japanese Breakfast and Sir Chloe along for the ride as well. Best of all though, some tickets can be secured for as low as $33 before fees on Vivid Seats at the time of publication. Not a bad price to see the guys who brought the world “Loser” and “Lizstomania.” So, if you want to hop aboard the ultimate indie rock tour, here’s everything you need to know about the “Summer Odyssey Tour.” All prices are subject to fluctuation.  A complete calendar including all upcoming Beck and Phoenix tour dates, venues and the lowest prices available for each show can be found below. (Note: The New York Post confirmed all above prices at the publication time. All prices are subject to fluctuation and include additional fees at checkout.) Vivid Seats is a verified secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand. They offer a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and your tickets will be delivered prior to the event.  The prolific Los Angeles native has dropped countless singles over the past few years with artists like JAWNY, Joy Downer, Natalie Bergman and former Beatle Paul McCartney but he hasn’t released a proper album since 2020’s 13-track “Hyperspace.” On the record, Beck employs echos and synthesizers to create a sound that evokes both the past and future all at once. We recommend the ELO-like “Chemicals” and space-y title track “Hyperspace.” Want to hear the whole thing? You can stream “Hyperspace” here.  Everyone’s favorite French indie pop group delivered their most recent record “Alpha Zulu” in 2022. Made up of ten tracks, the album sounds distinctly Phoenix-ian. Thomas Mars’ signature vocals, catchy hooks and frantic yet controlled retro instrumentals fit perfectly into the band’s canon — like a lost album from the ’80s. Pitchfork seemed to agree saying “Alpha Zulu” “rejuvenates a proven formula.” You can listen here. We suggest starting with the fourth song, “Winter Solstice.” It’s a yet-to-be-discovered anthem.  Although two headliners may seem like a lot to handle already, Beck and Phoenix are stacking each show with openers as well. Here’s what you need to know about the acts that may kick off the show of your choosing. Jenny Lewis has been a fixture in pop music for more than 20 years. You may know her from a number of projects like contributions to the seminal Postal Service album “Give Up,”  her early 2000s band Rilo Kiley or her four solo albums. It’s also possible you saw her in the 1998 film “Pleasantville.” Personally, we’re fans of her melancholy tune “Heads Gonna Roll” for its exquisite vocals and warbly guitar solo. Japanese Breakfast are the definition of indie darlings. The quartet has played festivals all over the world and served as the opening act on a number of high-profile tours for acts like Florence and the Machine, The National and Yeah Yeah Yeahs over the past decade. However, their crowning achievement might be their 2021 album “Jubilee” which netted the group two Grammy nominations. Weyes Blood is Natalie Laura Mering and Natalie Laura Mering is Weyes Blood. The husky-voiced, 34-year-old sings ethereal, dreamy pop that almost sounds otherworldly. She describes her music best though saying it’s like “Bob Seger meets Enya.” Give her most recent record “And In The Darkness, Hearts Aglow” a spin. It’s the rare melancholy album that gives off a sense of hope. Sir Chloe evokes the Red Hot Chili Peppers as soon as you hear the guitar on their biggest single “Michelle.” The only difference is lead singer Dana Foote sounds nothing like RHCP frontman Anthony Kiedis. Foote’s lingering vocals and the group’s deceptively simple guitars and drums build toward a near fever pitch on their most popular track. Yet, there’s still so much more to discover. Their 2020 album “Party Favors” (which features “Michelle”) is a great place to start.  Fellow indie fanatics, gather round, we come bearing good news. Many of the most groundbreaking acts that regularly get rave reviews from Pitchfork and Rolling Stone will head to venues all over North America this year. Here are just five of our favorites you won’t want to miss in the next few months. • The National • Death Cab for Cutie with The Postal Service • Wilco • Arctic Monkeys • Alt-J Love indie but want to see what else is out there? Take a peek at our list of the 52 biggest concert tours in 2023 here for a fuller picture of this year’s live music landscape.