This “genius” Starbucks hack may give you more caffeine for your buck. An alleged “money-saving” coffee-ordering trick posted on TikTok has many questioning if they can pull a fast one on their barista and whether it’s really even a hack. “Money-saving Starbucks hack you NEED to know,” TikToker Taylor Watson wrote Monday on her video, which has since been viewed over 2 million times. In the 17-second clip, Watson shows two different-sized Starbucks cups, a tall and a venti, filled with ice and explains to users how the hack works. “If you’re going for an iced drink, get a small version of that drink with no ice” explained Taylor while pouring the smaller drink into the larger cup. “Then order a venti on the side of just ice.” Taylor claimed the coffee chain generally gives cups of ice for free, which is imperative for her alleged hack to work. In her video, she shows how the small iced coffee sans ice more than fills the venti-sized cup. Several TikTok users poured their own thoughts into the comment sections, claiming that the “hack” doesn’t really work. “You still have the same amount of coffee,” snarked one user. “The amount of coffee didn’t change, you just poured it over ice,” said another person. “My money-saving hack. I make coffee at home,” chided a third person. Other commenters said that it wasn’t about the quantity of coffee but rather the fact the person is spending less money while one user pointed out, “It’s just extra milk. Not caffeine.” TikTok has become a “grande” resource for coffee hacks from Starbucks fans, though not all have proven successful, as well as tales from baristas. One bold Starbucks worker shared how they once deleted an entire order because the person was attempting to get a free drink by buying a 5-cent bag in the online app and including a drink in the extra “order request” section. Another brazen worker — who was almost caught by her manager — revealed that the amount of coffee in a small and grande-sized cup is actually the same and the only difference is the amount of milk.