A Manhattan elected official is demanding the NBA and NHL sanction Madison Square Garden CEO James Dolan over his “outrageous use of facial recognition technology” to ban people he does not like from events. “I recognize that facial recognition software can aid in securing large venues, but Mr. Dolan has abused this technology to fuel his personal vendettas – not make games safer,” state Sen. Brad Hoylman-Sigal wrote in a Jan. 27 letter to the commissioners of the NBA and NHL. “I implore both of your organizations to use your power and discipline MSG and Mr. Dolan for these alarming abuses unless they immediately cease profiling fans with facial recognition technology for non-security purposes,” he added. The letter notes that league rules allow NBA Commissioner Adam Silver to suspend or fine Dolan up to $1 million while NHL Commissioner Gary Bettman could take similar actions. An NHL spokesman declined to comment while an NBA rep did not immediately respond to a request for comment Friday. Dolan has faced a cascade of criticism over deploying facial recognition software to identify and remove ticket-holding attorneys from MSG and Radio City Music Hall just because they work for firms tied to litigation against the company. An MSG rep later disinvited Assemblyman Tony Simon (D-Manhattan) from an NHL Pride event after he joined other pols, including Hoylman-Sigal, at a press conference earlier this year. “That’s dystopian. How would you know if other corporate leaders won’t start using this? How do we know if they are already using it? Come on,” Simone told The Post last week. “They’re being extremely aggressive and they’re saying, ‘We’re gonna take away your liquor license,’ ” Dolan said of the SLA during an appearance on “Good Day New York” on Fox 5. Dolan defended the use of such tech in a much-criticized TV interview on Thursday where he threatened to sic booze-deprived Rangers fans on the State Liquor Authority after it questioned the policy. “So I have a little surprise for ‘em. They’re basically doing this for publicity, so we’re gonna give ‘em some publicity. What we’re gonna do, right, is we’re gonna pick a night, maybe a Rangers game, and we’re gonna shut down all the liquor and alcohol in the building. This isn’t gonna bother me because I’ve been sober 29 years. I don’t need the liquor,” he added. An MSG spokesperson did not immediately provide comment on the latest shot fired by elected officials outraged by facial recognition policies that state Attorney General Letitia James claimed might violate state anti-discrimination laws. Elected leaders, some of whom have sponsored state legislation to nix the policy, have also questioned why MSG ought to continue receiving state tax break or get a key city permit renewed this year, which allows the venue to seat large crowds, if Dolan does not rescind the controversial policy targeting his purported legal enemies. And Hoylman-Sigal noted Friday that Dolan has a record of targeting critics like filmmaker Spike Lee and Knicks legend Charles Oakley even without resorting to facial recognition tech while urging the NBA and NHL to discipline Dolan. “Mr. Dolan has even extended these retaliatory actions to fans, verbally confronting one season ticket holder and threatening to ban another spectator just for yelling ‘sell the team’ at a game,” the letter states.  