S.O.S: Rihanna’s Cookies N Clean Face Mask from her cult-followed skincare line, Fenty Skin, is the perfectly whipped skin-detox cocktail. Here’s the real deal — I test a lot of face masks here at the New York Post, a smorgasbord of clay, sheet and brightening. However, this sweet treat from Fenty Skin is one my skin sees a frequent dolloping of, much ado to its moisturizing texture with skin-smoothing results. Dare we say this is the perfect self-care Sunday mask to smear onto your face before watching Rihanna’s Super Bowl halftime show? Yes, yes it is — but it’s one that isn’t simply reserved for Sundays. Or the Super Bowl for that matter. When I first heard the Rihanna-released-a-face-mask memo, I nearly ran to secure it on my skincare cart (yes, I have one of those). A cookies n’ cream-inspired face mask? Sign me up for this delectable detox. How to use: Apply an even layer (or two, if desired) to your face and wash off after 10 minutes. In short, it’s a 10-minute pore detox. This rockstar clay mask is effective not only for its perfectly whipped texture but also for containing salicylic acid, an ingredient we love for helping to mitigate acne, offering your skin a once-in-awhile detox. Though every face mask is formulated differently (not to mention, each one targets a unique set of skincare needs), this is the set of criteria I keep in mind when reviewing: This clay mask serves up the benefits en masse, starting out with its cruelty-free and vegan formulation. It’s also fragrance, gluten and micro-bead-free (so, for the sensitive skincare folks out there, rest assured this does not have a cheap beauty-esque cookies n cream scent). It’s also noncomedogenic, meaning it won’t clog pores. In fact, after testing this product for months on end, I can attest that it’s the hallmark detox product I tend to reach for — mitigating the look of any visible pores for a fresh and smooth complexion. Even better, Queen RiRi is all about sustainability, making this mask in recyclable fashion. The Fenty Skin Cookies N Clean Face Mask isn’t just extraordinary but it’s fairly priced. For less than $35, treat your skin to something luxurious with detox properties that are (1) perfect for sensitive skin and (2) won’t strip the skin. And, if you want to tap into the pop culture moment as of late, shop the Fenty Skin’s brand’s Game Day Collection ahead of this year’s Super Bowl. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.