Bam Margera, the troubled former star of “Jackass,” claims he almost didn’t make it to the new year — saying he was “basically … pronounced dead” last month. Appearing on Thursday’s episode of “Steve-O’s Wild Ride!” podcast, the 43–year-old skateboarder told his former daredevil co-star, Steve-O, 48, about his most recent hospitalization. Margera explained a “gnarly” case of COVID-19 sent him to the hospital, where his “body shut down” as he had four seizures that each lasted 10 to 20 minutes. “On the fourth one, I bit my tongue so hard, it was nearly falling off,” he said. “It was swollen and puffy and wouldn’t fit in my mouth, and I was drinking infected blood, which gave me pneumonia as well, so when the shaman took me to the hospital I went on my fifth seizure, I couldn’t breathe without a tube down my throat.” He remembered waking up five days later. “We tried to take the tube out, and you weren’t breathing on your own,” he recalled the hospital staff telling him. “Dude, when they took that tube out, I felt like I sucked on Darth Vader’s d–k,” Margera added with a laugh. The Post reached out to a rep for Margera for comment. He previously addressed his medical scare in a Dec. 10 Instagram post, telling fans he was out of the San Diego hospital. Margera has had a turbulent few years. He bailed on a court-appointed rehab stint for his high-profile substance abuse issues in June, sending authorities on a hunt to find him. After multiple escapes from rehab — and a sighting at a Sarasota, Fl., bar — Margera returned to rehab in September. In February 2021 — days after announcing he was seeking treatment for mental health issues — Margera reported being fired from “Jackass Forever” because he tested positive for Adderall — a drug he claimed the team “knew full well” he had been taking for a decade to treat attention deficit disorder. He filed a lawsuit in August of that year, claiming he was forced to sign a “wellness agreement” during a 2019 rehab stint in order to star in the 2022 movie. He settled his heated wrongful termination lawsuit against Johnny Knoxville and the “Jackass” team in April 2022. Margera filed court documents to dismiss the case and reportedly negotiated a private settlement with producers Knoxville, Spike Jonze and Jeffrey Tremaine as well as Paramount Pictures, MTV, Dickhouse Entertainment and Gorilla Flicks.