A Texas father at the center of a bitter, years-long gender transition case claims his ex-wife had moved to California planning to “chemically castrate” their 9-year-old son, James, who identifies as a girl named “Luna.” Jeff Younger, a dad of two who unsuccessfully ran for the Texas statehouse campaigning on an anti-trans platform, appeared on “Tucker Carlson Tonight” Thursday and shared a video that purports to show his son identifying himself as a girl. In the recording, 9-year-old James is asked if he is a boy, to which he replies, “No, I’m a girl.” The grade-schooler says his mother, pediatrician Dr. Anne Georgulas, told him he was a girl and she also put him in dresses. “My blood ran cold when I realized what she had planned for that boy,” Younger told Carlson. Younger claimed that his ex-wife had deliberately relocated his son and the boy’s twin brother to California just days before the state’s “trans refuge” law went into effect on New Year’s Day. The law is designed to protect transgender children and their families “if they’re being criminalized in their home states,” Democratic state Sen. Scott Wiener, who sponsored the bill, tweeted after California Gov. Gavin Newsom signed it. According to Younger, his ex began “transitioning” James when he was just 2 years old and tried to enroll him in a gender clinic in Dallas at age 5. “Pediatrician records show that she intended to chemically castrate him at age 8 or 9, his current age,” Younger alleged. “And then he magically moves to California? I don’t think this is an accident.” Younger did not provide the pediatrician records. Chemical castration refers to the use of chemicals or drugs to stop sex hormone production. Unlike surgical castration, chemical castration does not remove organs and it is not a form of sterilization. It is also reversible. Georgulas, meanwhile, has maintained that James is transgender, prefers to wear dresses and likes to be addressed as “Luna.” A gender therapist who evaluated James recommended that he begin transitioning by wearing dresses and going by “Luna” after his mom said the child requested a “girl’s toy” and wanted to be one of the female characters from the Disney film “Frozen.” But Younger claims that those tendencies have been imposed on his son by his mother. Younger also alleged that personnel at his son’s former school in California were in cahoots with his ex-wife and helped secretly transition the boy. “I’d bring my son to school in boy’s clothes and they’d give him a dress and make him use the girls restroom,” he told Carlson. It is unclear what school his son attended or if the school provided a statement about the allegations. In 2019, a Dallas judge ruled that James Younger and his twin brother, Jude, will remain under joint custody of both their parents, but in August 2021, another judge granted Georgulas full custody of the children. A subsequent court order, however, specified that “neither parent may treat a child with hormonal suppression therapy, puberty blockers, and/or transgender reassignment surgery (if any) without the consent of the parents or court order,” reported The Texan. But Younger is convinced that his ex-wife had uprooted their children and moved to California to circumvent that court order. The Golden State’s Senate Bill 107 “prohibit[s] the enforcement of an order based on another state’s law authorizing a child to be removed from their parent or guardian based on that parent or guardian allowing their child to receive gender-affirming health care or gender-affirming mental health care.” Younger had petitioned the Texas Supreme Court to order Georgulas to return their sons to Texas before California’s new “trans sanctuary” law takes effect, but on New Year’s Eve, his request was denied. The panel ruled 8-1 that Younger’s appeal was unnecessary. The court’s concurring opinion, written by Justices Jimmy Blacklock and Evan Young, says Younger misread California law. “Father misreads California’s new law,” the opinion reads. “A court order allocating the parental rights of divorced parents based on case-specific judicial findings about the best interests of their children is in no way ‘a law of another state,'” the opinion reads. The justices then go on to say Younger’s appeal was “speculative.” “Concern that any of this will happen would be entirely speculative in any case,” they wrote. “In this case, given that Mother has now represented to both this Court and the district court that she has no intention of trying to make it happen, it is not merely speculative but potentially prohibited by principles of estoppel.” However, the justices wrote that if Georgulas tries to have their son undergo gender transition without her ex-husband’s consent, Younger “could seek immediate appellate relief.” Younger reacted by tweeting that the state supreme court effectively terminated his parental rights and paved the way for his child’s chemical castration in California. “Texas is an empire of child abuse, led by Texas judges,” the dad fumed. During his sit-down with Carlson, the father further criticized the justices for siding with his ex-wife. “They determine, absurdly, that my wife is no more likely to transition my son in California under the sanctuary laws than she would in Texas, and absurdly … claims  that we can enforce an injunction against her in California,” he said. The acrimonious custody saga has drawn the attention of several conservatives leaders, including Texas Attorney General Bill Paxton and US Sen. Ted Cruz, who both supported Younger. “A 7-year-old child doesn’t have the maturity to make profound decisions like this,” Cruz tweeted in 2019. “The state of Texas should protect this child’s right to choose — as an informed, mature person — and not be used as a pawn in a left-wing political agenda.” 