The Big Apple can’t get enough of Bono. After scheduling eight (!) shows at New York City’s Beacon Theatre to celebrate the U2 frontman’s new memoir “Surrender: 40 Songs, One Story” this April and May, the venue added three additional dates due to overwhelming demand. “Stories of Surrender” is scheduled to begin its 11-show run on April 16 and is set to conclude on May 8. At all shows, the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame inductee promises “some stories to sing, and some songs to tell” in a night full of “words, music and some mischief” with the help of Irish harpist Gemma Doherty and Americana folk singer-songwriter Kate Ellis. There’s only one problem. With 11 shows at the same venue, which one makes the most sense to attend? That’s where we come in. Our team did a bit of research and found the best prices available for all upcoming shows on Vivid Seats. Vivid Seats is a verified secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand. They offer a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and your tickets will be delivered prior to the event. So, keep scrolling — we’ve got everything you need to know below.  A complete calendar featuring all dates, show start times and the cheapest tickets available for each show can be found below. (Note: The New York Post confirmed all above prices at the publication time. All prices are subject to fluctuation and include additional fees at checkout.)  “Surrender: 40 Songs and One Story” was released in November 2022. The 40-chapter memoir complete with drawings by Bono himself made headlines for telling stories about Bono’s inspiration for his music, Critics seemed to enjoy the 576-page tome as well. “‘Surrender’ soars whenever the spotlight comes on,” wrote the New York Times in a measured yet positive review.  While Bono is on a bit of an unconventional tour, some of the biggest names in rock will do things the old fashioned way and play venues all over the country this spring and summer. Here are just five of our favorites you won’t want to miss when they come to a city near you. • Bruce Springsteen and the E Street Band • Dead and Company with John Mayer • Billy Joel with Stevie Nicks • Eagles • John Mellencamp