New York Post readers can cash in on a fantastic offer for new customers with Caesars Sportsbook. Check out how to claim your free bet of $1,250 with the Caesars Sportsbook promo code NPBONUSFULL.  If you’re in the state of Ohio, get an even bigger offer with the promo code NYPBONUS1BET and see who finds the endzone tonight. New Caesars Sportsbook bettors can get up to $1,250 back if their first bet loses when they register with the promo code NPBONUSFULL. This is one of the best offers around, as it is $250 more than you would typically find at other online sportsbooks. The Caesars promo code lets new customers in Ohio a chance to get a $1500 in bet credits just by signing up! Just enter in the promo code NYPBONUS1BET on Caesars Sportsbook so you can join the fun of sports betting in the new year. Detroit’s red-hot stretch has put them on the brink of the playoffs. It can get there with a victory and a little help, but if they are going to win tonight, they’ll need to find the end zone, and there’s one man that’s made many trips there. The running game has become a more significant part of the Lions’ offense as the season has progressed, and Jamaal Williams has flourished with the increased usage. Williams is 10th in the NFL in rushing but leads all running backs in rushing touchdowns with 15. This week he gets a tremendous matchup against his former team. Green Bay has struggled to stop the run this year, as it is 27th in yards per carry allowed. The Packers have been even worse near the goal line, leading to plenty of touchdowns. They are 21st in rushing touchdowns allowed per game. At plus money, and in this matchup, you have to take Jamaal Williams to score. You can get him at +110 on Caesars Sportsbook. New players only, 21+. Available in AZ, CO, IA, IL, IN, KS, LA, MI, NJ, NY, PA, TN, VA, and WV only. Full T&C apply. If you’re looking to pad your bankroll, look no further than Caesars Sportsbook. Caesars offers loads of daily profit boosts. They come in all shapes and sizes, as they could be increasing the odds on straight bets, or boosting same-game parlays, or even giving you extra value with a three-team parlay on the day’s biggest favorites. However you like to bet, Caesars has you covered. So be sure to check out all the boosts they have to offer.