She’s not chipper about having a stripper. One woman on TikTok said that if her boyfriend even dares to showcase strippers at his bachelor party, she’ll strip herself from the relationship in return. Step Sacco, who goes by the username @_stephsacco online, explained her strict pre-wedding rules for her future husband in a viral video that has more than 800,000 views and 70,000 likes. She said that she doesn’t care what anyone thinks about her choices. “If my bf is gonna have strippers at his bachelorette party, he’s gonna be a single man and the wedding will be off,” Sacco wrote in white text over the top of the video. “If ur gonna lust after other women the day before marrying ‘the one,’ then she’s obviously not that important to you.” In the caption, Sacco wrote: “Waiting for the men in the comments to call me insecure for setting boundaries,” complete with a skull emoji. Instead, Sacco’s video set off a divided debate among commenters about her take on the party protocols. Some seemed to agree with Sacco, hammering home the idea that strippers were a no-no for their significant others’ bachelor parties. “I agree here, the last night of freedom is the night before you get into that relationship,” one viewer wrote. “If you’re getting married why do you want to see that.” “EXACTLY, if you wanna be free my guy I’m not waiting for you to wanna settle down, I’ll move onto someone who wants me NOW,” a commenter chimed in. “Facts,” another person asserted. “The ones that try to say ‘Oh but he needs to have one last sender before getting married,’ NO SIR THAT’S NOT HOW IT WORKS.” Sacco and some of her followers’ fears might be valid. According to a 2014 article from Men’s Health, a British survey found that one-third of all grooms-to-be do, in fact, cheat during their bachelor parties. However, some TikTokers claimed that this wouldn’t be an issue for them in their relationship, with one even going so far as to denounce Sacco as a party-killer. “Are u the fun police,” they asked. “I told my partner to tell his best to make sure he books one lol,” one woman claimed in the comments. “This is petty as f***!!” one user wrote. “My sisters my mum and I hired my dad a stripper for his 40th and we all sat around and watched.” Another user pointed out that this could all “depend” on the type of relationship the person has — like if someone is polyamorous. “Depends,” they wrote. “Depends if two people are open/poly/monogamous etc. And the boundaries between them. Everyone’s different.”                 