The Issue: Republicans’ decision to allow Rep. Kevin McCarthy to become House speaker after 15 votes. What a disgusting display of disunity some in the Republican Party showed the nation and the world (“ ‘Argggh!’ of the deal for Kevin,” Jan. 8). When the new House convened the first week of January, Reps. Matt Gaetz and Lauren Boebert became the Republican answer to The Squad. They asked for concessions, got them and —when push came to shove in the final vote of the night — voted “present.” Team players? No way. The Democrats voted as a bloc in lockstep for their candidate. These two idiots may derail some good legislation that could come down the pike. Too bad they cannot be barred from any meaningful committees. I truly hope the House will be successful in getting to the root of the problems of the past two years since President Biden and his Cabinet inhabited the White House. S. Kane Brooklyn Speaker Kevin McCarthy will probably have to continue prostrating himself in order to keep his job. He awarded his opponents nearly every demand on their wish list, thus empowering them to continue to obstruct benefits to Americans whenever it suits their MAGA purposes. Remember, these far-right-wing members are legislative terrorists who plan to end Biden’s agenda. How do you deal with people who believe that the 2020 election was stolen? Richard French Pasadena, Calif. I believe last week to be the most productive week in Congress in a long, long time. What the Freedom Caucus showed me is that Congress has been mired in self-interested dealing. My hope is that this will open the curtain and Congress will finally become more transparent — not just say it is. I am neither Republican nor Democrat. However, what I saw last week was politicians who could have their own opinions and finally be heard. The party may not have won, but the people did. I am hopeful now that party politics will be on the wane, and politics for the people on the rise. Robert Fishman Somers We experienced “the good, the bad and the ugly” as the vote for speaker of the House ended on Jan. 7. The 118th Congress had all the earmarks of political theater, and some even called it a clown show —but it successfully ran its course. There was drama, tension, emotion and compromise as McCarthy and the House members duked it out before he got the winning number of 216 votes early Saturday morning to become the 55th speaker. McCarthy showed tenacity as every apparent setback didn’t deter him from reaching his goal. It’s a teachable moment for anyone who wants to achieve anything in life — don’t give up. Fortune truly favors the brave. Good luck, Mr. Speaker. Michael Headley Brooklyn What happened in the House last week was a national disgrace. By now, the leaders of the Republican Party should understand that the resounding message from the midterm elections was that the American people have unambiguously rejected extremism from both the Republican Party and the Democratic Party. If the Republicans want to remain the party of Abraham Lincoln, Teddy Roosevelt and Ronald Reagan, they should think hard and long about the damage caused by the purveyors of fanaticism, conspiracy theories and extremism. If the party chooses to stay with the malignant policy of promoting extremism and division, they are in jeopardy of being on the losing side of most future elections at all levels of government. Gerard Rosenthal Manhattan Russian President Vladimir Putin must be doing cartwheels after Friday night’s fracas among McCarthy, Gaetz and Rep. Mike Rogers, showing the continuing dysfunction within the GOP. I believe the Jan. 6 insurrection encouraged Putin to invade Ukraine, as he concluded the United States was collapsing into civil war. Friday night probably convinced Putin to next attack Poland, as he surmised our government is irreconcilably divided. We had all better try to become more bipartisan, or Putin will indeed wind up eating our lunch. Ron Spurga, Manhattan Want to weigh in on today’s stories? Send your thoughts (along with your full name and city of residence) to letters@nypost.com. Letters are subject to editing for clarity, length, accuracy and style.