It’s T time. Taylor Swift made a cameo Thursday at a 1975 concert at London’s O2, performing her hit tune “Anti-Hero,” off her chart-topping “Midnights” album, live for the first time. The 33-year-old Grammy-winning artist also played a rendition of the 1975’s “The City” to a cheering crowd. Fans clamored to capture a clip of her performance, and the pop culture Twitter page Pop Base posted a video and photo to its feed, showing Swift in a glittering silver frock sporting her signature red pout. “Anti-Hero” — with the iconic chorus “It’s me, hi, I’m the problem, it’s me” — was the tune of a popular TikTok trend last year, while Billboard crowned the track as the best of the album. Lucky Brits got the surprise of a lifetime when Swift waltzed onto the stage, but other fans won’t be so lucky. The star’s upcoming “Eras” tour is sold out – and those who scored tickets paid mint. Upon the release of “Midnights” in October — which broke Spotify’s record for most streamed artist — the “Bejeweled” crooner announced her tour four years after she traveled the world for “Reputation.” But supply could not meet demand as Ticketmaster canceled the public sale of seats after fans wiped the pre-sale. “Well. It goes without saying that I’m extremely protective of my fans,” Swift previously posted to her Instagram Stories. “It’s really difficult to trust an outside entity with these relationships and loyalties and excruciating for me to just watch mistakes happen with no recourse.” At the time, the pop star slighted the ticketing giant, saying her team “asked them, multiple times, if they could handle this kind of demand and they assured us they could.” While 2.4 million Swifties snagged tickets, there were millions of others left sorely disappointed. While the ticket company apologized to Swift and her fans for the fiasco, the sentiments only went so far — some customers claimed they were victims of money-hungry scalpers, while others said they were charged for seats they didn’t even get. Swift is shaking off the ticket blunder – and Ticketmaster is facing the music. Ticketmaster was hit with a lawsuit last month from 25 diehard Swifties claiming fraud and intentional misrepresentation. The Tennessee Attorney General, Jonathan Skrmetti, promised to investigate the company after receiving an onslaught of angry messages from rejected seat-seekers. Meanwhile, the US Senate antitrust and consumer rights subcommittee planned a hearing regarding Ticketmaster concerns. Seating snafu aside, Swift has been hailed a lyrical “Mastermind” – with her sneaky “Easter eggs” to boot. Prior to her drop of “Midnights,” the singer was re-recording her previous albums, dubbed “Taylor’s Version,” releasing her person renditions of “Fearless” and “Red.” She ruffled feathers with her bombshell version of “All Too Well (10 minute version).” Fans are convinced the heartbreaking track is a swipe at her ex, actor Jake Gyllenhaal, swearing they deciphered her cryptic lyricism. During her upcoming tour, Swift will explore all her “Eras” throughout her nearly 20-year career.