The new year is here and for Ohio residents that means online sports betting is going live today in the Buckeye State. Bettors can get their hands on loads of incredible betting offers and promo codes and join the excitement of sports betting in 2023. Check out the best sports betting promo codes on Ohio launch day: BetMGM is the best sportsbook for new Ohio bettors. This sportsbook offers multiple betting options, including a same-game parlay builder, live betting, and tons of alternative spreads and totals on different games. It has plenty of enticing futures markets as well, if you don’t mind waiting a little bit. The desktop site is easy to use, the app is highly rated, there are competitive bonuses, customer service is strong, and the lines are competitive. bet365 has become one of the most popular online sportsbooks globally. They originated in the UK, but their popularity in the United States will only increase with the expansion into Ohio. The sportsbook offers a very diverse amount of markets where you can view odds and nearly anything. There are odds on major sports, esports, and even horse racing. They also have plenty of promos, such as parlay bonuses, early pay-outs, and super boosts for marquee events. bet365 has to be one of the top options for new Ohio bettors. One last interesting note is that they have partnered with the Cleveland Guardians to obtain their license. Could a sportsbook at Progressive Field be in the works? Caesars Sportsbook is right up there with the top betting sites in the business. Having taken over from the William Hill sportsbook, Caesars is a  betting power, with the potential to rival BetMGM and FanDuel as one of the top sportsbooks. The online sportsbook is popular and features generous betting odds, big bonuses, and a great mobile app. It is a good option for high rollers because it has higher maximum payouts, but casual bettors should also enjoy betting with Caesars Sportsbook. FanDuel has emerged as a very popular sportsbook in many different legal betting states, partly because of the sweet bonuses it offers. There is an incredible new user offer, and you can take advantage of ongoing promos, including contests, free bets, odds boosts, and parlay insurance. Hard Rock Sportsbook is set to launch in Ohio, and they are arriving in some style. Bettors are able to claim a bonus, with the size of the bonus dependent on how soon before January 1 you sign-up. The sportsbook first launched in New Jersey in January 2019, and has expanded into a number of state since then. Their simple approach to a sports betting site does them many favors, keeping the whole experience simple and easy to use for their customers. They lack in a few areas where the big boys of sports betting excel, but there’s still much to like. We expect Hard Rock Sportsbook will be right up there in the coming years, with a lot to be excited about. Ohio bettors can take advantage online sports betting going live by betting on the four bowl games being played Monday. The schedule begins with the ReliaQuest Bowl in Tampa Bay, which will be a battle of two 8-4 teams when the No. 22 Mississippi State Bulldogs play the Illinois Fighting Illini. It will be the first game for new MSU head coach Zach Arnett, who takes over following the death of Mike Leach. Illinois is favored in most sportsbooks by a point or 1.5 points. The Cotton Bowl is up next and it features the No. 16 Tulane Green Wave vs. the No. 10 USC Trojans. USC enters this game after losing the Pac-12 championship game while Tulane comes in after winning the American Athletic Conference. Heisman winner Caleb Williams will play and as a result the Trojans are favored in most sportsbooks by 2.5 points. The Cheez-It Citrus Bowl will be aired parallel to the Cotton Bowl. This game features the Purdue Boilermakers against the No. 17 LSU Tigers and the Tigers are favored by 14 points in most sportsbooks. Both teams enter this game after losing their respective championship games. The college football action wraps up with the Rose Bowl. The Granddaddy of Them All features No. 8 Utah vs. No. 11 Penn State. The Utes come in after winning the Pac-12 and Penn State got to the Rose Bowl because Michigan and Ohio State both made the College Football Playoff. Utah is favored by 2.5 points on most sportsbooks. 21+ and present in OH. Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER