Ohio sports betting is now live in the Buckeye State and bettors can claim a $1,500 first bet insurance bet on Caesars. Follow the link below to learn more and use promo code NYPBONUS1BET when signing up for Caesars. New York Post readers not in Ohio can take advantage of an amazing new customer offer with the Caesars Sportsbook promo code NPBONUSFULL. Click the link below to learn how to claim a $1,250 bet on Caesars ahead of a great day of college hoops. March Madness may still be a few months away, but things are heating up on the college hardwood. It starts in Knoxville when the No. 5 Tennessee Volunteers host the Kentucky Wildcats. More ranked teams are playing in the early afternoon too, when No. 16 Miami plays at N.C. State, No. 18 Wisconsin visits Indiana, No. 19 Providence plays at Creighton, and No. 15 Arkansas plays Vanderbilt in Nashville. The Big 12 has some big matchups today when No. 17 TCU hosts No. 11 Kansas State and No. 14 Iowa State takes on No. 2 Kansas in Allen Fieldhouse. We’ve also got an all-Texas showdown when No. 10 Texas hosts Texas Tech. Some other good games later in the day, including No. 4 Alabama at LSU, Clemson hosts No. 24 Duke, No. 20 Missouri plays Florida in Gainesville, and No. 13 Virginia goes on the road to battle Florida State. Out west, No. 9 Arizona battles Oregon in Eugene, No. 7 UCLA hosts Colorado, No. 23 San Diego State plays New Mexico in SoCal, and No. 8 Gonzaga wraps up today’s games with a matchup against Portland in Spokane. Get in on the action with the Caesars promo code NPBONUSFULL. New customers only. 21+. Available in AZ, CO, IA, IL, IN, KS, LA, MI, NJ, NY, TN, VA, WV only. Full T&C apply. Who doesn’t like a little extra bang for their buck? Caesars Profit Boosts increase the net winnings of your bet by a given percentage and can be applied to all sorts of bets. Profit Boosts can be used on straight bets (money line, spread, total) and parlays, but there are also Profit Boosts that are exclusively for straight bets only, parlays only, or even parlays with a set number of legs. Profit Boosts can be applied to a variety of sports and bet types, but only those available will appear in your bet slip. Make sure to look for any profit boosts in your ‘Bonus Drawer’ on Caesars Sportsbook. For Ohio bettors: OH only. 21+. New users and first wager only. Must register with eligible promo code. Bet amount of qualifying wager returned only if wager is settled as a loss. Maximum bet credit $1,500; must be used within 14 days of receipt. See Caesars.com/promos for full terms. Void where prohibited. Know When To Stop Before You Start.® Gambling problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER.