A major donor to President Biden offered his ne’er-do-well niece a job in Los Angeles to help her get back on her feet in the summer of 2018, only for her to scoff at the $85,000 annual salary as “below minimum wage,” according to emails and text messages found on Hunter Biden’s laptop. The drama unfolded as Caroline Biden, then 31, pleaded guilty on July 26 of that year to racking up over $100,000 in charges on a stolen credit card. She was sentenced to two years of probation, which she wanted to serve in California near her beloved cousin Hunter. With Caroline needing a job in La-La Land for the probation department to allow her to move west, Hunter’s uncle and sometime business partner Jim Biden asked him to convince his daughter to take the offer from the Masimo Corporation, according to messages seen by the Washington Free Beacon. “Hunter,” Jim texted July 25, the day before Caroline’s plea deal was formalized. “Caroline was made an offer and she told [Jim’s wife] Sara, not me, she couldn’t possibly take it 85k 10% bonus full benefits, 3 week paid vacation, I [sic] week sick leave and 450 shares of stock!” Jim Biden also forwarded Hunter an email from Caroline with the subject line “Masimo Verbal Offer” in which she raged: “I cannot take a job full time and relocate for 85,000[.] That’s below minimum wage in California after taxes. I’m 31. I made more money every other year.” Masimo, an Orange County-based medical device company, is headed by Joe Kiani, who the Daily Mail reported donated nearly $3 million to Biden’s 2020 presidential campaign, super PAC, and inaugural committee. Caroline later told Hunter she “didn’t get the job” she was initially offered, but was “given an intern job at 31 years old because of your dad asking him to give me something even though I bombed it.” On July 28, Caroline texted her cousin that Joe Biden “told me he was done with me yesterday.” “I can get a job for 85K working one art deal,” she added. “I’m not a fit for the f—ing company.” Caroline’s legal and personal issues continued into the following year, when she slammed her car into a tree in Pennsylvania while under the influence of prescription drugs. She pleaded guilty the following year to DUI and avoided jail time, getting five-plus months of probation, with 20 days of an earlier rehab stint counted toward her sentence.