It is expected to be a shootout this evening in Cincinnati as two AFC elites face off. The Bengals and Bills each still have hope to grab the No. 1 overall seed in the AFC and get a first-round bye. The Action Network’s C. Jackson Cowart already gave how he is betting on tonight’s game and what side he likes. But for me, the exciting spot to bet comes with touchdown scorers. For these, it is essential to know what these defenses excel at and where they struggle. So let’s get into the three best player props to get into the end zone for “Monday Night Football” beginning at 8:30 p.m. ET on ABC. The Bills defense doesn’t allow quarterbacks to run or tight ends to beat them. That’s extremely important to note when entering the red zone. Joe Burrow is not a worthy bet to score, nor is Hayden Hurst, as the Bills have allowed zero receiving touchdowns to tight ends and no rushing touchdowns to quarterbacks. Instead, look for the Bengals to feed their other weapons near the goal line. Joe Mixon.  Mixon is averaging the third most red zone touches per game (3.4) among running backs behind running back touchdown leader Jamaal Williams and do-it-all star Austin Ekeler. The Bills are allowing the eighth most yards-per-carry in the NFL to opposing running backs in the last eight weeks (4.66 YPC). At +100 on BetMGM, this is excellent value for what many expect to be a high-scoring affair. This might sound like chalk, as Mixon and Chase have the top two odds to score touchdowns this evening. But there’s true value on both of these Bengals to score this evening. For starters, the Bills have allowed nine touchdowns to opposing receivers in the last eight weeks, fourth most in the NFL. This secondary can be exploited, and Chase will get plenty of opportunities to do just that. He has an unbelievable 24 red zone targets in 11 games, the second most in the NFL this season to Justin Jefferson, who has 27 in 15 games. Bills cornerback Dane Jackson is no match for this stud wideout. The Bengals’ defense is one of the more underrated units in the NFL and quite well-rounded. But the Bills will still get chances on the offensive side of the ball. So let’s look to their tight end Dawson Knox, who is finally healthy and scored touchdowns in three straight games. In a matchup with Logan Wilson the advantage should go to Knox. At +230 on WynnBet, this is very good value, and targeting those bets is what sports gambling is all about.