Mayor Eric Adams has another pest in his life! Hizzoner bashed Curtis Sliwa as an unemployed nuisance Wednesday after his former mayoral rival offered to become New York’s “rat czar” and to personally step in to put an end to an ongoing rodent infestation at Adams’ Brooklyn building. “I will take him up on his offer. You know, if he says he will be my rat czar for free, I’m going to call him and I would like for him to come on board to do it,” Adams told reporters at a press conference Wednesday. “Don’t put it out there if you’re not willing to live up to it.” Sliwa on Wednesday had floated his plan to release feral cats at Adams’ multi-unit brownstone and to “help” the rodent problem by serving as the city’s rat czar “at no cost” after the mayor’s property was hit with two tickets for vermin. Asked about the offer at a press conference, Adams fired back in a snarky tone by calling Sliwa’s bluff — saying he’d hire him to work for free since the Guardian Angels founder is “probably looking for a job” after losing to Adams in last year’s mayoral race. “Tell Curtis: Come to be my rat czar. OK, and he’s going to realize this is not a Tom and Jerry playful commercial here. This is real stuff,” Adams added. “I will make sure we bring him on board, he can be part of our internship program because I know he’s probably looking for a job since he lost a job that he was trying to get,” he said, referencing the mayoral race. A few hours later, Sliwa staged a press conference in front of Adams’ apartment building with two of his rat-busting felines  — an 8-year-old Tuxedo cat named Tiny and a 6-month-old Tabby mix named Thor. Sliwa, who owns 16 cats with his wife, said the motivated mousers are the purr-fect way to curb vermin on the mayor’s block. “Like most New Yorkers, [Adams] is frightened of rats,” Sliwa said. “He’s tried everything but it’s time that we revert back to the best measure that has ever worked — and that’s cats,” he said. “You feed them, you put water out…and boy, they will patrol the block,” he said. The wannabe rat czar insisted that Adams’ neighbors would go wild for the paw-trol plan, too. “Everybody will love Eric Adams because he will finally come up with a solution to the rat problem on his own block,” Sliwa said. “You can’t resolve the problem in the city, if you can’t even deal with a rat problem in front of your own house.” Sliwa vowed to enlist someone from the neighborhood to take care of the kitties, which will live in a small structure in a yard next to  Adams’ building, he said. But not everybody thought the problem was as simple as cats vs rats. “Guys, I live on this block,” said Sara Azizian, interrupting Sliwa’s press conference.  “There are a lot of feral cats on this block. None of this is going to solve the issue.” “The issue will be solved if there is no trash on the block,” she said. Adams was hit with two new Health Department summonses for vermin at his Bedford-Stuyvesant apartment building after finding evidence of a rat “runway” and other telltale signs of rodents at the multi-unit brownstone, according to records reported by The Post on Tuesday. The tickets came seven months after a previous Health Department inspection found evidence of a rat infestation at the building. On Wednesday morning, Sliwa put out a press release noting, “Adams … has been hit with a new round of tickets for having rats at his building in Brooklyn.” “He is frustrated because he has tried everything to remedy the situation. Everything except Feral Cats,” he proclaimed. “During the Mayoral campaign, everyone became familiar with the fact that Adam’s opponent Curtis SLIWA and his wife rescue cats from the animal shelters before they are euthanized and manage Feral Cat colonies in Brooklyn,” the press release added. “The SLIWAS will go to Eric Adam’s building on Wednesday, Jan 4, at 2:30 PM and offer to organize a Feral Cat colony for Adam’s building and his neighbors on the block.”