Alex Murdaugh cried during his murder trial Thursday as police bodycam footage was played in court — while the first police officer on the scene testified that the disgraced legal scion appeared to have “no tears” when learning of his wife and son’s deaths. The footage of the double murder’s aftermath, which was not shared with the broader public, was taken by Colleton County Sheriff’s Officer Daniel Greene, who was called as a witness. After arriving at the family’s Islandton, SC, home, Greene said, he saw the bodies of Murdaugh’s wife, Maggie, and son Paul surrounded by pools of blood. “They are dead, aren’t they?” Murdaugh, 54, can be heard asking, seeming deeply distraught. “Yes, sir, that’s what it looks like,” Greene said in the footage. Murdaugh had a shotgun with him at the time, saying he grabbed it after calling 911, according to Greene. The gun was brought into court as evidence and displayed to the 12 jurors and six alternates. Greene said Murdaugh was not crying at the murder scene in June 2021, but in court Thursday, the defendant’s emotions were on full display. The father was wiping away tears at times, and often looked down in what seemed like an attempt to avoid the footage. In the immediate aftermath of the murders, Murdaugh told Greene he believed the slayings were related to his son Paul’s boating accident, in which Paul drunkenly drove his boat into a bridge, killing passenger Mallory Beach. “This is a long story. My son was in a boat wreck … He’s been getting threats. Most of it’s been benign stuff we didn’t take serious, um, you know, he’s been getting punched … I know that’s what it is,” Murdaugh says in the bodycam footage. In the footage, the father and husband asks Greene more than once if his family members are dead. “Is somebody going to check them,” Murdaugh asked. “Yes, sir, they’ve already checked it,” Greene responded. “They did check ’em? It’s official that they’re dead?” the father and husband asked. “Yes, sir,” the cop said. If convicted, Murdaugh will face a minimum sentence of 30 years. Prosecutors are not pursuing the death penalty. The trial, which began Monday, is expected to last three weeks. He also broke down in tears Wednesday as the opening statements in the trial were made.