Brian Daboll knows all about it. He was the offensive coordinator in Buffalo and, after the 2019, 2020 and 2021 regular seasons, he received inquiries to interview for head coaching positions around the league. Among the teams he met with were the Chargers, Jets and Dolphins before landing with the Giants. The interest was in large part because the Bills were rolling, quarterback Josh Allen was rising and Daboll as the orchestrator was in demand. This is what is going on with Mike Kafka, the novice play-caller Daboll hired to run the Giants’ offense. The Giants made the playoffs for the first time since 2016, Daniel Jones put together his best season and Kafka has attracted interest. The Texans and Panthers have requested to speak with him for their head-coaching vacancies. “I’ve gone through it the last three years,’’ Daboll said. “First of all, I’d say it’s an honor. But the biggest thing is focusing on what you have to focus on, which I know Mike will. There will be a time and place, after the season, to talk about that. “But that’s really a team [recognition]. Usually when you win, people get credit. And I’m happy for the guys that would get that opportunity. But I know where their focus is right now.’’ At this point, Giants defensive coordinator Wink Martindale has not been linked to any head-coach openings. It looks as if it is all-systems-go for three injured defensive players. CB Adoree’ Jackson (knee), OLB Azeez Ojulari (ankle) and DL Leonard Williams (neck) all practiced on a limited basis. “I’m encouraged where everybody is at,’’ Daboll said. Ojulari sprained his ankle making a sack of Kirk Cousins in the Week 16 loss to the Vikings. He played just seven snaps the following week against the Colts and was held out of the season finale. He said his ankle is feeling “way better’’ and he expects to play this weekend. C Jon Feliciano (back) and S Jason Pinnock (shoulder) were also limited. S Xavier McKinney (fingers) was a full participant. The Giants will practice all week inside their field house — with crowd noise pumped in at ear-splitting levels — in preparation for their game in a dome Sunday against the Vikings. … Left guard has been a shared position, with Nick Gates starting and Ben Bredeson rotating in. Daboll said “we’ve talked about that’’ when asked if he will stick with the rotation against the Vikings. “I’d say we’ll continue to talk about that.’’ Daboll said. “I have confidence in both those guys.’’ For the first time, the NFL Players Association conducted voting and put out its own All-Pro team. Dexter Lawrence was selected as the No. 1 nose tackle. Lawrence recently was named to his first Pro Bowl. The Giants made a practice-squad signing, adding veteran WR James Washington. There likely is not enough time to get Washington acclimated into the offense in time to activate him for this weekend’s game. If the Giants advance, who knows? Washington, 26, has 114 career receptions for 1,629 yards and 11 touchdowns in his four years with the Steelers. He also appeared in two playoff games, catching seven passes for 109 yards and one TD. He was with the Cowboys for two games this season. OL Solomon Kindley was signed from the practice squad to a reserve/future contract.