Prince Harry called out his uncle Prince Andrew’s “embarrassing scandal” in his bombshell new memoir, “Spare” — noting the embattled royal got to keep his security detail despite his ties to Jeffrey Epstein, while he and wife Meghan Markle were stripped of theirs. The Duke of Sussex brought up the sexual assault allegations against Andrew linked to Epstein and convicted sex trafficker Ghislaine Maxwell in his book released early in Spain last week. The criticism came as Harry, 38, touched on how he and Markle, 41, had their protection yanked by the palace when they quit their royal duties in 2020. “Despite being involved in an embarrassing scandal, accused of having sexually abused a young woman, nobody had suggested removing his security,” Harry wrote of Andrew, according to a translation from Spanish done by The Post. “People may have a lot of grievances towards us, but sexual offenses weren’t one of them.” For that reason, Harry wrote he never imagined he and Markle would have their security detail taken away. Harry also explained he didn’t think the couple would lose the security because of the current “climate of hatred” and what happened to his mother, Princess Diana, who died in a 1997 car crash while being chased by paparazzi. Andrew, 62, was stripped of his military and royal titles in January 2022 amid a sexual assault lawsuit brought by longtime Epstein and Maxwell accuser Virginia Roberts Giuffre. The two reached a settlement in February 2022, though the terms were not publicly disclosed. King Charles’ younger brother said in a note attached to the settlement that while he accepts Giuffre suffered as an “established victim” of abuse, he did not admit any wrongdoing. He has denied all allegations. After Harry lost his royal safeguard, he issued a statement about how he and Markle, who have two young children, could not afford to fund their own police protection while in the UK and that, “In absence of such protection, Prince Harry and his family are unable to return home.” “Prince Harry inherited a security risk at birth, for life. He remains sixth in line to the throne, served two tours of combat duty in Afghanistan, and in recent years his family has been subjected to well-documented neo-Nazi and extremist threats,” the January 2022 statement read, according to US Weekly. “While his role within the Institution has changed, his profile as a member of the royal family has not. Nor has the threat to him and his family.” Harry also wrote in “Spare” that he knows it’s ridiculous to complain that his father cut him off, as someone in their 30s, but notes that the king was not just his guardian and compared it to being fired without compensation after a lifetime of service. “He was also my boss, my banker, my auditor and the administrator of my money for my entire adult life,” Harry wrote. “Spare” accidentally went on sale in Spain in a Spanish translation last week ahead of its official release Jan. 10.