The Issue: Mayor Adams’ request for $1 billion from the federal government to cover the cost of migrants. Mayor Adams doesn’t have to finger President Biden for not dealing with the border crises (“Hizzoner Goes For ‘Broke,’ ” Jan. 5). We all know without having to be told the obvious. This whole administration has been a flop in dealing with this, starting with Biden overturning Trump’s policies regarding the border, and then Vice President Kamala Harris being appointed border czar. Her ineffectiveness and lack of interest says it all. Two years into his presidency, Biden may finally make the time to show up at the border. Is he going to say we are a compassionate nation by allowing these people to sleep on airport floors and seek shelter on city streets and in parks? Is he going to say we are generous as well by taking away from the needs of our own citizens and straining the budgets of our cities and states? Is it wrong to close the borders at this time to reassess the number of people we already have here and determine their fate? Tony Giametta Oceanside Adams claims the city might go bankrupt if the federal government does not pay $1 billion to cover the cost of the migrants that have flooded the city. That would mean other sanctuary cities are or soon will be in the same situation. The Post reports 35,700 migrants in New York City. Take $1 billion and divide it by that number, and you get about $28,000 per migrant. Multiply $28,000 by the estimated 5 million migrants who have crossed the border since Biden took office and you get $140 billion. It seems to me it’s not just the sanctuary cities heading toward bankruptcy — it’s the entire country. Tom Vespo Bethpage New York City and all the other woke sanctuary cities have no leg to stand on when they complain. The previous mayor and governor and the other woke Democrats urged people to violate federal law, refused to honor legal ICE warrants and told people to come here from the border. If we are overwhelmed by it, let our political leaders look in the mirror. They are phony people who can’t and won’t accept the consequences of their actions. We are all reaping the outcomes of those policies. Samuel Mark West Hempstead For months now, Adams has been asking the Biden administration for help with the surge of illegal immigrants coming to New York, which he claims is pushing the city toward bankruptcy. Like a “good” Democrat, Adams has refrained from pointing out the root cause of the problem — which is the Biden administration’s zest, even eagerness, to surrender the southern border and cause havoc throughout the country. What’s truly bizarre is that this is the exact opposite policy of the Trump administration, which used all its political capital to secure the border and keep illegal immigrants, drug smugglers and terrorists out. Eugene Dunn Medford The migrant surge has continued unabated for the last two years. But now the pain is being felt by blue states, and they are beginning to squeal like a pig. “See how you like it” is the maxim, and it is working. Red states should not be the only ones to bear the brunt of this broken policy at the border. It is nothing short of criminal negligence. Mayor Adams is pleading for money. That’s like asking for more towels to soak up water on the floor when you should be turning off the water first. But he and Gov. Hochul will avoid a direct repudiation of the policy and toe the party line. Until blue states step up, it will be more of the same. Phil Serpico Queens Instead of complaining about the thousands of migrants coming into New York City, Adams should be happy. New York City is losing thousands of citizens to southern states because of crime and taxes. These migrants will take up the shortfall. This way New York City (and New York state) won’t lose any congressional seats. He should thank Texas Gov. Greg Abbott, etc. Charlie Honadel Venice, Fla. Want to weigh in on today’s stories? Send your thoughts (along with your full name and city of residence) to letters@nypost.com. Letters are subject to editing for clarity, length, accuracy and style.