The dream scenario was to go 4-for-4 in the PrizePicks selections for Wild Card Weekend, but alas, Leonard Fournette and the Buccaneers had other ideas. The good news is that Cameron Dicker, Daniel Jones, and Dalton Schultz all covered their props. While there’s room for improvement, hitting 75% of the picks is an acceptable outcome. It was a wild weekend of football, and we should have an even better one on tap for the Divisional Round. If you have perused the PrizePicks lobby, you might be wondering why I chose the rushing + receiving prop, when his rushing prop is at 19.5 yards and his receiving prop is at 33.5 yards. The answer is simple – he could cover this prop with 30 rushing yards and 30 receiving yards or with 15 rushing yards and 45 receiving yards. This route offers peace of mind, as all we have to worry about is him racking up yards from scrimmage. Over the last six games, McKinnon has played on close to 50% of the snaps. During that stretch, he has averaged 23.6 rushing yards and 45.6 receiving yards. A matchup against the Jaguars sets up well for McKinnon, as Jacksonville is one of the biggest pass-funnel defenses in the league. In other words, they are tough against the run and vulnerable through the air. If the Chiefs lean into the matchup, we could easily see McKinnon out-snap Isiah Pacheco. Barkley only had 28 rushing yards on nine carries in his first game against the Eagles this season, but the Giants were down by three scores early in the first half and were playing with a large deficit the entire game. When the Giants opted to rest their starters in Week 18 against Philadelphia, Gary Brightwell and Matt Breida combined for 15 carries and 88 rushing yards. Brian Daboll is one of the best coaches in the league at game-planning for his opponents. Against the Vikings, he went with a pass-heavy approach because that’s where he knew they had the biggest advantage. The Eagles are first in DVOA against the pass and 21st in DVOA against the run, so we can expect more of a run-heavy approach this week. The Giants do not want to get into a shootout with the Eagles, and running the ball will keep Jalen Hurts and company on the sidelines. If you look through Allen’s game log, you will see a lot of variance in both his rushing attempts and his rushing yards. He’s a tough quarterback to bring down and he’s faster than he looks, which makes him a threat to gain yards on the ground anytime the pocket collapses. While it’s never fun picking against Allen on any prop, the matchup does not set up well for his rushing upside. The Bengals are 28th in adjusted sack rate, while the Bills’ offensive line is sixth in adjusted sack rate. Allen should have plenty of time in the pocket to pick apart this secondary. Additionally, Cincinnati allowed the third fewest rushing yards per game (10.8) to opposing quarterbacks during the regular season. How can you not love the under on Zeke’s rushing prop this week? For starters, he was out-snapped by Tony Pollard in the Wild Card round. Fantasy players have been clamoring for this to happen for years, and the Cowboys are finally starting to give Pollard more work. Zeke played on 48% of the snaps against the Buccaneers and was only able to turn 13 carries into 27 yards. In his last three games combined, he has averaged under two yards per carry. It’s not like we can expect many rushing lanes to open up for Zeke this week against the Niners, as they allowed the second fewest rushing yards per game (78.5) during the regular season. The Cowboys are 3.5-point underdogs and could find themselves in a pass-heavy game script if they fall behind early. Essentially, we have an inefficient running back in a bad matchup and in a potentially bad game script. You can follow Derek Farnsworth on Twitter @RG_Notorious