Kevin Durant has another sprained MCL — but not all sprains are created equal, with both sources close to the situation and leading orthopedic specialists telling The Post this one isn’t as severe as the one that torpedoed the Nets’ last season. After Durant underwent an MRI exam and thorough examination Monday, the Nets proclaimed he would be revaluated in two weeks. That transparent timeline — plus sources close to the situation saying the injury isn’t as bad as the sprains that cost him a month in 2017 and six weeks a year ago — were taken as auspicious. “The bottom line with Kevin, he had this initial injury. It’s funny, could there be something else going on that they’re not telling us about? Who knows? That’s always the challenge,” NYU Langone Chief of the Division of Sports Medicine Dr. Laith Jazrawi told The Post. “But the bottom line is that if the timeline is two weeks, then the MRI probably shows very little signal in the MCL, in that area, which means they’re confident that he’ll probably be back along those timelines. “And it’s also based on how he feels. He probably feels pretty good, so that’s what they’re going with. … So he’s got tenderness in the area, the MRI looks a little bit funny, but he’s not that bad, he’s playing in practice. Two weeks’ timeline to get back. So the MRI was probably not that impressive, his symptoms are probably OK. So that’s why they’re giving you the shorter time.” Durant hurt his MCL on Feb. 28, 2017 with Golden State and didn’t return until April 8. Then last season he sprained his left MCL on Jan. 15, and didn’t play again until March 3. Those were believed to be Grade 2 injuries, while all signs point to Sunday’s injury to Durant’s right knee being a less severe Grade 1. Dr. Daniel Kharrazi of Cedars-Sinai Kerlan-Jobe Institute in Los Angeles told The Post that Durant’s experience with the injury and rehab practices should help him. The former orthopedic consultant to the Lakers concurred the injury seems less severe than the earlier two. “Frankly when I saw the replay of the injury, I thought it was a higher grade, but the fact that they’ve said two weeks revaluation tells me that they’re suspecting that this should hopefully heal pretty quickly,” Kharrazi told The Post. “The timeline of them saying revaluated in two weeks tells me it’s Grade 1 or 2. Most of those are pretty quick recovery, 1 or 2 is two-to-four weeks, Grade 2 or 3 is generally six weeks … but my suspicion is this is a Grade 1 or 2, and that’s why they’re saying be evaluated in two weeks.” “Grade 1 to 2 can heal much faster than a Grade 3 for obvious reasons, because their level of trauma is less. Even within a Grade 1 there could be milder Grade 1s and more severe, but the fact that they’ve said reevaluate in two weeks tells me that this is definitely a lower grade and it definitely is something that can potentially heal in two to three weeks and have [him] back in time for hopefully February, so the next two-to-three weeks.”