House Speaker Kevin McCarthy (R-Calif.) has been effusive in his praise of firebrand Rep. Marjorie Taylor Green (R-Ga.) behind closed doors after she fiercely backed his campaign for the speaker’s gavel, a new report claims. “I will never leave that woman,” McCarthy confided to a friend, according to a New York Times report on Monday. “I will always take care of her,” he added of his close bond with the Georgia representative now in her second term in Congress. The pair are described as constantly texting one another and meeting as often as once a week in McCarthy’s office. The new House speaker even tasked his general counsel to convince senior executives at Twitter to reactivate Greene’s personal account after she was banned last year for violating the social media platform’s COVID-19 misinformation policy, according to the news outlet. “If you’re going to be in a fight, you want Marjorie in your foxhole,” McCarthy told the New York Times “When she picks a fight, she’s going to fight until the fight’s over. She reminds me of my friends from high school, that we’re going to stick together all the way through.” Greene has helped influence McCarthy’s opposition to vaccine mandates, his reticence to continue spending on the war in Ukraine, and his support to reinvestigate the Jan. 6, 2021, riot at the Capitol Building to show “the other side of the story,” in Greene’s words, according to the Times. Their once fraught relationship took a turn during a party at the home of GOP consultant McCarthy’s adviser, where Greene struck up a conversation with former Rep. Devin Nunes (R-Calif.), a trusted ally, who informed her that McCarthy yelled at then-House Majority Leader Rep. Steny Hoyer (D-Md.) for the Democrats’ decision to strip Greene from her committee assignments after social media posts she made endorsing conspiracy theories resurfaced. “That conversation had a big impact on me,” Greene told the Times, recalling that it was the first time she had heard of McCarthy defending her. Earlier this month, Greene supported McCarthy on all 15 ballots in the marathon House speaker election. At one point she was spotted on the phone apparently with former President Donald Trump, himself a McCarthy supporter, attempting to get anti-McCarthy members to speak with him. In November of 2021, McCarthy vowed that Greene would have her privileges to serve on committees restored in a Republican-controlled House and last week he made good on the promise, assigning Greene to the House Homeland Security and Oversight Committees. Greene thanked McCarthy last week as she blasted  Rep. Matt Gaetz (R-Fla.) for the weeklong delay in electing a House speaker. The fireworks started after Gaetz offered his congratulations to Greene on Twitter for her committee assignments. “Bravo [Marjorie Taylor Greene]! She’s going to do amazing work for the people on these key committees she has EARNED,” Gaetz tweeted Wednesday. To which Greene responded, “Thanks to [McCarthy] & Steering for voting me on the committees I requested on the submission form most of us filled out.” “Too bad we’re weeks behind after you spent a week only getting [motion to vacate] from 5 to 1,” she added. “As the leading MAGA voice in Congress, I look forward to committees,” Greene wrapped up her tweet.