Memphis’ top cop has warned the local community not to react with “violence or destruction” when the body camera video of the brutal beating of black motorist Tyre Nichols is released, as law enforcement agencies across the country Thursday brace for possible unrest. Police Chief Cerelyn Davis issued a video statement Wednesday night, in which she described Nichols’ beating as “heinous, reckless and inhumane” — but at the same time urged the community not to lash out in response to the video. “I expect you to feel what the Nichols family feels,” she said. “I expect you to feel outrage in the disregard of basic human rights, as our police officers have taken an oath to do the opposite of what transpired on the video.” “I expect our citizens to exercise their First Amendment right to protest, to demand action and results,” she continued. “But we need to ensure our community is safe in this process. None of this is a calling card for inciting violence or destruction on our community or our citizens.” Nichols’ family members were shown the body camera recording earlier this week, and one of their attorneys later said that Nichols was treated by the officers like a “human piñata,” and likened his encounter with the police to the infamous 1991 beating of Rodney King that sparked riots in Los Angeles. Nichols, 29, who had a 4-year-old son, was beaten by a group of Memphis police officers during a traffic stop on Jan. 7 for reckless driving. Police said in a statement the day after the encounter that “a confrontation occurred” as officers approached the vehicle and Nichols ran; they said officers caught up to him and that ”another confrontation occurred” while they were taking him into custody. Police said Nichols complained of shortness of breath and was taken to a hospital, where he died three days later. Relatives have accused the police of beating Nichols and causing him to have a heart attack and kidney failure. Authorities have only said that Nichols experienced a medical emergency. Davis explained that the video of Nichols’ traffic stop was being released “in the vein of transparency,” but also “to show those who watch us now that this behavior is not what will define our community and this great city.” She added: “This is not a reflection of the good work that many Memphis police officers do every day. “ Davis stressed that she was not only speaking as a chief of police but also as a citizen, “a mother” and a “caring human being who wants the best for all of us.” Law enforcement agencies outside Memphis were also bracing for fallout from the video’s release Thursday. Speaking to The Post Thursday, NYPD Commissioner Keechant Sewell said the NYPD was prepared for the release of the video – and warned that her officers will not put up with unrest. “We are monitoring the release of that video and we are in touch with our partners in Tennessee as well,” she said. “The NYPD is capable of making sure that people are free to exercise their constitutional rights. But we will not tolerate vandalism or criminality or disorder. We just won’t.” Sewell added that NYPD personnel will make sure to treat people “fairly” and allow them to exercise their constitutional rights within the scope of the law. “But we cannot have them engage in disorder. We just can’t,” she stressed. The NYPD has mandated that each of its 77 precincts have at least two officers on security duty, a police source told The Post. Each precinct is also required to have one supervisor and eight officers on hand for mobilizations in case violence breaks out. As of Thursday morning, officers were not allowed to have any unplanned time off at least through the weekend, a source told The Post. The planned release of the video comes after five black Memphis officers were fired Friday after an internal investigation found that they used excessive force and failed in their duties to intervene and render aid to Nichols. Additional law enforcement officials could face disciplinary actions. Davis said the officers “were found to be directly responsible” for the 29-year-old FedEx worker’s physical abuse. They were named as Tadarrius Bean, Demetrius Haley, Emmitt Martin III, Desmond Mills Jr. and Justin Smith. Two Memphis Fire Department employees who were involved in Nichols’ care after the police encounter have also been removed from duty pending an investigation. “This is not just a professional failing. This is a failing of basic humanity towards another individual,” Davis said, adding that those officers who were involved in the incident “failed our community, and they failed the Nichols family. This is beyond regrettable.” The chief said she was committed to ensuring that those responsible for Nichols’ death face “absolute accountability,” promising full cooperation with external investigations by the Justice Department, the FBI, the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation and the Shelby County District Attorney’s Office. During a news conference Wednesday, US Attorney Kevin G. Ritz said the federal investigation into Nichols’ death “may take some time.” “As I told Mr. Nichols’ family, our federal investigation may take some time. These things often do,” Ritz said. “But we will be diligent, and we will make decisions based on the facts and the law.” In her videotaped statement, Davis did not say when the body camera footage will be made public, but Shelby County DA Steve Mulroy said its release will be carefully timed to allow investigators to interview as many suspects or witnesses as possible to deprive them of the chance to tailor their statements to what they saw in the footage. Mulroy said he feared that releasing the video too early in the investigation could influence witnesses. He asked for patience from the public as activists expressed outrage at the delay. Mulroy said Wednesday he was distraught by the video. “My heart went out to the family,” he said. “I’m a parent … I can’t imagine anything worse than losing a child, with the possible exception of losing a child under really violent, prolonged circumstances.” The release of the body camera video could coincide with a decision on whether to charge the five fired Memphis cops, the DA added. With Post wires