Pamela Anderson claims she did not work with a collaborator or ghostwriter on her upcoming memoir, which caused her to gain “like 25 pounds.” The “Baywatch” bombshell, 55, explained Wednesday on “The Howard Stern Show” that it was not only a “massive battle” to get people to believe that she could write “Love, Pamela” without any help, but the writing process took its toll. “It was crazy, but I had a physical reaction to telling my story,” Anderson told the shock jock, explaining that she dropped the weight once she finished writing. “It was almost like I was hanging on to something — It was a protective… my puffy suit of armor. I don’t know what it was — I was thinking it was some kind of protection.” The former Playboy centerfold said she wondered if her body was changing because she was “just getting old,” and her mom even asked her why she never showed off her iconic figure anymore. “I just felt like, ‘What figure?’ You know, I was just kind of joking,” said Anderson, who follows a vegan lifestyle. “I was a mess at that time, so I kind of liked that I peeled back everything: No makeup, nothing like that, and I thought, ‘You know what? If you like me like this — if you like me at my worst, maybe you like me,'” she reasoned. Elsewhere in the Stern interview, Anderson claimed she didn’t know about the Emmy-winning Hulu series “Pam & Tommy” until it was already being teased to the public. Anderson and rocker Tommy Lee, 60, married in February 1995, after just four days of dating. They divorced three years later and share sons Brandon, 26, and Dylan, 25. A source close to Anderson told Entertainment Weekly shortly after the premiere in February 2022 that she will “never” watch the Hulu series. The program chronicles the saga of the former couple’s infamous sex tape, which was stolen in 1995 and later released. Anderson has also claimed she never watched the home video. “I remember seeing this ‘Pam & Tommy’ thing on Hulu, or some advertisement for it, and I thought, ‘What the hell is this?'” “No one called me, no one asked me. I’m still alive!” she exclaimed. Stern asked Anderson if she ever contacted a “very reasonable” Seth Rogen, who was a star and executive producer of the series, or any other producer to express her dismay. She admitted she never did. The Post has contacted a rep for Rogen for comment. “I just felt kind of run over with that one,” she confessed. “I don’t think they really portrayed Tommy or I positively. I don’t know, I only heard that it was a very shallow kind of representation of us, of that time.” “I don’t know why they — I mean, I wish they would’ve called,” she added. But even if someone would’ve called, Anderson doubts she would have agreed to take part in rehashing the “subject matter” of the sex tape. She will, however, revisit that internet-breaking video in her own Netflix documentary, “Pamela, a Love Story,” streaming Jan. 31.