The Issue: Adam Coleman’s column on Rev. Al Sharpton’s support of policies that contribute to crime. Rev. Al Sharpton has made a career of dividing us through violence and race-mongering, so any concerns he has are purely selfish (“Firestarter,” Adam Coleman, PostOpinion, Jan. 26). It is always delightful to see a liberal have a policy he once championed blow up in his face. In his early days, Sharpton preyed on the vulnerable. His fortune is the direct result of being a master manipulator of people’s fears and ignorance. Al, repeat to yourself: “What goes around, comes around.” John Fleming Punta Gorda, Fla. A criminal or victim’s color and/or wealth are beside the point. What matters is the law. No matter what color you are or how much money lines your pockets, if you do the crime, you should serve the time. Here is an irony: While Sharpton and his progressive crowd fight to give out “get-out-of-jail free” cards, the number of black and brown crime victims soars. Noel Anenberg Los Angeles, Calif. What a brilliant analogy Adam Coleman made by comparing a firefighter starting a fire to Al Sharpton backing no-bail and then decrying the effect it has. Sharpton may be the best non-elected politician ever — and I don’t mean that in a good way. He has created so many fires over the years and never takes responsibility for them. When he is called out for them, he always miraculously skates away. And our politicians pander to this non-elected huckster. Sharpton-backed policies have created more crime and death than most people give him credit for. Unfortunately, he also holds sway over Mayor Adams. Both are dangerous and are destroying New York City. Robert Fishman Somers Once again Adam Coleman hits the nail on the head. Bail reform is fine until it hits the wealthy neighborhoods, and then all of a sudden it’s a problem. Poor Al Sharpton helped create the problem. P. Fletcher Massapequa Park The Issue: Classified documents that were kept at the home of former Vice President Mike Pence. Because classified documents recently have been found at the homes of President Biden and former Vice President Mike Pence, the National Archives is right to ask former presidents and vice presidents to recheck their personal records for additional top-secret files (“Who doesn’t have them?!” Jan. 25). Additionally, I’d like to suggest the Archives ask former White House chiefs of staff, national security officers, CIA directors, speakers of the House and secretaries of state and defense to check their personal files as well. They also had access to highly sensitive classified information. Denny Freidenrich Laguna Beach, Fla. Although I disagree with most of Pence’s policies, I believe that, like Biden, he is someone who believes in the rule of law. I do not believe that Pence or Biden personally and maliciously packed classified documents or that they had any intent to violate records-keeping regulations. Their possession of the documents is something which we could be likely to find in examining many former presidents. Their situations are entirely different from that of former President Donald Trump, who regarded classified documents the FBI seized from his Mar-a-Lago estate as souvenirs, consistently refusing to turn them over despite knowing that they were not to be in his possession. Oren Spiegler Peters Township, Pa. Want to weigh in on today’s stories? Send your thoughts (along with your full name and city of residence) to letters@nypost.com. Letters are subject to editing for clarity, length, accuracy and style.