A man was stabbed in the neck with scissors near Times Square Saturday as revelers packed the streets watch the ball drop and ring in the new year, cops and witnesses said. The slashing occurred around 8:45 p.m. New Year’s Eve when a fight broke out between two men on West 42nd Street and 6th Avenue, police said. A tourist visiting from San Diego to watch the New Year’s Eve festivities for the first time told The Post the victim grabbed a pair of scissors from his backpack when the attacker landed a punch, knocking him out. The knifeman then knocked the weapon from the other man’s hands and stabbed him. “A guy with a book bag got knocked out. He was digging through his book bag. The guy with the bag was holding scissors. He pulled 2-inch scissors out of his bag. The guy who hit him knocked the scissors out of his hand and jabbed him in the neck three times,” the man, who only wanted to be identified by his first name, Brandon, said. “He was bleeding pretty bad in his neck. He did damage when he stabbed him with the scissors … When I saw him digging through the bag, we moved away.” Cops reportedly arrested the attacker and transported the victim to the hospital. Brandon’s girlfriend Bailey said the brawling duo both looked drunk. The attacker had been sitting with a girl and a case of beer, she said. Another witness, Gabriel, 22, said there was a lot of blood. “I was staring at the ball and I saw a big commotion and I saw someone do this like three times to someone’s neck,” Gabriel said, making a stabbing gesture. “I saw a bunch of blood so I’m assuming he got stabbed. Everybody was yelling ‘yo it’s not worth it!” Brandon and Bailey said the bloody New Year’s Eve attack would stop them from visiting the Big Apple again for the celebration. “When people ask me how the ball dropped, I’ll tell them that story … I will say I saw some guy get stabbed in the neck in New York City. Very typical New York City,” Bailey told The Post. “I probably won’t see the ball drop again.” The scissor stabbing was the second in Times Square on New Year’s Eve. A man was stabbed “about eight times” at 11 a.m. near Seventh Avenue and West 40th Street The night before, a man was knifed a few blocks away from Times Square at West 42nd Street and Sixth Avenue.