The Golden Globes returned to the small screen last night, and fans were not pleased — slamming the event as “woke” and “boring.” The awards show made a comeback after not airing on NBC last year due to a diversity scandal with the Hollywood Foreign Press Association. NBC abruptly pulled the plug on airing the 2022 Golden Globes, citing the need for “meaningful reform” by the embattled organization which doles out the gilded trophies. Host Jerrod Carmichael, 35, touched on the HFPA’s controversy in his monologue, revealing why he believed he was chosen to host: “I’m here because I’m black.” “This show, the Golden Globe Awards, did not air last year because the Hollywood Foreign Press Association, which I won’t say they were a racist organization, but they didn’t have a single black member until George Floyd died,” he explained. “So do with that information what you will.” The return of the Globes was supposed to signal a fresh start, however, many viewers took to social media to express their disappointment. Many found that the awards show was “too politicized.” “Congratulations to the boring woke awards #GoldenGlobes,” one viewer tweeted. “Man the @goldenglobes is has hit a all new low right out of the gate. Is Hollyweird capable of doing anything without cramping racism/wokeism!” a user wrote. “Give one 10min to preach then 20 sec to others! Want more time just talk about woke s – – t.” ” ‘Top Gun Maverick’ was robbed of their win at the Golden Globes. Maybe if Hollywood wasn’t so worried about pleasing the woke it would have been better,” another tweeted. “Was there a single joke in that opening monologue or did he just pepper it with random woke buzzwords? Horrific, get off the stage,” someone wrote. Others simply thought it was a snooze fest. “Okay, this show should have stayed off the air. So boring…” one person wrote. “I’ll just go ahead and say it, the @goldenglobes it’s the most boring TV awards show I’ve ever seen,” another tweeted. “Well that was a very unfunny, boring monologue,” someone said. “This is boring AF. It seemed like a dress rehearsal that nobody was paying attention to,” one person tweeted. “I was really looking forward to the @goldenglobes tonight. Sadly, this host and the boring acceptance speeches, it’s a snooze fest,” a disappointed viewer said. Elsewhere in the show, host Carmichael mocked Tom Cruise and Scientology, honoree Eddie Murphy took a hit at Will Smith’s Oscars slap and Tracy Morgan joked that Murphy’s “pullout game is weak” — roasting him for having 10 kids. Among the big television winners were “Abbott Elementary,” “The White Lotus” and “House of the Dragon.” As for film, “The Fabelmans” and “The Banshees of Inisherin” snared the most gold.