December was an active time for comedian Louis C.K.’s New York real estate holdings. Late that month, he sold a downtown co-op at the John Adams, 101 W. 12th St., for $1.8 million, according to city property records filed just before the new year. That’s well below the $2.45 million the funnyman paid for it in 2016. The 17th-floor spread, a combination of two apartments, is 1,450 square feet. There are two bedrooms and two bathrooms, as well as a home office. There are also wall-to-wall windows, hardwood floors and built-in bookcases. The buyers are listed as Eric and Ashley Pacheco; Deborah Grubman of Corcoran repped the listing. At the same time, Louis C.K., otherwise known as Louis Székely, is in contract to sell his downtown Manhattan townhouse some three months after it hit the market for $8.49 million.The embattled comedian bought that five-bedroom home at 35 Charlton St. for $6.5 million in 2012. After listing in late September for that sum, the asking price later had two price chops. By early December, it was down to $6.5 million — the price he paid for it more than a decade ago — and in contract by the end of the month, according to reports. This 19th-century property has three bathrooms and a powder room. The 4,822-square-foot spread features a total of 13 rooms. It can work as a single-family mansion or an owner’s unit with a rental, brokers say. Outdoor space includes a second-story terrace and a yard — and the home is also part of the longest row of Federal and early Greek Revival homes developed by John Jacob Astor, according to the listing. The Charlton Street home’s listing brokers are Carl Gambino and Justin Montero, of Compass. Kiran Mummidichetty and Morgan McCarthy, also of Compass, repped the buyer. Louis C.K. has since bought a new $3.85 million co-op at the iconic One Fifth Avenue, as Gimme Shelter reported exclusively. While Louis C.K. admitted to sexual misconduct in 2017, he later downplayed the incidents. Last April, he won a Grammy for Best Comedy Album.