Tom Brady isn’t the only Buccaneer whose future is up in the air. Tampa Bay is expected to fire offensive coordinator Byron Leftwich according to Pewter Report, which states the move has no correlation to whether Brady returns to the team in 2023. It follows the Buccaneers’ season-ending loss to the Cowboys in the wild-card round on “Monday Night Football” — and a season that was filled with injuries just two years removed from a Super Bowl title. The Bucs offense has regressed this season, the first without Bruce Arians as head coach. The offensive mastermind retired from the sidelines fort a front office position after rumors of a rift with Brady. Todd Bowles was promoted from the defensive coordinator to take Arians job. Leftwich, an NFL quarterback from 2003–12, has been calling plays for Tampa Bay since 2019. This season, the Bucs averaged 364.7 yards per game while scoring just 18.4 points — winning the NFC South at 8-9 — which put them at 25th in the NFL in scoring. That was a dramatic dip from being ranked second in the league in 2021 and 2020, when they averaged 30 points per game. According to the outlet, Tampa Bay had planned to fire Leftwich midway through the season, though Bowles decided to trust his defense and a Brady-led offense in hopes that improvements would occur down the line. Meanwhile, Brady has praised Leftwich’s coaching abilities, and said in Dec. 2021 that he “absolutely” has the qualities needed to be a successful head coach one day. Leftwich was considered an up-and-coming head coaching candidate prior to this season and interviewed for a number of openings. “I’ve been around a lot of great coaches over the years and it’s just a matter of time for different guys when different opportunities come up,” Brady said at the time. “Byron has been amazing for me to work with, and I know he will have a lot of opportunities. He will do a great job.” Brady is a free agent this offseason, faced with a decision to return for a 24th NFL season or retire for good. The 45-year-old quarterback has been linked to the Raiders, Dolphins, Titans and 49ers. The Commanders fired their offensive coordinator in Scott Turner last Tuesday after another disappointing season, following a three-year stint with Washington. Leftwich, being a Washington native, could be a fit for the job, as Commanders head coach Ron Rivera said he’s looking for a “fresh start” at the position. The Steelers are also rumored to be eyeing Leftwich’s services as they are reportedly looking to move on from OC Matt Canada. Leftwich played for the Jaguars, Falcons, Buccaneers and the Steelers in two separate stints. He won Super Bowl 43 with Pittsburgh after the 2008 season.