Lamar Jackson’s injury has some sports media analysts divided. The Ravens quarterback did not play in Sunday’s season-ending loss to the Bengals due to a lingering PCL sprain he sustained in Week 13. It was a decision that former NFL QBs Michael Vick and Robert Griffin III do not agree on. During Fox’s NFL pregame show on Saturday, Vick said of Jackson’s situation: “Put a brace on it, let’s go… I played a whole season on a sprained MCL.” On Sunday, Griffin hit back at Vick’s “brace” comment in a tweet that defended Jackson’s decision to sit out — and referenced his own experience playing through injury in the postseason as a rookie. “This is why you don’t just put a brace on it and play,” Griffin wrote in his post, which included a photo of the play he suffered a knee injury during Washington’s wild-card game loss to Seattle in 2012. “Played with no ACL and LCL for my brothers/team. Changed the trajectory of my career. Hindsight is 20/20. I didn’t have the luxury of that. Lamar does. He is DOING THE RIGHT THING.” Griffin played in that game after he sustained an LCL sprain weeks prior. Following offseason knee surgery to repair both his ACL and LCL, the second-overall pick by Washington in 2012 never returned to the level he entered the league. He continued to deal with injuries throughout his career. The former Heisman Trophy winner hasn’t played in the NFL since he was waived by the Ravens in January 2021, following three seasons with the organization. He signed with ESPN that August as an NFL analyst. Following Vick’s comments, Griffin tweeted Saturday: “Anyone saying Lamar Jackson should just ‘brace it up and go play’ REGARDLESS of the extent of his knee injury needs to get their head out of their ass.” Griffin also reposted a tweet by SportsCenter that read: “.@RGIII believes Lamar Jackson is making the right decision for his long-term career.” Jackson has not played since he sustained the knee injury in a victory against the Broncos on Dec. 4. His timetable to return was believed to be 1-3 weeks, which has stirred speculation about his injury. On Thursday, the quarterback provided insight into his PCL strain, revealing that his knee is still unstable. “Thank you everyone for your support and concerns regarding my injuries,” the 26-year-old Jackson tweeted. “I want to give you all an update as I am in the recovery process. I’ve suffered a PCL grade 2 sprain on the borderline of a strain 3. There is still inflammation surrounding my knee and my knee remains unstable. “I’m still in good spirits, as I continue with treatments on the road to recovery,” he continued. “I wish I could be out there with my guys more than anything but I can’t give a 100% of myself to my guys and fans I’m still hopeful we still have a chance.” The former NFL MVP, Jackson will become an unrestricted free agent when the new league year begins on March 16 if he and the Ravens can’t agree to terms on a new deal. Jackson and the Ravens failed to reach an agreement last season, when the team refused to give him a five-year, fully guaranteed contract. The quarterback represents himself, as he does not have an agent. Following Baltimore’s season-ending loss to the Bengals in Sunday’s wild-card game, Jackson shared a cryptic message to his Instagram Story. Jackson did not travel with the team for Sunday’s game at Paycor Stadium in Cincinnati, according to the NBC broadcast. “When you have something good, you don’t play with it,” Jackson wrote. :You don’t take chances losing it. You don’t neglect it. When you have something good, you pour into it. You appreciate it. Because when you take care of something good, that good thing takes care of you too.”