He can’t even get his sickness story straight. Another series of apparent lies or exaggerations have been uncovered in connection with disgraced Long Island Rep. George Santos’ shocking web of deceit. In addition to fabricating his entire resume and vital aspects of his family history, the 34-year-old Republican made contradictory statements about an early case of COVID-19 — for which he claimed to have been hospitalized in the first weeks of the pandemic. On March 30, 2020, Santos told the “Empire State Conservative Podcast” that he had been taken to Elmhurst Hospital in an ambulance with COVID-19 symptoms earlier that month after possibly being exposed to the burgeoning virus at the Conservative Political Action Conference on Feb. 29. “Unfortunately, on the 9th of March I became symptomatic with what we all know now very well, COVID-19 aka coronavirus or commonly known as the Chinese flu,” he said, while laughing. “On the 11th I ended up in the hospital. It was really bad, fever, body aches, you know all the known symptoms there.” Santos, who was running to represent New York’s 3rd Congressional District at the time, said he was isolated in a plastic bubble with an air filter, because the hospital had “run out of isolation rooms.” On the 14th, Santos said he tested positive for the virus after running a temperature of 102.5 degrees for five days. “At one point, I didn’t know if it was day or night, right from wrong,” Santos told the podcast hosts, explaining that he had been hallucinating from his sustained fever. Santos also claimed the situation was especially dangerous because he had pre-existing medical conditions and was recovering from a brain tumor. “I have an immunodeficiency and I have acute chronic bronchitis. I also battled a brain tumor a couple of years ago, and I had radiation done, which really lowers your immunity in general,” he said. “Radiation isn’t a game. I’m susceptible to cancer. It’s in my DNA.” Despite Santos’ openness on the podcast, his campaign only issued a perfunctory press release on the day he supposedly tested positive — featuring a quote praising then-President Donald Trump’s national emergency declaration and with nary a mention of the candidate’s supposed ordeal. On March 18, four days after Santos claimed he tested positive and was extremely ill, the compulsive liar appeared virtually on FOX Business, where the healthy and well-fed-looking candidate said he was “in recovery” from the virus and no longer symptomatic. However Santos said during a COVID-19 virtual town hall the next month that he was still suffering from the virus through the date of his television appearance. The discrepencies were first uncovered by Washington Post reporter Dan Diamond on his personal blog last month, and elaborated on by The Daily Beast Tuesday. Inconsistencies in Santos’ COVID-19 story abounded as 2020 went on. That September, he told The Island Now outlet that he had suffered “the worst two weeks of my life as an adult” during his supposed illness. When Trump was diagnosed with the virus the next month, Santos talked to the media about his own experience, and began to change the parameters he had previously stated. In an interview with Fox News, Santos said he had gotten the virus on “March 7,” not March 9 as he said before. If that was true, Santos would have been among the first 11 patients in New York City. By the next year, the supposed timeline had shifted again. Santos tweeted on March 5, 2021 that it was the anniversary of his positive test — four days earlier than his previous account. Only a handful of cases had been reported in the city on that day in 2020. Months later, the yardsticks moved once more. Santos reportedly tweeted that he had actually been been treated at Elmhurst Hospital on March 4 and tested positive on March 7. His podcast claims to have suffered from a brain tumor were repeated during his unsuccessful bid for Congress in 2020 or his successful campaign last year, The Daily Beast said. For the third straight day, neither Santos nor his chief of staff immediately returned a request for comment from The Post Wednesday. Santos admitted to The Post Dec. 26 that he had lied about working at Goldman Sachs and Citigroup, being Jewish and attending and graduating from college. He had also made up the outrageous claims that his grandparents were Holocaust survivors and his mother was killed in the Sept. 11 terror attacks. It was revealed the freshman Republican also lied about owning more than a dozen properties, and even went so far as to falsely claim he went to the prestigious Horace Mann School in the Bronx. Santos has also been accused of fabricating his campaign finance records and not disclosing the true origin of a $705,000 loan, which is the subject of a federal investigation and a House ethics complaint.