Plastic surgery? That don’t impress her much. Country-pop queen Shania Twain has revealed that she will not be going under the knife to alter her appearance. The “You’re Still The One” hitmaker said cosmetic procedures have been weighing heavy on her mind for a while, but admitted she’s ultimately decided against it. “I’ve come to a point where, no I’m not gonna do it,” she said on the “Making Space with Hoda Kotb” podcast Monday. “Maybe that was probably part of what pushed me to go, ‘OK, it’s time to start loving yourself in your own skin,’ because sure I’ve got lots of friends that have had very successful surgeries, but I’ve also seen others that aren’t so successful.” “And then I think, ‘Well what if I’m one of those that doesn’t heal very well, then I’m gonna hate that about myself.’ Then I’m gonna regret doing it. And then, maybe I’m going to fall and cut myself, and I’m gonna need stitches, for real,” she added. The “That Don’t Impress Me Much” singer said she recently had a breakthrough moment in which she decided to “forget the sag.” At 57, Twain decided to pose nude in the artwork for her upcoming album, “Queen of Me,” set for release on Feb. 3. “I want to be more relaxed and comfortable in my own skin,” she said on the podcast. “It is what it is, and I can’t change it unless I go under the knife or something. I mean you don’t really know what you’re gonna get anyway, right?” “One thing pulled here, and another one pulled there, I don’t know, I may never be happy. So, it’s my perception of things that has to change… instead of changing who I am and what I look like,” she added. Speaking about her decision to pose nude for the first time ever — and in her 50s — Twain told Hoda Kotb on The “Today” show earlier this month that she was “petrified.” “It was so empowering. I’m so glad I did it. I was petrified, but once I flipped that switch and dove into it, I’m like, ‘I’m all in!’ I committed 100%,” she said. “I don’t really love my body,” she continued. “I don’t love looking at myself in the mirror with the lights on or looking in the mirror at all at my body.” But the Grammy-winning star has been working on feeling herself more in her 50s. “It’s so essential, more than ever, because as we age … our skin starts to melt and all kinds of things happen to us,” she told Kotb. “I realize that, wow, I was shy about wearing a bikini at the beach when I was younger, and I’m thinking, ‘That was ridiculous. I gotta stop this nonsense and start wearing a bikini to the beach now, even though I’m not my 20-year-old self.’ You know, I just gotta get over that stuff.”