We went 2-1 on our NBA player prop picks on Wednesday, correctly calling big games from CJ McCollum and Harrison Barnes. Tonight, we’re targeting an oft-injured superstar and a couple of role players that have stepped up their game of late while their teams deal with injuries of their own. Here’s our three favorite bets make ahead of Friday’s NBA action: Leonard has seemingly gotten his legs underneath him since the start of the new year. The two-time NBA champion and five-time All-Star is still working his way back from an ACL tear that kept him off the court all of last season and has limited him to just 19 games this season. But the good news for Clippers fans, he might be getting close to full strength. In his last two games, Leonard has scored 29 and 33 points against the Hawks and Mavericks, respectively, after having scored more than 30 points only once before that. Even so, I’m not ready to count on him just yet. Tonight will be his third straight appearance, a feat he’s accomplished just three other times this season. Each time he’s reached that three-game threshold, he has either sustained an injury or chosen to rest the game thereafter, suggesting his conditioning isn’t quite there yet to maintain consistent playing time. Betting on a healthy Leonard is risky as is, but his opponent, combined with the Clippers’ style of play, just doesn’t make this total very appetizing. The Nuggets and Clippers rank 19th and 22nd in the NBA in pace, respectively, so opportunities for Leonard will be limited. Denver may not be the stingiest defensive team, but they have big wings like Kentavious Caldwell-Pope, Bruce Brown and Aaron Gordon to throw at Leonard, unlike years past. The Spurs are a mess, but every team has a few bright spots. Take Tre Jones, San Antonio’s current starting point guard. Since Devin Vassell, the Spurs’ second-leading scorer, went out with a knee injury on January 2nd, Jones has filled the void, with 19.4 points, 4.8 assists and 4.4 rebounds in just over 30 minutes per game. Jones’ all-around game and increased ball-handling duties make him a solid candidate to reach this number, especially considering the stakes and his opponent. Tonight’s game — which will be played in the Alamodome on ESPN at 7:30 p.m. ET, is set to break the NBA’s single-game attendance record, so expect everyone to come to play. There are going to be a ton of opportunities to rack up the counting stats in this one, too. The Warriors play at the fastest pace in basketball while the Spurs aren’t too far behind as the ninth-fastest team. Both teams are giving up a ton of points, so offensively Jones shouldn’t have a problem putting up decent scoring and assist numbers. In terms of rebounding, the Warriors are actually giving up the sixth-most boards in the NBA, which adds one more avenue for Jones to pad his P+R+A stats. Like we did with CJ McCollum on Wednesday, we’re betting on a Pelican to have a big night for this injury-riddled New Orleans team. This time, it’s Valanciunas, who should absolutely eat in the paint against a soft Detroit defense. The Pistons are one of the worst in the NBA slowing opponents down near the hoop, giving up the second-most points in the paint per game this season (55.2). They are also allowing a ton of second-chance points (14.8, third-most in the NBA). Valanciunas should be salivating, as he does most of his work under the hoop (8.5 points in the paint per game) and off of offensive rebounds (3.4 second-chance points per game). Detroit will also be without at least one of its key big men. Rookie Jalen Duren, who has quickly proven to be one of the best rebounders in the NBA, is out with an ankle injury while Isaiah Stewart, another solid inside presence for the Pistons, is questionable to play (shoulder). The Pelicans center has exceeded 17.5 points two times in his last three outings, including games against better defenses like the Wizards and Mavericks, as he takes on a bigger offense load with Zion Williamson and Brandon Ingram out. Backing him to do it once again this weak Pistons interior defense is worth a shot. 