The party in Philadelphia got way too rowdy after the Eagles defeated the 49ers in the NFC Championship game on Sunday. Some Eagles fans suffered injuries after a SEPTA bus stop they were standing on collapsed on South Broad Street near City Hall, according to Philly Crime Update. The site added that there were several injuries reported. In a video of the incident, a group of people can be seen falling through the glass roof of the bus shelter while surrounded by crowds of fans. The footage does not show the aftermath of the collapse, though the crowd can be heard reacting to it, with people gasping and screaming. “Oh my God,” one person can be heard yelling, while another added, “I told you.” It’s unclear if medical personnel or authorities made it to the scene. Thousands of fans filled the streets of Philadelphia, where “Fly Eagles Fly” chants could be heard roaring from the Linc to downtown as the celebrations continued into the early morning hours. Prior to the festivities, Philadelphia Mayor Jim Kenney had hoped that things would not escalate. “As a lifelong Philadelphian and the Mayor of this great city I am thrilled to see fans of all ages and from every neighborhood celebrating side by side, full of pride and excitement,” Kenney said in a statement. “This is a wonderful night and I ask Philadelphians to celebrate joyously, safely, and respectfully.” In preparation of the massive fan presence, police greased the poles in downtown Philadelphia and set up barricades near popular areas, including at City Hall. That didn’t stop Eagles fans from climbing light fixtures and other structures after the Eagles’ dominant 31-7 win over the 49ers to punch their ticket to Super Bowl 2023. At one point, at least seven people were hanging from a traffic light. “Many of the preparations that have been undertaken mirror similar events that have occurred in the past with the Phillies’ NLCS celebrations as the most recent example,” police said. This marks the 4th time the Eagles will play in the Super Bowl. They last played in the big game in Feb. 2018, when they defeated Tom Brady and the Patriots to win their first championship. The Eagles will now face the Chiefs at State Farm Stadium in Arizona on Feb. 12.