LOS ANGELES — Sonny Dykes doesn’t see a problem with the evolving nature of college football, the role Name, Image and Likeness (NIL) and the transfer portal now play in the sport. The issue, at least from the TCU coach’s point of view, is that it took too long for the NCAA to adapt. “Instead of changing and taking care of student-athletes and their welfare like we should have, we basically neglected that to the point where the courts had to get involved,” he said on Saturday at the L.A. Convention Center. “I’m in the minority to view it that way, but that’s a tragedy that had to happen that way and all of a sudden, when the courts get involved you have chaos because they’re deciding on things that obviously they don’t know about from a day-to-day perspective.” But Dykes believes that these changes needed to happen, for the simple fact that athletes needed more rights. So though NIL and the transfer portal may be seen by some as out of control, they had to happen. TCU, in particular, benefitted from transfers — landing cornerback Josh Newton from Louisiana-Monroe, linebacker Johnny Hodges from Navy and tight end Jared Wiley from Texas, among others. “That’s always been our thing is the game is changing daily, and it’s my job to adapt and not only keep up, but try to be in front of those changes and to try to use every opportunity to make our team better and our program better,” he said. “And, so, all those things I really truly see as positives. I think it’s all about player empowerment. I’m a big believer in that. It’s something, to me, [that] should have happened 30 years ago.” TCU running back Kendre Miller is optimistic he will be able to play on Monday night. How much and how effective he will be is the question. The team’s leading rusher, with 1,399 yards and 17 touchdowns, suffered a sprained MCL in his right knee in the Fiesta Bowl upset of Michigan. “Oh, I’m going [to play],” he said. Later, Miller said his knee felt 50 percent. He woke up sore on Friday after practicing on Thursday, but felt better on Saturday. “I think to me in the next 24 hours is when obviously we’ll have to make a determination, have a pretty good idea on what he’s going to be able to do going into the game Monday,” Dykes said. “We’re still optimistic that he’s going to be able to play.” Georgia coach Kirby Smart didn’t reveal much on his three injured players, tight end Darnell Washington, right tackle Warren McClendon and linebacker Chaz Chambliss, other than to say he’s hopeful they’ll be able to play.