The Bills and the NFL got the Damar Hamlin update they were waiting for. The team said in a statement Thursday morning that the Bills safety is “neurologically intact” and has “shown remarkable improvement over the past 24 hours,” just days after he suffered cardiac arrest in a “Monday Night Football” game against the Bengals in Cincinnati. Though Hamlin is “still critically ill,” the team added Thursday that the 24-year-old’s “lungs continue to heal and he is making steady progress.” “We are grateful for the love and support we have received,” the Bills concluded Thursday’s message. Hamlin has remained in the ICU of the University of Cincinnati Medical Center since Monday evening, when he was rushed off the field following a terrifying collapse in the first quarter. He was immediately tended to by medical personnel, who gave him CPR at the scene. The NFL community has continued to offer its support for Hamlin and his loved ones, who have stayed in Cincinnati to be at his side. NFL Network’s Ian Rapoport reported Thursday how Hamlin “has been gripping the hands of those close to him,” and that he “opened his eyes last night and is responsive.” Hamlin’s teammate, Bills cornerback Kaiir Elam, also shared an encouraging update Thursday, tweeting, “Our boy is doing better, awake and showing more signs of improvement. Thank you God. Keep the prayers coming please. All love 3!” Hamlin’s family has continued to provide updates on his condition, with the safety’s father addressing the entire Bills team Wednesday via Zoom. During the call, Mario Hamlin “informed the Bills that Damar was making progress,” with a source telling ESPN’s Adam Schefter, “The team needed it.” A sixth-round pick out of the University of Pittsburgh, Hamlin has been a member of the Bills since 2021. He has started for much of the 2022 season after All-Pro safety Micah Hyde was sidelined for the year after suffering a neck injury in September. Off the field, Hamlin has given back to the community, raising money for his The Chasing M’s Foundation Community Toy Drive. In the aftermath of his collapse, over $7.2 million has been raised.