The death toll at an apartment building in Ukraine struck by a Russian missile rose to 23 on Sunday as rescue workers scrambled to find survivors in the rubble. Crews worked overnight in freezing temperatures at the apartment building in Dnipro, in east-central Ukraine, to rescue people, even employing a crane to reach survivors on the upper floors. People trapped in the building, which houses about 1,700 people, used lights on their cell phones to signal for help. Officials in Dnipro said at least 35 people were missing and 73 were injured – 39 people had been rescued. The attack Saturday was the largest carried out by Russia in the past several weeks that targeted Ukraine’s power infrastructure and urban areas.Russia fired 33 cruise missiles on Saturday, of which 21 were shot down, according to Gen. Valeriy Zaluzhny, the commander-in-chief of the Ukrainian armed forces. The capital Kyiv and Kharhiv, in the northeast, also reported missile attacks. Ivan Garnuk was in the apartment building when it was hit and said the residential tower had no military strategic value. “There are no military facilities here. There is nothing here,” he told the Associated Press. “There is no air defense, there are no military bases here. It just hit civilians, innocent people. ”People’s screams could be heard coming from under huge piles of debris, as emergency workers paused for several moments to pinpoint the location of the pleas in the silence. “Two rooms on the second floor remain practically intact but buried,” Oleh Kushniruk, a deputy director of the regional branch of Ukraine’s State Emergency Service, said, according to Reuters. Residents of Dnipro helped rescue workers dig through the debris and brought food and clothing to those whose homes were destroyed. “This is clearly terrorism and all this is simply not human,” Artem Myzychenko told the wire service as he worked to remove the rubble. Russia’s defense ministry on Sunday said that the bombardment had been a success. “All designated targets have been hit. The goal of the attack has been achieved,” the ministry said in a statement. Missiles were fired “on the military command and control system of Ukraine and related energy facilities” the statement said without mentioning the strike on the Dnipro building. With Post wires   