He’s been blacklisted. Anthony Loffredo, who calls himself the “black alien,” removed his ears, nostrils and even a few fingers; sharpened his teeth and dyed them purple; and covered his body in extreme tattoos. Now the Frenchman says he’s found one space where he can’t come in peace. “If I want to eat at a restaurant, sometimes the server says I can’t eat on the terrace,” Loffredo, 33, recently told LAD Bible. While some alter the size of their figure or inject fillers into their face, Loffredo’s body modification is out of this world. He revealed that he was miserable living in a body he didn’t belong in, finding new self-confidence from people who have reportedly told him that his appearance makes them “feel more secure” with themselves. “It’s a fight every day, because every day you find new people who don’t understand, who want to judge. It’s life, not everyone understands everything. Like me, I don’t understand lots of things about lots of people,” he told the Club 113 podcast last year. “You can’t judge someone. No one knows what’s inside someone’s head, why they’re doing that, you need to talk with this person,” continued Loffredo, who swears he’s just a “normal guy” with a family and friends. The challenges haven’t stalled his passion for body modification — he claims he’s ready to take the leap with leg amputation. “It’s something really hard because I have a healthy leg, and an amputation is something big,” he explained about the difficult surgery. He previously disclosed he’s always been “passionate about mutations and transformations” — even “from a very young age.” But it wasn’t until the unrecognizable tattoo aficionado was in his 20s that he decided to pursue the seemingly bizarre body changes. “I love getting into the shoes of a scary character. I often settle down somewhere and play a role, especially at night in the dark streets,” he confessed in 2021. “I explore the contrast between the role I play and myself.” Loffredo isn’t alone in his heavy-handed body tampering — some people have tattooed their eyeballs, split their tongues or gone under the knife for elf ears.