And the race begins. The 2023 Oscar nominees were announced on Tuesday morning by Academy Award winner Riz Ahmed and “M3GAN” star Allison Williams. Live from the Samuel Goldwyn Theater in Los Angeles, the pair revealed the nominations in a livestream on “Good Morning America.” “Everything Everywhere All at Once” led the pack with 11 nominations, including a historic nomination for Malaysian actress Michelle Yeoh who is now the first Asian Best Actress nominee in the Academy’s history. “All Quiet on the Western Front” and “Banshees of Inisherin” fell right behind, scoring nine noms each. “Elvis” received eight nominations, including Austin Butler for Best Actor and Best Picture and “The Fabelmans” got seven nods. Steven Spielberg received his 12th nomination for Best Picture for his work in the autobiographical drama “The Fabelmans.” At 87 years old, Judd Hirsch became the second oldest acting nominee to date after Christopher Plummer. Hirsch won a nomination for “The Fabelmans.” “Black Panther: Wakanda Forever” received four noms, with Angela Bassett winning one for Best Supporting Actress, a first in Marvel history. “The Whale” earned three nominations and Brendan Fraser received a Best Actor nod for his role in the drama, hailed as a comeback for the beloved thespian. Rihanna got her first-ever Oscar nomination for Best Original Song for her song “Lift Me Up” from “Wakanda Forever.” Oscar winner Lady Gaga even was nominated for “Hold My Hand” from “Top Gun: Maverick.” Jimmy Kimmel is hosting the event for the third time and will take the stage at the Dolby Theatre in Los Angeles on March 12. The late-night show entertainer previously emceed the show in 2017 and 2018. At the 2022 Governors Awards that were held last November, the Academy honored Michael J. Fox with the Jean Hersholt Humanitarian Award. The organization also commended Euzhan Palcy, Diane Warren and Peter Weir with honorary Academy awards. The 2022 Oscars was sure one to remember, with many pivotal moments such as Will Smith smacking presenting Chris Rock, a surprise Liza Minelli appearance, Beyonce’s show-stopping performance of her song “Be Alive” and more. The slap heard around the world went down when Rock, 57, made a joke about Smith’s wife Jada Pinkett Smith and the “Men in Black” star hit the comedian on stage on live TV. By the end of the evening, Smith, 54, had won the Oscar for Best Actor for his role in the sports drama “King Richard” in a surprising turn of events. However, in the days following the incident during the ceremony, Smith was banned from attending the Academy Awards for the next 10 years. Amy Schumer, Regina Hall and Wanda Sykes hosted last year’s show and the female trio joked about the coronavirus, Samuel L. Jackson’s lack of work in a romantic comedy and Florida’s controversial “Don’t Say Gay” bill. Here is the full list of nominees for the 2023 Oscars.