Listen, if we’re going give Valentine’s Day gifts this year, we’re certainly going to do it right. It’s time to skip the store-bought roses that’ll droop in two days, the convenience store-bought card and the wrong chocolate. Though 2023 just begun, Valentine’s Day will be here before you know it. So, if you’re shopping for your wife, your daughter or your boyfriend (or any loved one on your list), have no fear. We pieced together a festive edit full of love: our one-stop-shop to the 60 best Valentine’s Day gift ideas of 2023. After thorough research and ample product testing, rest assured that these picks are all top-tier and worth your hard-earned money. So, whether you’re looking for the most beautiful flower delivery services or wondering where to grab affordable fine jewelry online, we covered all the bases so you can shop less and love your loved ones more. Click to jump to a specific recipient: While traditional roses are great and all, Rosepops is unique in that it delivers preserved roses for your S.O. to enjoy. The brand has several other options on its site, however we love The Lucky 13 Preserved Rose Arrangement that’ll sit beautifully on her desk or dresser. When we think of Valentine’s Day, we think of lingerie — plain and simple. This luxe robe from Victoria’s Secret is all we could ever ask for, too, thanks to its gorgeous lace detailing and subtly sexy charm. Some women love diamonds, but most enjoy coffee. Treat your wife or mom to barista-style brews each morning with one of our favorite coffee machines: the Nespresso VertuoPlus Coffee & Espresso Machine. We love how it comes with the Aeroccino Milk Frother, too (a game-changer, to say the least). Not only is the Lovebox Spinning Heart Messenger a unique item we reviewed but it also makes a legendary gift that we may already be using with our partners. Apt for long-distance relationships, especially, it revamps old-fashioned love notes with a modern charm. If you haven’t tried Vosges Haut-Chocolat’s Exotic Truffle Collection, you’re missing out big time. The brand has exceptionally crafted chocolate blends — which will be adored and devoured by the chocolate lover you know — and is elegantly packaged in a deep violet box, perfect for Valentine’s Day gifting. For more options, check out our guide to the best places to order chocolate online. Treat the woman in your life to something everyone and their mother is raving about: the Dyson Airwrap. We reviewed it and can see what all the hype is about, namely for its myriad attachments and salon-sleek blowout every time it’s used. For the tea lover you know, make Valentine’s Day a treat with the VAHDAM Assorted Tea Sampler Gift Box. Featuring 25 separate bags — including flavors like India’s Original Chai Tea, Vanilla Spiced Chai Tea and Turmeric Ginger Herbal Tea, among others — it’s the perfect bundle for just $15. We love the 54 Thrones African Beauty Butter Mini Gift Set because (1) the formulation is super hydrating, (2) it’s one of our favorite body butters we reviewed and (3) allows you to toss on in your work tote, another in your designer clutch and one inside your desk drawer. Treat the woman in your life to a douse of some much-needed hydration. How unbelievably festive is this Kate Spade New York Love Shack Heart Purse? For less than $200 right now, it’s not only picture-perfect for Valentine’s Day but will be cherished as that bright pop of red to an all-black or all-neutral outfit for any time of year. Yes, Georgetown Cupcake — the famous cupcake house in D.C. — is up for grabs online. Just shy of $50, treat any dessert lover you know to a 12-pack of the most outrageously delicious treats (especially the red velvet). You won’t be sorry with this one. If you’re on the hunt for a clean-scented perfume that’s a ‘safe scent everyone will love,’ add the ABBOTT Big Sky Eau de Parfum to your shopping cart. It’s one of our favorite fragrances to date that’s inspired by the mountains, glaciers and ranch-lands of Montana. Add a sentimental gift to your Valentine’s Day shopping list with the I Wrote a Book About You, a fill-in-the-blank rendition to illustrate how much you love your partner, mom, bestie or whomever you decide to gift it to. Plus, it’s a heartfelt gift that will be treasured forever. Out of all the fine jewelry we’ve cataloged through this year, Aurate New York’s Connection Necklace takes the cake as one of our tippity top favorites. Not only is it meaningful and exceptionally made but it’s perfect for the gold jewelry wearer, especially. The amount of times we’ve raved about the Brooklinen Waffle Robe is too many to count, but we’ll say it again: add this to your shopping cart. It comes in a few signature colors, but we’re all about the classic white for pampering yourself post-shower or sporting around the house on a self-care Sunday. For more options, check out our guide to the best robes. One of our favorite brands is Anecdote Candles, much ado to its personalized and catered-to-you touch when it comes to picking out your next fragrance. This one, the Homebody Jar Candle, is perfect for cozy days at home (and especially fitting for your cozy Valentine’s Day celebration). With more than 30,000 rave reviews on Amazon, the Parlovable Cross-Band Slippers are that less-than-$25 option that’s perfect for anyone on your list. They come in a buffet of colors and will be your everyday pair of slippers that make the most practical gift. Of course, this edit would be incomplete without your traditional bouquet of roses. Out of all the options you can order from online, we believe the 1-800-Flowers Blooming Love Bouquet is your best value (and equally as breath-taking at the same time). Plus, it’ll send in this stunning red vase that screams Valentine’s Day. If you’re looking to treat your wife or girlfriend to a premium cookware brand, look no further than 360 Cookware. Specifically, its 1 Qt. Saucepan comes with a cover for simplified cooking, and it’s one of the most well-made (and USA-made) brands we’ve tried. Dubbed an Amazon best-seller, the COSORI 5 Qt. 9-in-1 Air Fryer is one of the best models you can snag (and a kitchen appliance anyone will love). Not only does it come with a recipe book to try your hand at some delicious meals but its digital LED screen is a nice touch, too. Enter the commuter bag we turn to nearly every time we’re off to work: Modern Picnic’s The Backpack. If the woman you know is looking for a chic yet practical carry-all for her laptop and other essentials, she’ll jump for joy upon unwrapping this number. Even if the man in your life isn’t a “Star Wars” fan, this Yoda One For Me Valentine’s Day Graphic T-Shirt is beyond adorable. For less than $25, show Amazon how much you love them for Valentine’s Day, too, by supporting its Merch Store. Valentine’s Day coupons simply never get old, and this Coupon Book for Boyfriend is just $7 on Amazon. Customize it however you wish, and it’s perfect if his love language is Acts of Service. If your husband, brother or other loved one is in serious need of a new laptop, pick up the Lenovo Ideapad 3i HD Touch Laptop is one of your best bets, especially if you fancy the PC interface. For $200 off, snag it at a discount. Splurge on your man this Valentine’s Day with the Norwegian Wool City Active Down Parka. It’s more than $400 off right now and will last for decades (trust us on this one). We appreciate its handsome, versatile fit, too. When we tell you these joggers are the most comfortable we’ve ever felt, we mean it wholeheartedly. Treat your S.O. to the Cozy Earth Ultra-Soft Bamboo Jogger Pant. Right now, they’re less than $100 and will have your loved one thank you ten times over. Switch up the classic brown and black band with this stunning watch from Dan Henry Vintage Watches. Its 1975 Skin Diver Watch is one of our favorites, looks sharp with a pair of white sneakers and is customizable depending on how thick you’d prefer the band. Breathable, comfortable and stylish is the name of the game for Abercrombie’s Stitch Button-Through Sweater Polo. It’s perfect for transitional seasons, for the summertime months and to be layered with for winter. Plus, it’s less than $75 for you to steal. For more options, check out our guide to the best men’s polos. We gifted our boyfriends a pair of the Nike Air Presto Sneakers and, let us tell you, they look oh-so-sharp. For a thoughtful splurge to kick off the season in style — literally — this pair is hard to be beaten. For a practical buy anyone on your Valentine’s Day gifting list will adore, the Corkcicle Classic Canteen receives our stamp of approval. Notably, it comes in a classic catalog of colors, will keep your drink either cold or hot for hours on end and is the perfect on-the-go essential. For more options, check out our guide to the best reusable water bottles. If you tell your man that you gifted him something from an adidas and LEGO collab, you’ll feel ten times cooler. More importantly, these Tiro Pants will look oh-so-fresh with his best sneakers, and voilà — you just won Valentine’s Day. Spruce up this year’s date night plans with the Date Night Ideas Box — a $20 purchase featuring 35 scratch-off dates that’ll keep your time together spontaneous and exciting. Not to mention, it’s simply ideal for Valentine’s Day. Grab him a versatile tee he’ll wear over and over again from Anthony Thomas Melillo, one of our favorite luxury brands. The color selection is virtually endless and we love its breathable material and easy-to-layer nature. If the man in your life loves to cook, gift him the Blendtec Classic 570 Blender. It boasts pre-programmed cycles to concoct the most scrumptious soups, smoothies and shakes (oh, and is 100% worth the counter space). For more options, check out our guide to the best blenders. If you and your S.O. have different sleeping habits (perhaps they prefer all the blankets, while you’d rather go without them), then this Couple’s Split Blanket & Sheet Set is perfect for him. It’s still one blanket, but split to honor both of your preferences. Seriously, it’s genius. For the guy who loves to grill, treat him to the Blackstone Original 1-Burner Tabletop Outdoor Griddle. If you don’t want to splurge on a traditional BBQ, this space-saving option is just as good and great for entertaining. Add some sentimentality to your Valentine’s Day gift this year with the Artifact Uprising Everyday Photo Book. It’s the picture-perfect (pun totally intended) memory keeper for you to share some of your most precious photos bound inside — a keepsake you’ll both treasure forever. Take the man in your life around the world with Atlas Coffee Club’s Subscription at just $14 a month. Every 30 days, you’ll be shipped a new global roast from countries like Tanzania, Kenya, Columbia and beyond. For the coffee lover you know, it’s a no-brainer. If your husband, dad or boyfriend is a fitness buff, treat him to the Yes4All Adjustable Cast Iron Dumbbell Set. Fairly priced at $75, it’ll soon become a home gym staple that’s sure to enhance anyone’s fitness routine — beginner or advanced. For more options, check out our guide to the best dumbbell sets. Speaking of fitness, the Amazfit Bip 3 Pro Smart Watch is one of the best wrist accessories to gift anyone on your list. For one, it looks sleek and is practical at the same time. It also will help track your heart rate, calories burned and more. If you want to treat the guy in your life to cologne but don’t know where to start, this $20 discovery set from Jo Malone London is the perfect buy. Allow him to try five best-selling scents to then understand what he wants to single-out as his singature. How adorable is the LEGO Valentine Lovebirds Building Set? Just shy of $30, it’s the perfect LEGO set to play with on a rainy day with your kid (or, if your’e like us, for your partner). Everyone loves snacks, right? The CraveBox Valentine’s Day Snack Variety Care Package features a 45-pack boatload of candy that’ll ship right to you door. Every kid’s dream, unlocked. We’re true fans of Allbirds shoes, but Smallbirds? That’s an entirely new level of obsession. Treat the kiddo you know to the brand’s kids’ line of Wool Runners. For $70, they’ll be comfortable and stylish. If you’re shopping for an older kid this Valentine’s Day, gift them the oh-so-iconic Fujifilm Instax Mini 11 Camera. Not only do we love ours for capturing memories on the go but this bundle conveniently comes with 60 sheets of miniature film to get the ball rolling. For more options, check out our guide to the best instant cameras. Build-A-Bear: where best friends are made. This Valentine’s Day-featured item, the Wild Hearts Monkey, is just shy of $25 and perfect for the little boy or girl you’re shopping for. Plus, it’s just too cuddly and cute! For a sweet treat, Dylan’s Candy Bar is offering a Valentine’s Day Variety Tackle Box for just #30. It’s a unique way to display all the sour-y and sweet delectables you crave and makes a wonderful presentation for anyone on your list — child or otherwise. For more options, check out our guide to the best places to buy candy online. We have our eyes on the Djeco Animambo 18-Key Electronic Piano. Neiman Marcus, without a doubt, is one of our favorite destinations for elevated toys, and this hand-crafted musical instrument is no exception. One of the items we’re personally glossing over this Valentine’s Day is the Gerber 2-Piece Infant & Toddler Heartfelt Snug-Fit Pajamas. Not only is it perfect to be worn as a cozy option following Feb. 14, but its size range is vast, from baby to toddler. Squishmallows are certainly taking over the internet by storm, and so is the case with the brand’s 8″ Cinnamon Roll Valentine’s Day Plush. For $20, it’s the perfect cozy day essential for the kid (or partner) in your life. Jeans for just $15? Yes, please! The little boy on your list will adore the Therabouts Adjustable Waist Stretch Straight Leg Jean, an option that’s 50% off at JCPenney right now. Whether for school or for a family dinner, the pair is worth your coin. Treat the baby you’re shopping for to the ultimate gift: the BABYBJÖRN Bouncer Bliss. It’s one of the most well-made baby essentials we’ve seen and comes in an extensive shade range to suit anyone’s style and aesthetic. We can’t pass up this $11 bib on Amazon, and you shouldn’t either. In this perfect-for-Valentine’s Day heart and XOXO print, Bumkins has an oh-so-festive buy that any baby will go goo-goo-ga-ga over. For a toy that helps encourage crawling, the Fisher-Price Poppity Pop Turtle is (1) just the cutest and (2) the perfect Valentine’s Day present for less than $10. We love the popping design, too, which will automatically excite your little one. KiwiCo is one of our favorite brands, namely because they have play sets that are catered to different childhood age groups. One of our favorites is, hands down, the Baking & Fractions Play Set, thanks to its bakery-inspired, mathematically minded approach to learning. Elle Woods called, and she wants her childhood tablet back. The LeapFrog 2-in-1 LeapTop Touch is everything we could ask for in a Valentine’s Day gift, thanks to its alphabet-learning, vibrantly colored nature. Plus, it’s less than $20 right now, making the perfect affordable gift for your little one. Our nieces have the PatPat Toddler Sweet Heart Knit Sweater and we can attest it’s the cutest thing ever. For just $10, you can’t go wrong. Festively dubbed the “Heartbreaker” Graphic T-Shirt, J.Crew knows the trends with this on-sale unisex style. Paired with jeans and the perfect chambray top for layering, it’ll be the talk of the town (or, the preschool classroom, rather). Tubby Todd is a wonderful brand that makes bath-time oh-so-fun. Now, you can purchase its The Basics Gift Set for less than $110 to have the complete collection of consciously curated baby and toddler hygiene products for the little one you know. For the kid who’s also a sports lover, add the VTech Smart Shots Sports Center to your cart stat. It’s less than $50 right now and will make playtime even more fun — for adults and kids alike. Lover of Monopoly? The classic game just got a notch more difficult with its Longest Game Ever Edition. We wrote a full feature on this jaw-dropping spin-off to America’s favorite board game, and it’s perfectly fitting for a rainy day. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.