As we’re constantly testing new products and formulations that are on #beautytok (we’re not the only ones), it’s important to not over-consume. Certainly, we try to be mindful of sustainability all year round, but it’s ever-so important at the beginning of a new year. Aside from turning to some clean beauty brands (in short, reading the ingredient list before putting a product on our skin), there’s a new wave to hop on: refillable beauty products. (Related: 2023 beauty trends, according to experts) According to a 2022 study, not only ingredients — but packaging, too — has been an emphasis for several beauty brands, especially following the height of the COVID-19 pandemic. Much like sustainable brands offering clothing rental services, your favorite creamy moisturizers and feel-good shampoos come in alternate packaging so you can simply refill and reuse. Ahead, we pulled the top beauty products that have sustainability in mind — from Glow Recipe to OUAI. With this list, you’ll be treating your skin and treating the planet. If you’re on the hunt for a moisturizer infused with hyaluronic acid, the Glow Recipe Plum Plump Hyaluronic Acid Moisturizer fits the bill. In a refillable pod, it also helps soothe dry skin and helps target dullness and uneven texture. As one of the best shampoos we reviewed, the OUAI Fine Hair Conditioner Refill Pouch is a blessing from above. Namely, it’s a lightweight, color-safe hair product that helps make your hair softer and more voluminous. Yes, Queen Charlotte herself has one of her best-selling products, the Airbrush Matte Bronzer, available in a refillable option. With finely milled pigments, it helps perfect the skin and body into a natural glow. For more, check our our full brand review of Charlotte Tilbury. RiRi has a less-than-$15 refillable lipstick case that’s yours for the taking. Simply take your favorite Fenty Icon Lipstick shade and pop it into this packaging for a sustainable and protective solution to your favorite lippie. For more, check our our expert-backed guide to the best red lipsticks. Yes, even natural deodorant is refillable! Add the Sol de Janeiro Rio Deo Aluminum-Free Refillable Deodorant to your shopping cart. For just $15, you’ll smell like a fresh and tropical beach cabana all day long. You’ll have a trusty moisturizer on deck for months on end with the Kiehl’s Since 1851 Ultra Facial Moisturizing Cream. It’s packed with squalane, which, according to a dermatological study, helps soothe the skin. It’s also formulated without parabens. If anti-aging is on your mind, the Caudalie Cru Anti-Aging Cream Moisturizer with Hyaluronic Acid is one of your best bets. Specifically, this refillable option is vegan, good for targeting your skin’s loss of firmness and is a Sephora-certified clean product. With Anastasia Beverly Hill’s rocking eyeshadow palettes, it’s no surprise the brand ventured out to create an Empty 4 Well Refillable Eye Palette. Simply purchase some of the brand’s Eyeshadow Singles ($12) and you have yourself a custom quad. With the Rolodex of hues the Dior Rouge Dior Lipstick has on deck, we’re colored impressed that the designer brand does it all with refillable packaging (that’s luxury-looking, if we do say so ourselves). For less than $50, this beauty snag is a treat to beat. Yes, Selena Gomez wants you to be blurred and powdered to perfection with her Blot & Glow Powder Puff Refill, a sustainable option that’ll help you blend and highlight to perfection. For just $15, you can’t pass this baby up. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.