“The Impractical Jokers” just celebrated ten years on the air this past June. Prior to that, “Joker” troupe member Sal quipped “I hadn’t done anything for more than just a few months” when the trio appeared on “Late Night With Seth Meyers.” Now, to keep the momentum going, Sal “Sal” Vulcano, Brian “Q” Quinn and James “Murr” Murray are hitting the road for 35 huge shows on their “Drive Drive Drive Drive Tour” where the fellas will bring their outrageous never-before-seen videos and storytelling stand-up  to the stage. Will they be coming to a city near you? Well, if you’re in New York or New Jersey, the answer is a resounding yes. Staten Island’s native sons will drop into Camden, NJ’s Freedom Mortgage Pavilion on Feb. 3, Waterloo, NY’s The Vine at Del Lago Resort and Casino on Feb. 18 (they’ll play two shows in Waterloo that day — at 5 p.m. and 8 p.m.), Newark, NJ’s Prudential Center on March 10 and Elmont, NY’s UBS Arena on March 12. And unlike the Jokers, we’re not pranking you when we tell you that tickets to see the three live are fairly inexpensive. In fact, we found some seats going for as low as $28 before fees on Vivid Seats at the time of publication. Not a bad price to catch the guys that brought the world the infamous, unhinged White Castle video that you have to see to believe. All prices are subject to fluctuation. Want to know more? We know you do. Keep scrolling and we’ll tell you all about the “Drive Drive Drive Drive Tour.”  Sal, Murr and Q will turn the engine on their “Drive Drive Drive Drive Tour” at Reading’s Santander Performing Arts Center on Jan. 28 with two shows at 5 p.m. and 8 p.m. From there, the fellas will bring their unique brand of fun to huge cities like Boston on Feb. 4 (5 p.m. and 8 p.m. shows), Washington, D.C. on Feb. 19, Seattle on April 7, Denver on May 6 and Detroit on June 4. On July 29, the “Drive Drive Drive Drive Tour” will sputter to a stop at St. Louis’ Stifel Theatre. A complete calendar of all 35 Impractical Jokers’ tour dates, venues, show start times and links to buy tickets can be found here.  Starting Feb. 9, “Impractical Jokers” returns to TV for the show’s tenth season. All episodes will be simulcast on TruTV and TBS. Just a few of the guest stars lined up this season include Post Malone, John Mayer, Bret Michaels, Paul Rudd, Kesha and Anthony Davis according to Vital Thrills. Want to catch old episodes? You can watch previously aired seasons on TruTV.com and HBOMax. For those jonesing to see the “Impractical Jokers Movie,” it’s the same story. All you have to do is pull up TruTV.com, HBOMax, type in “Impract” and let autofill do the rest. You’ll be watching the guys mess with Paula Abdul in no time.  As you may have noticed, there are only three members of the “Impractical Jokers” these days. That’s because founding “Joker” Joe Gatto left the group in early 2022 for “personal reasons” following his divorce from wife of eight years, Bessy Gatto. “Bessy and I have decided to amicably part ways, so now I need to focus on being the best father and co-parent to our two incredible kids,” he said in a statement. Shortly after the two separated, they were seen at an Imagine Dragons concert with their children. Need more juicy deets? You can read all about the comedian’s drama here.  Comedy nerds, gather round. This is your time to shine. Many of the biggest acts around are taking their material to venues all over North America all year long. And most importantly, they need people to laugh at their jokes — that’s where you come in. To make your life easy, here are just five comedy tours you won’t want to miss in the next few months when they roll into your town. • Jerry Seinfeld • Sebastian Maniscalco • Steve Martin and Martin Short • Kevin Hart • Sarah Silverman There’s still so much more though. Check out our list of the 51 biggest comics on tour in 2023 for a bigger picture of all that’s out there this year.