Mario: to know him is to love him. For someone who doesn’t talk much (besides regularly introducing himself), Mario has long since double-jumped his way into all of our hearts, and is even set to star in his own film “The Super Mario Bros. Movie,” (coming to theaters on April 7)! Alongside his brother, fellow plumber Luigi, Mario has appeared in over 200 video games since his first appearance as the protagonist of the 1981 “Donkey Kong” arcade game. Now, unless you prefer vintage video games, Mario lives exclusively on the Switch, Nintendo’s newest console. As such, all 10 of our favorite Mario video games listed below are Nintendo Switch exclusive, though luckily, at a few years after initial release a brand-new Nintendo Switch runs for just $299 on Amazon. Below, you’ll find 10 Mario and friends options for the Switch, including action-adventure games, racing games, party games, and more. Ready to give these deals a look? As Mario might say: Let’s-a-go! Hailed as one of the best games of the year when it was released, “Super Mario Odyssey,” featuring dinosaurs, New Donk City, and a two-player option that includes Mario’s anthropomorphized hat, is one of the zaniest, most colorful Mario adventures yet. If you haven’t had a chance to pick it up yet, this game is a must-play, and only $50 from Amazon. Do you ever wish to return to Mario’s 2D days of yore, but can’t stand the old graphics? Then “New Super Mario Bros. U Deluxe” is the game for you. Featuring Mario, Luigi, Peach, and all your favorites, “New Super Mario Bros. U Deluxe” is the newest spin on vintage Mario. Plus, younger players will appreciate the extra assistance playing as Toadette provides. Save $11 when you buy “Mario Party Superstars” on Amazon, and gift yourself hours of fun with five classic “Mario Party” boards, sourced from the Nintendo 64’s version of “Mario Party.” Are you a mini-game fiend? Enjoy 100s of fan-favorites pulled from the entire Mario Party series. If you’re a “Mario Party” completionist, this game is for you. Mario Kart has always kept it simple: what if Mario and all of his friends (and enemies) were in little cars and you could race each other. Throw in some red, blue, and green shells, a few banana peels, and you’ve got an all-time bestselling game. “Mario Kart 8 Deluxe” features the best graphics, and most up-to-date courses of the series. Another one of Nintendo’s routinely updated biggest hits, “Super Smash Bros. Ultimate” pits Mario and friends against characters from Nintendo’s other series’, like Kirby and Link, as well as a host of characters from franchises outside the Nintendo banner. Ever wanted to see Yoshi punch a guy from Minecraft? This game is for you. We’ll start with the bad news: Baby Bowser has stolen the Sundream Stone, capable of making wishes come true, from Yoshi Island. Or at least, they tried, and gems from the Sundream Stone were scattered all over this cute, colorful arts-and-craft themed world. Buy it today for just $50 from Target. What happens when notorious scaredy-cat Luigi winds up at the spooky, towering Last Resort hotel, and becomes separated from Mario? “Luigi’s Mansion 3” is what happens. Conquer your fears and suck up ghosts alongside your gooey green doppelgänger Gooigi, and see if you can escape the hotel, all for just $50 from Walmart. In “Mario + Rabbids: Sparks of Hope,” you’re tasked with assembling a team and flitting through the galaxy to rescue your tiny friends, the Sparks (stars with little faces on them). Battle alongside the Rabbids (strange-looking rabbits capable of becoming Mario, Peach, and Luigi) to save your friends in this strategy game, now just $40 from Amazon. Invite your friends over this weekend for a “Super Mario Party” Party, and race through four original boards, or dabble in 100’s of mini-games. And if your buddies can’t make it, you can always play “Super Mario Party” online, too. “Super Mario 3D All-Stars” includes three previously-released Mario 3D adventure games, ‘Super Mario 64,” “Super Mario Sunshine,” and “Super Mario Galaxy.” Though these games were originally released on Nintendo 64, Gamecube, and the Wii, respectively, they’ve been lovingly restored to play on the Switch. Turn the dial back and play as the Mario of your childhood for just $79 from Amazon. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.