She made hair extensions “popular.” Kristin Chenoweth claimed Monday that the hair extensions she wore in 2012 while filming the CBS drama “The Good Wife” saved her life during an on-set accident in Brooklyn. According to the “Wicked” star, she was at a 7-Eleven because she was craving a Slurpee when the incident involving lighting equipment occurred. “I heard, like, a flagpole sound. I heard, ‘We’re losing the light,’ and I heard, ‘Action’ — and I woke up at Bellevue [hospital],” the 54-year-old actress told Andy Cohen on “Watch What Happens Live!” “It hit me in the face and then threw me into a curb, [causing] a 7-inch skull fracture, a hairline crack and fracture [in my nose] and cracked teeth and ribs,” she recalled of the mishap. According to Chenoweth’s doctors, the “GCB” star would not be alive today if she had taken extensions out of her long, blond locks. “My hair extensions saved my life,” said Chenoweth. “They made the hairline fracture go together.” “My doctor said, ‘What are these metal things’ and I said, ‘They’re hair extensions’ and he said, ‘They saved your life,’ ” said “The Holidate” star. “So anybody who wants to get hair extensions should, for your health.” Cohen — who had the “Pushing Daises” star on to promote her new book, “I’m No Philosopher, But I Got Thoughts: Mini-Meditations for Saints, Sinners, and the Rest of Us” —  asked whether the singer thought about pressing charges. “I didn’t do it, out of fear and anxiety. So don’t ever let fear rule your life,” replied the singer, who left the show due to after-effects from the incident. “I have long-standing injuries from that accident, so I wish I had listened to my dad, who said, ‘You’re gonna want to do this.’ And we’re not the suing family, but when you’re practically killed, you know … “ In an essay published in 2022, Chenoweth said that she kept mum about the incident over the years because she didn’t want to be seen as “weak and broken,” pointing out that it could be especially difficult for a woman working in Hollywood. “In the entertainment industry, as is the case with so many other lines of work, when someone considers hiring you for a part, they want to know that you’re ready to run,” Chenoweth wrote in the essay. “I was advised by a couple of folks on my team and outside of my team too that it would be unwise to attempt to hold CBS accountable for what was clearly their responsibility .… I was told that I’d never work again if I sued a major network,” she continued. “And that scared me. I let fear take over and did what so many people do — especially women — in the face of going up against someone or something more powerful than they are. I shrunk.” She added that she endured “head-to-toe pain on a daily basis” and “hundreds of doctor appointments” in the aftermath. In 2013, Chenoweth told The Post about her “cracked” nose and teeth, adding that she “slammed” her head into the pavement when the accident happened and suffered from lingering swelling and bruising, among other issues. “The important part is, my head is back to normal. I had some memory issues at first and that was very frightening,” she said at the time. “I’m glad to report that I’m back in the game.”