An elite alpine getaway is looking for a deep-pocketed, snow-loving buyer — one who could break a big record in the process, no less. One of only five homes on top of Colorado’s Aspen Mountain is on the market for a sky-high price which, if the seller can score anywhere close to it, will be “the most expensive home ever sold in the coveted locality,” according to TopTenRealEstateDeals.com. Indeed, for a cool $100 million, ultra-high-net-worth house hunters have this glam pad as an option to consider — should they be spending the winter months looking for a luxe home on prime slopes for next season’s ski days. (The current local record is held by a mansion which sold for $72.5 million, the outlet reported.) Constructed in 1979, the 14,000-square-foot estate has long been owned by Detroit manufacturing entrepreneur Joel Tauber, who purchased the property for slightly more than $9 million in 1996, the Wall Street Journal reported last summer, when the 10-bedroom listed for sale. The grandest of Aspen Mountain’s handful of residences, the home also features more than “a football field of true ski-in, ski-out ski access,” according to the listing, which is repped by Compass’ Steven Shane. The three-story abode also has three fireplaces, a gym, a formal dining room, a game room, a bar, an office and a ski room with gear aplenty. It’s available fully furnished, including contemporary artworks and a large outdoor statue. To enter the villa, guests take an elevator to a second-story bridge, which leads to the front door and a grand, two-story, chandelier-equipped foyer. Set on 1.4 acres roughly 100 yards from the Little Nell ski run’s gondola, the mansion got a renovation in 2015, and now boasts approximately 5,000 square feet of deck and patio space and two kitchens. There’s a stonework exterior and multiple skylights — including a stained-glass number — hardwood floors and oversize windows throughout. As for the area, it was formerly a mining town — but is today best known as a ski retreat for A-listers: The late journalist Hunter S. Thompson was long a resident and John Denver was inspired by the area to write the songs “Aspenglow” and “Starwood in Aspen.”