From the left: Russiagate Truth & Reconciliation? America is “paralyzed by distrust of media that runs so deep that it prevents real dialogue, and that situation can’t be resolved until the corporate press swallows its pride and admits the clock has finally run out on its seven years of loony Russia conspiracies,” argues TKNews’ Matt Taibbi. The latest Twitter Files report shows how pols and media outlets persisted in yet another baseless conspiracy theory, as “Russian bots and trolls were blamed by virtually every major news organization in the country for amplifying the hashtag #ReleaseTheMemo” over Rep. Devin Nunes’ correct claims that the FBI relied entirely on the bogus Steele dossier to justify surveilling Carter Page. “Cop to the coverage pileup created by years of errors, and start the reconciliation process.” Indeed, “the catastrophe has to be met head-on, and admitted at scale,” for The Washington Post, New York Times and so many others “to be redeemed.” From the right: Joe’s Half-Hearted Ukraine Help “The possibility of sending a particular U.S. weapons system to Ukraine is usually considered unwise, unhelpful, and even escalatory and dangerous . . . right up until the moment the Biden administration changes its mind,” grumbles National Review’s Jim Geraghty. The pattern began when Team Biden reversed its decision to send “MiG-29s that our NATO partners had” to Ukraine, later sending spare parts. Once “opposed to sending a Patriot missile battery to Ukraine,” it relented once “Russian missile attacks on cities intensified.” Now it’s sending Bradley fighting vehicles after 11 months of war; “apparently” this would’ve “been escalatory” — “right up until the minute it wasn’t.” Team Biden should ask itself: “Is there any way that Ukraine wins the war without ever doing something that Vladimir Putin would see as ‘escalatory’?” Eye on NY: Hochul’s Climate Jobs-Killer In her State of the State speech, Gov. Hochul “adopted the Climate Action Council’s (CAC) Climate Act Scoping Plan lock, stock and barrel,” laments the Empire Center’s James E. Hanley, including the “scheme called cap-and-invest.” That would “cap the total amount of greenhouse gas emissions that could be produced in the state and auction off allowances.” But “as allowances become scarcer, businesses are incentivized to find ways to reduce their emissions, which they will do in the most cost-effective way” — and the cheapest one “may be to move out of state.” “Cap-and-invest is certain to reduce greenhouse gas emissions, but it may also cause businesses to divest from the Empire State.” Gender watch: Brave, Brilliant Detransitioner Chloe Cole’s transition involved “puberty blockers and testosterone at 13,” then “a double mastectomy at 15,” notes Mark Judge at The Stream. But she’s now detransitioned and “become a popular face of those who are raising serious questions about transgender ideology.” She says “conservatives can be better” about “empathizing”; Judge emphasizes that “most people with gender dysphoria” are “suffering human beings.” But if we don’t “immediately stop operating on kids and teens who are confused about their gender,” more will end up like Cole, who forever lost the ability to be a mother “at an age when she should have been playing softball and going to pop concerts with her parents.” Libertarian: LA Schools’ Pass-Pass Fails Kids “Students attending LAUSD schools are attaining A’s, B’s, and C’s despite failing to meet grade-level benchmarks,” flags Reason’s Emma Camp, though rules allow “a C grade only when the student ‘understands state standards.’ ” The Los Angeles Times reports 73% of district 11th graders earned C or better, though just 19% “met grade-level testing benchmarks.” Officials justified a COVID-era change by “claiming that many students lacked the resources to succeed at online learning” yet the policy remains. Parents of disadvantaged kids say “grade inflation has hurt their children, holding them back by failing to identify academic struggles.” By letting “ ‘equity’ drive educational policy” in a bid “to pass more disadvantaged students, Los Angeles public schools may in fact be failing them.” — Compiled by The Post Editorial Board