A dog owner was “curious” about what she was feeding her dog — so she decided to try the pup’s treats for herself. Diaine feeds her chihuahua, named Lady, a variety of treats, but she wanted to see if she would like them as much as her fur baby does. The 22-year-old from Edinburgh posted a TikTok video, which now has 93,000 views, showing herself taste-testing four different treats. She started with the spring and coconut-flavored treat, which she was pleasantly surprised by. “This is actually really good,” she admitted and rated the treat a 9 out of 10. The next snack she tried was the low-fat one — “for when Lady is feeling skinny.” Diaine didn’t like this one nearly as much and almost instantly spit it out, rating it 3 out of 10 while she made a gagging noise. “I love salmon so this one has to be good,” she said as she moved on to the salmon-flavored snack. She chewed it for a little then spit it out, remarking that she wouldn’t eat it but it does actually taste like a biscuit, which prompted her to rank it a 7 out of 10. Chewy duck fillets were the next to be taste tested, which Diaine said she was “scared” for because they were “slimy.” Diaine had trouble even biting it and ultimately decided she didn’t want it. She ranked it a 4 out of 10. “A lot of people said it was a weird thing but you’re on this planet one time. Do you not get curious to try new things?,” she told the Scottish Sun. “Even staring at my dog eating treats, I just get curious.” The people in the comments were taken aback by what they just witnessed. “I have no words,” one person said. “Are you okay,” another wrote. “Very odd,” a user commented. “Are u feeling alright at all? This isn’t normal,” a concerned person asked. “When u said taste testing I thought the dog was going to taste it,” someone said, adding the crying emoji. Others encouraged Diaine’s taste testing — and even told her what to try next. “Omg try the wagg peanut and banana cookies bet they are nice, they smell good!” someone commented. “You need to try chocolate for dogs,” another suggested.