Rep. James Comer says the next phase of his House Oversight Committee’s investigation into the Biden family will take in President Biden’s classified documents and the business relationships of first son Hunter Biden — including the paintings he sold for exorbitant amounts at a Big Apple gallery. “We’re trying to trace the money. We’ll be looking at bank statements. We’ll be looking at bank violations,” the Kentucky Republican told the Washington Examiner. “That’s the next phase of our investigation because we’re trying to figure out who these anonymous sources are that are sending so much money to the Biden family schemes — the [Penn] Biden Center for Diplomacy and Hunter Biden’s artwork,” Comer added. Classified documents were found at the Penn Biden Center in Washington Nov. 2, just six days before the midterm elections, but the discovery wasn’t revealed until CBS News reported on the materials earlier this month. Sensitive materials also turned up at Biden’s Delaware home, most recently when the FBI searched the property Jan. 19. Comer told the Examiner his panel will look into donations made to the University of Pennsylvania, which houses the Biden think tank, as well as the anonymous donors who ponied up as much as $500,000 for one of the first son’s paintings. Comer called on the Oversight Committee to launch an investigation into Hunter Biden’s artwork in September 2021 and sought information from Georges Berges, the owner of the Soho gallery, about the sales. In November, after Republicans won control of the House in the midterm elections, Comer renewed his demand to Berges for the information, saying it is important for the committee to know “whether the purchasers intended to benefit from President Biden’s elected office.” “The exorbitant profitability of Hunter Biden’s artwork and the layers of obscurity surrounding the buyers’ identities raise serious ethical concerns. The prices of Hunter Biden’s art sells for anywhere between $75,000 — more than the median household income for the American family — to $500,000 which raises questions about why a party would pay such exorbitant prices for work by an amateur artist,” Comer wrote in the November letter. Comer is also seeking information from the Treasury Department about suspicious activity reports (SARs) related to Hunter Biden’s business dealings in Ukraine and China. The Post exposed Hunter Biden’s overseas relationships in a series of reports in October 2020. SARs are generated by banks that flag suspiciously large transactions and are meant to guard against money laundering. “The Committee is investigating President Biden’s knowledge of and role in these schemes to assess whether he has compromised our national security at the expense of the American people,” Comer said in a letter to Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen earlier this month. In an interview on Fox News’ “Sunday Morning Futures,” Comer said the classified documents scandal involving the president fits a “pattern of an influence operation.” “I mean, this isn’t the most complex investigation on the planet. Investigating Hunter — the Biden family is about like tracking a bleeding bear through a snowstorm. I mean, there’s evidence everywhere,” Comer told host Maria Bartiromo. “I think most Americans would be shocked if they saw how many connections the Biden family has to people directly affiliated with the Chinese Communist Party.”