One man was shot dead in his Brooklyn apartment and another was fatally wounded during a double stabbing in the Bronx, police said. Four others were hurt in a spate of mayhem across the city overnight, cops said Saturday. In the Bronx, police found Tyrone Quick, 45, fatally stabbed in the chest inside 1212 University Ave., while a woman, 39, had been slashed in the arm. Quick was later pronounced dead at Lincoln Hospital, where the woman was listed in stable condition. A third-floor resident, Jose Ortiz, 66, was quickly taken into custody and charged with murder, attempted murder, manslaughter, attempted manslaughter, assault and criminal possession of a weapon, cops said. Quick lived nearby, authorities said. The stabbing was “still under investigation,” police said. In the latest bloodshed, a 35-year-old man was stabbed twice in the back on Broadway and West 43rd Street at 2:15 a.m. Saturday. The victim was ambushed by three suspects, one sporting dreadlocks, one wearing a beige hat and another clad in a white jacket, the NYPD said. He was taken to Bellevue Hospital with non-life-threatening injuries, police said. There are no arrests. An hour earlier in the Concourse section of the Bronx, a 19-year-old man accidentally shot himself in the left foot on Findlay Avenue, near East 169th Street, police said. The teen was taken to Lincoln Hospital in stable condition, cops said. Shortly before 11 p.m. Friday, a 24-year-old man was shot once in the stomach outside the city Housing Authority’s Glenwood Houses on East 56th and Glenwood Road in Flatlands, Brooklyn, police said. The dark-clothing clad assailant remains at large, cops said. On Friday afternoon a 41-year-old man was found shot dead in his East Flatbush apartment, authorities said. Cops responding to a “possible shots-fired” call at around 2:20 p.m., found Jermaine Desaussure shot in the chest inside a third-floor apartment at 94 Rockaway Parkway, near Rutland Road, police said. Desaussure was pronounced dead at the scene, authorities said. There are no arrests.