WASHINGTON – President Biden is trying to distance himself from the scandal brewing over classified documents found at his Wilmington, Del. home — so he’s going to his Rehoboth Beach house instead. The 80-year-old president will spend yet another weekend in his home state, but this time he’s opting for the wealthy beach community located about 90 miles away from his main house in Delaware’s largest city. Since taking office in January 2021, Biden has made 52 trips to Wilmington, spending all or part of 164 days at his residence there, according to a tally by The Post. By contrast, Biden has largely confined his Rehoboth Beach visits to the summer months — this weekend’s trip will be his first since late October, and that visit was his first since late August. The president won’t get to experience beach weather this weekend, either: the forecast calls for chilly and wet conditions with temperatures in the mid-40s. However, Biden will get to watch the world go by from behind a newly built $500,000 security wall, according to the local Cape Gazette newspaper. When asked by reporters whether Biden’s midwinter trip to the seaside had anything to do with the ongoing scandal, White House Press Secretary Karine Jean-Pierre refused to answer. “As it relates specifically to the investigation, I would refer you to the Department of Justice, so I’m not going to not going to comment on that piece at all from here,” she stammered. “As it relates to his travel, as you know, he often travels to Delaware on the weekend. I don’t have anything else to share.” Biden did go to the Wilmington home Jan. 13, a day after Attorney General Merrick Garland appointed special counsel Robert Hur to investigate the handling of classified material from Biden’s vice presidency that was found in the residence’s library and garage, as well as in a closet of his former office in a Washington, DC think tank. At least six classified pages have emerged from inside Biden’s Wilmington home — with the number of sensitive documents found in the garage still unconfirmed. Ten documents with classified markings reportedly were discovered in the Penn Biden Center for Diplomacy and Global Engagement office closet, some of which were labeled “top secret” and included intelligence memos and other material concerning Iran, Ukraine and the United Kingdom.