Jack Nicholson’s friends have shared concerns about the actor’s solitary lifestyle, saying they’re worried about the end game. The three-time Academy Award winner hasn’t been seen out in public in over a year as his pals claim he’s “living like a recluse.” Multiple sources told RadarOnline that the 85-year-old actor “doesn’t leave his house anymore” and that his “mind is gone,” listing concerns of possible dementia. The father-of-five was last seen at the Staples Center for a Los Angeles Lakers game with his son Ray in October 2021. Nicholson spends most — if not all — of his time in his plush Beverly Mansion, according to the report. He purchased the lavish property from his friend, the late Marlon Brando, for $5 million back in 2005. The 3,303-square-foot pad boasts four bedrooms, three bathrooms, and a pool. “He’s made it clear his home is his castle. But people just wish he’d come out of the house and pop up to tell them how – or at least reassure folks he’s OK,” a source told the outlet. “Jack’s in touch with certain relatives – especially Ray, his protégé, who he’s so proud of – but his socializing days are long gone,” the insider added, referring to the actor’s 30-year-old son whom he shares with ex Rebecca Broussard. What’s more, sources close to the “One Flew Over the Cuckoo’s Nest” actor are worried his reclusive nature is becoming more and more like that of Brando. Despite living a colorful life as a Hollywood elite, “The Godfather” star, who died in 2004, spent his final years alone. “Brando died a virtual recluse after leading such a colorful life, and Jack’s friends are drawing the comparisons,” a source told the outlet. “His kids will visit, but they’re his only connection to the world.” “It’s like he doesn’t want to face reality anymore and that’s just sad,” they added. Nicholson’s last project was the 2011 rom-com “How Do You Know” in which he starred alongside Reese Witherspoon, Paul Rudd, and Owen Wilson. As far as his personal life goes, the actor was married to Sandra Knight for six years, tying the knot in 1962. His longest relationship was with actress Anjelica Huston. The pair dated from 1973 until their romance crumbled in 1990. Back in 2021, sources concerned about Nicholson’s well-being told RadarOnline that his son Ray and sister Lorraine have been “looking after him.” “The Mulholland Drive community is pretty close-knit, and they are all worried about him,” an insider said at the time, adding that “physically he is fine – but his mind is gone.” “It’s really sad to see such a super-talented actor, like Jack, go out this way.” It’s understood that the actor is currently single and is living alone. The Post has reached out to Nicholson’s reps for comment.