Now an icon, forever a MILF. Jennifer Coolidge hasn’t reprised her role as Stifler’s mom since 2012, but her “American Pie” castmate Tara Reid is hoping the “White Lotus” star isn’t done yet. “First of all, I’m so proud and happy for Jennifer Coolidge, who’s probably one of the coolest women and people in the world. She’s truly a comedic genius without even trying. And she’s so sweet,” Reid, who played Vicky in the film, said during an interview on the Australian TV show “Studio 10.” “She loved ‘American Pie.’ We all did,” the “Big Lebowski” actress added. Reid, 47, cheered when Coolidge, 61, scored a Golden Globe for best supporting actress and vowed to go for “six or seven, whatever they want.” “When she said that, we were all like, ‘Yay! You’re a powerful woman right now. Push it forward.’ So let’s see what we can do with that one,” Reid said. The sex-fueled blockbusters — the first of which premiered in 1999 — were Coolidge’s initial claim to fame, with her portrayal of Stifler’s mom singlehandedly propelling the idea of the “MILF” into mainstream culture. But the even that character’s legacy has since been usurped by her role in HBO’s “The White Lotus” as fan-favorite Tanya McQuoid. The effortlessly hilarious actress once revealed that she added more than a few notches in her bed frame following her “American Pie” success. She admitted in an interview with Variety last year that she’s bedded more than 200 men due to her role as the iconic MILF. “I got a lot of play at being a MILF and I got a lot of sexual action from ‘American Pie,’” she said at the time. “There were so many benefits to doing that movie. I mean, there would be like 200 people that I would never have slept with.” Despite all the attention, though, she told Page Six she still hasn’t found the one. “I mean, my dating life, I’ve never found anyone quite right for myself. I haven’t found the love of my life,” she said, implying that she doesn’t necessarily see herself in the same reverential light as do her devout followers and ogling fanboys. “I think I made some bad decisions. It makes you insecure and you don’t think you’re great,” Coolidge said. “Many people can come up to you at the airport … people come up when they have nothing else to do, they say very nice things to you, and people in Hollywood come up and say ‘You’re great,’ but the only way you know they mean it is if they give you a job.” Her most recent role, Tanya, is just as fabulous, but not as floozy. She credited director Mike White for crafting a character fit to showcase her acting talent, telling Variety that “all of a sudden,” people who hadn’t dared cast her in their projects were “asking me to be part of their things.” “It’s the ultimate gift from someone,” she told Page Six of her starring role. “They’re saying, ‘Not only do I like you, but I think you’re talented.’ That doesn’t happen very often when someone goes and roots for you.”