Time to raise a glass to the worst films of the past year. While the Academy Awards celebrates the best of Hollywood, the Golden Raspberry Awards — better known as the “Razzies” — honors the baddest of the bunch. The 2023 Razzie nominations were announced on Monday with the Marilyn Monroe biopic “Blonde,” starring Ana de Armas, in the lead after snagging eight nods, followed by Disney’s live-action “Pinocchio,” a low point for Tom Hanks, with five mentions and Marvel’s “Morbius” scoring three. Megan Fox’s main squeeze Colson Baker (a k a Machine Gun Kelly) racked up four nominations for his work in the Mod Sun stoner comedy “Good Mourning.” Meanwhile, playboy Pete Davidson is also in the running with two nods, one for his cameo in the Baker-led flick and another for his voice work in “Marmaduke.” The 43rd annual ceremony will take place on March 11 — the date in its usual slot on the day before the Oscars. The 2023 Academy Awards will be held on Sunday, March 12. At last year’s Razzies, stars who were named among the worst included Jared Leto in “House of Gucci,” LeBron James in “Space Jam: A New Legacy” and Broadway performer Jeanna de Waal in “Diana: The Musical.” The parody award show, launched on March 31, 1981, was co-founded by University of California, Los Angeles School of Theater, Film and Television graduates John J.B. Wilson, now a copywriter in the entertainment industry, and Mo Murphy, a video editor. The word “raspberry” is used as it refers to the phrase “blowing a raspberry” — implying the fart-like noise. Action star Sylvester Stallone has been awarded the most trophies, with 10 awards to date, and may earn another this year for his role in “Samaritan.” Here is the full list of 2023 Razzie Awards nominations: “Blonde” “Pinocchio” “Good Mourning” “The King’s Daughter” “Morbius” Colson Baker (a k a Machine Gun Kelly)/“Good Mourning” Pete Davidson (Voice)/“Marmaduke” Tom Hanks/“Pinocchio” Jared Leto/“Morbius” Sylvester Stallone/“Samaritan” Ryan Kiera Armstrong/“Firestarter” Bryce Dallas Howard/“Jurassic Park: Dominion” Diane Keaton/“Mack & Rita” Kaya Scodelario/“The King’s Daughter” Alicia Silverstone/“The Requin” “Blonde” BOTH “365 Days” Sequels: “365 Days: This Day” and “The Next 365 Days” (a Razzie BOGO) “Pinocchio” “Firestarter” “Jurassic World: Dominion” Adria Arjona/“Morbius” Lorraine Bracco (Voice)/“Pinocchio” Penelope Cruz/“The 355” Bingbing Fan/“The 355” and “The King’s Daughter” Mira Sorvino/“Lamborghini: The Man Behind the Legend” Pete Davidson (Cameo)/ “Good Mourning” Tom Hanks/“Elvis” Xavier Samuel/“Blonde” Mod Sun/“Good Mourning” Evan Williams/“Blonde” Colson Baker (a k a Machine Gun Kelly) and Mod Sun/“Good Mourning” Both Real-Life Characters in the Fallacious White House Bedroom Scene/“Blonde” Tom Hanks and His Latex-Laden Face (and Ludicrous Accent)/“Elvis” Andrew Dominik and His Issues With Women/“Blonde” The Two “365 Days” Sequels (Both Released in 2022) Judd Apatow/“The Bubble” Colson Baker (a k a Machine Gun Kelly) and Mod Sun/“Good Mourning” Andrew Dominik/“Blonde” Daniel Espinosa/“Morbius” Robert Zemeckis/”Pinocchio” “Blonde”/Written for the Screen by Andrew Dominik, Adapted From the “Bio-Novel” by Joyce Carol Oates “Pinocchio”/Screenplay by Robert Zemeckis and Chris Weitz “Good Mourning”/“Written” by Colson Baker (a k a Machine Gun Kelly) and Mod Sun “Jurassic World: Dominion”/Screenplay by Emily Carmichael and Colin Treverrow, Story by Treverrow and Derek Connolly “Morbius”/Screen Story and Screenplay by Matt Sazama and Burk Sharpless