Lisa Marie Presley’s cause of death remains undetermined after an initial autopsy, according to the Los Angeles County coroner. “Presley was examined on Jan. 14 and the cause of death was deferred,” Sarah Ardalani, spokesperson with the LA County Dept. of Medical Examiner-Coroner, told CNN. “Deferred means that after an autopsy, a cause of death has not been determined and the medical examiner is requesting more investigation into the death, including additional studies. Once the tests/studies come back, the doctor evaluates the case again and makes the cause of death determination,” Ardalani explained. Presley died Jan. 12 at 54 after reportedly suffering a cardiac arrest at her Calabasas, California, home. “Priscilla Presley and the Presley family are shocked and devastated by the tragic death of their beloved Lisa Marie,” read a statement to The Post from a rep for Priscilla, 77, at the time of Lisa Marie’s passing. “They are profoundly grateful for the support, love and prayers of everyone, and ask for privacy during this very difficult time.” Lisa Marie was the only child of Priscilla and Elvis Presley — and their family has a history of heart problems. The King of Rock ‘n Roll died of heart problems in 1977 at 42. Elvis’ mother, Gladys Smith Presley, died from heart failure in 1958 at 46. Elvis’ father, Vernon Presley, died from cardiac arrest at 63 in 1979. A family history of heart disease makes it more likely that you develop heart disease yourself, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Besides Priscilla, Presley is survived by her daughter, actress Riley Keough, 33, and 14-year-old twin daughters, Finley Aaron Love and Harper Vivienne Ann Lockwood, who will inherit Graceland. A public memorial for Presley will be held at Graceland — where her grave is being prepared across from Elvis’ — on Sunday, her family said. “Riley, Harper, Finley and Priscilla are grateful for the support, well-wishes, and outpouring of love honoring their beloved Lisa Marie. A public memorial service has been arranged on the front lawn of Graceland at 9:00 a.m., Sunday, Jan. 22 in Memphis,” the family said in a statement. “In lieu of flowers, the family encourages all who wish to send something to do so in the form of a donation to the Elvis Presley Charitable Foundation,” the family added.