After a month of rousing bowl games and a thrilling semifinal weekend, the college football national championship game is finally here, with Georgia chasing its second straight title against a TCU team looking for its first in over 80 years. While there’s plenty of action in the side markets, these two talent-rich rosters also make for an intriguing slate of prop bets – on both sides of the ball. Here are three of the props we’re targeting at BetMGM ahead of Monday’s title game: Duggan has made magic with his legs all season long, posting seven games with at least 40 rushing yards this season. I don’t expect that to change on Monday. TCU’s dual-threat quarterback ran the ball 15 times in each of his past two contests — picking up 57 yards on Michigan’s elite defense in the semifinals after gashing Kansas State for 110 yards in the Big 12 title game. That’s par for the course for Duggan, who’s averaging 32.9 rushing yards per game with six contests at or above the 50-yard mark. Georgia’s defense left open rushing lanes all night long for Ohio State’s C.J. Stroud, who tallied the third-highest rushing total of his career (34 yards) in last week’s semifinal. Duggan is a much more capable and willing rusher than Stroud, so if he can get out of the pocket on Monday, watch out. It’s been a frustrating season for Mitchell, who missed nearly all of it with a nagging high ankle sprain before returning for the postseason. But he’s finally ready to go and should see serious opportunity in Monday’s championship game. Georgia’s star wideout — who had 50 receiving yards and the go-ahead touchdown in last year’s title game — opened this season with a four-catch, 65-yard effort in the kickoff game against Oregon. Then he went down against Samford, aggravated the injury against Auburn, and played just 15 snaps in his return against LSU. He was finally let loose in last week’s semifinal win over Ohio State, finishing with 43 yards on a team-high seven targets. That last part is key: Mitchell was Stetson Bennett’s top preferred target all night long, and that should be the case once again with receiver Ladd McConkey (knee) and tight end Darnell Washington (ankle) both limited by injury. This is a generously low number for Mitchell’s talent and expected workload on Monday, so take advantage. Horton isn’t the biggest name on defense taking the field on Monday, but he has a chance to make a serious impact for the Horned Frogs after his monster outing in the semifinals. The fifth-year senior has been a terror for opposing quarterbacks, ranking eighth in the nation in total sacks (10.5) after tying for the team lead with four sacks in 2021. He’s had at least a half-sack in six of his last seven games and totaled a ridiculous four sacks against Michigan’s vaunted offensive line, which is arguably the best in the country. Georgia’s O-line has allowed just nine sacks all year long, but two of those came in last week’s semifinal against Ohio State. Horton has a combined six sacks in his last two games and is a steal at plus-money to log another on Monday.