In the 56-year history of the Super Bowl, the game has never closed with a consensus betting line of pick ‘em. That likely won’t be the case this year, either. After briefly opening at pick ‘em on Sunday evening, the betting line for Super Bowl 2023 has already drawn sharp action on the Eagles, who are dealing as 2-point favorites at BetMGM and most other shops as of Monday afternoon. And it doesn’t seem like that’ll change anytime soon after a betting frenzy in the hours after this line opened. For a moment, it looked like this market was going the other way in the minutes after Kansas City’s gutsy win in the AFC Championship. While most books hung pick ‘em once the matchup was set – only the fifth time the Super Bowl has opened at that price – some dealt either side at -1 or -1.5. At least one sportsbook priced the Chiefs as surprising 2.5-point favorites, while others took a sharp bet or two on Kansas City right away. Then came the flurry of sharp activity on the Eagles, who were consensus favorites within an hour and never looked back. This game briefly touched -2.5 at some shops before settling in at Philly -2 overnight at most sportsbooks – or, at places like FanDuel, Philly -1.5 with heavy juice (-118). It’s been a similar story on the moneyline, which saw both teams dealing at the same price when this game first opened. That’s obviously changed since the money came rolling in on the Eagles, who are priced around -130 at most books, with the Chiefs dealing as +110 underdogs. The total has seen much less dramatic movement in the hours since open, though wiseguys picked off the early number there, too. This matchup opened with a betting total of 48.5 at most shops, but that quickly moved up to 49.5, where it sits at most books – including BetMGM and FanDuel – as of Monday afternoon. If you like the Eagles in this matchup, you may want to grab the best price you can while it’s out there. While many sharps already unloaded on Philly at a cheaper price, lower limits in the early hours mean we could still be in for heavy volume on the favorites over the next two weeks – while those backing the Chiefs could be waiting to see if books eventually hang +3 to offset the onslaught of early money on the NFC champions.