Four videos totaling about 66 minutes show the blow-by-blow of the Jan. 7 police beating that ended with Tyre Nichols’ death in Memphis. The first video, taken from a police body camera, shows cops with guns drawn swarming Nichols’ car, which was stopped at a red light. One officer yanks open the door and yells at him to “Get the f–k out the f–king car!” “Damn, I didn’t do anything!” the 29-year-old FedEx worker is heard responding, as the cops wrestle him down, screaming, “Get on the f–king ground!” The footage shows an uncuffed Nichols sitting on the ground telling the officers, “Stop!” before he lays down on his side and one cop yells, “Put your hands behind your back before I break them!” One of the officers has a Taser pressed into Nichols’ leg. “OK, stop … You guys are really doing a lot right now. Stop!” Nichols says. “I’m just trying to go home!” As one cop tells him, “Man, if you don’t lay down —” Nichols yells back, “I am on the ground!” A scuffle then ensues, part of which is obscured on the body cam, but the video picks back up with the officer Tasing an uncuffed Nichols as he runs away while taking off his shirt. Two other videos, both from police body cams, pick up as cops chase down Nichols in a residential area. One video shows a cop shooting pepper spray at Nichols’ face while he’s on the ground screaming, “Mom!” several times. “Gimme your hands!” a cop tells him again, as Nichols appears to try to get up while rolling on the ground. “Alright, alright,” he mumbles to the officers, and then one pepper sprays him again — appearing to also pepper spray himself. That cop takes a minute or so to regain his composure, then rejoins the other officers who are still struggling with Nichols. “Watch out, I’m gonna baton the f—k outta ya! Gimme you’re f—king hands!” one of the cops yells, with the video showing one of Nichols’ wrists handcuffed and held by a different officer. The same video eventually shows one of the cops repeatedly punching Nichols in the face as another holds him up. Nichols is also kicked several times in the head while restrained on the ground and beaten with a police baton. He can be heard moaning incomprehensibly. More cops eventually arrive at the scene, and Nichols is seen on the ground in a prone position and then propped up against a cop car. At one point in the video, the cops complain about accidentally pepper spraying themselves. “I sprayed myself,” one cop says. “Man, me, too!” the other replies. A fourth video, which has no audio, was shot from a pole, showing a far away angle of the alleged beatdown. Nichols died at the hospital three days later.