Just three months after Lisa Marie Presley purchased a home in Calabasas, California, her son, Benjamin Keough, took his own life inside. A source told The Post that the only daughter of Elvis Presley was “never the same again” after that tragic day. “Her world really stopped in the last few years and she has tried everything to cope so that she could be there for the rest of her children,” the source said. Presley, who passed away on Thursday after suffering cardiac arrest is survived by her twin daughters, Harper and Finely Lockwood, 14, and daughter, Riley Keough, 33. Presley was 54. In March 2020, Presley purchased this five-bedroom, three-bathroom home for $1.8 million. That July, her son was found dead inside the home from a self-inflicted gunshot wound, the Los Angeles County Medical Examiner ruled. He was 27. A separate insider told The Post at the time that Presley was beyond devastated: “She could not step foot inside the home.” Five months following her son’s death, on Dec. 29, 2020, Presley sold the home for $2 million. Occupying more than 5,400 square feet, the property is located in the guard-gated Calabasas Park Estate. The home has city and mountain views with a pool and spa. The family room comes a with fireplace, built-in bookcases and a wet bar, the previous listing notes. The primary bedroom has a large walk-in closet, dual sinks, a separate shower and a Jacuzzi tub. Keough was found unresponsive by his girlfriend Diana Pinto in an upstairs bathroom during her birthday party. Emergency personnel arrived, and he was pronounced dead on the scene. According to the autopsy report, he had attempted suicide six months earlier by “overdosing on alcohol and cocaine.” Lisa’s manager, Roger Widynowski, told The Post that following her son’s unexpected death, “she is completely heartbroken, inconsolable and beyond devastated but trying to stay strong for her 11 year old twins and her oldest daughter Riley. She adored that boy. He was the love of her life.” In her final Instagram post  — a now-chilling upload from this past August — Lisa Marie wrote about her “grief” over her son, whom she shared with musician Danny Keough. “In honor of it being National Grief Awareness Day, I wrote an essay about Grief which was posted today on @people,” her post said. “I thought I’d post it here in the hopes that anyone who needs to hear all of this it helps in some way.” I’m sharing my thoughts in the hopes that somehow, we can change that,” she said in the essay, adding: “Grief does not stop or go away in any sense. Grief is something you will have to carry with you for the rest of your life, in spite of what certain people or our culture wants us to believe. You do not ‘get over it,’ you do not ‘move on,’ period.” If you are struggling with suicidal thoughts or are experiencing a mental health crisis and live in New York City, you can call 1-888-NYC-WELL for free and confidential crisis counseling. If you live outside the five boroughs, you can dial the 24/7 National Suicide Prevention hotline at 988 or go to SuicidePreventionLifeline.org.