A sister of Australian designer Bianca Censori, who reportedly tied the knot with Kanye West in a private, non-legally binding ceremony, called the relationship “very exciting news” this week. “It’s very exciting news for both my sister and the family, but we choose to have some privacy for the time being,” Angelina Censori told the Herald Sun. Another relative, Alyssia Censori, said she was “super happy for them both.” The “Donda” rapper, 45, was spotted out with Bianca, 27, Thursday at the Waldorf Astoria in Beverly Hills, where they appeared to be sporting wedding rings. The pair reportedly flocked to a Utah resort for their honeymoon, cashing in on a luxury, five-day vacay. The Post reached out to West and Censori reps for comment. TMZ reported the pair have yet to file a marriage license. Censori is an architectural designer at West’s brand Yeezy. According to her LinkedIn profile, she’s been in the role since November 2020. West hasn’t exactly been sneaky with his obsession over the Kim Kardashian lookalike, releasing a track last month dubbed “Censori Overload,” an homage to his new boo’s last name. While the lyrics suggest he might have practiced celibacy until the pair wed, he also appears to rap about his ex-wife — and it’s not the first time. In fact, the “nuptials” news comes two months after the former couple’s divorce was finalized. When it was revealed West was reportedly taken off the market, Kardashian took to Instagram to announce she is entering her “quiet girl era.” A Kardashian insider told Page Six that the Skims founder allegedly “hates” Censori. Last month, “The Kardashians” star broke down in tears on an episode of the “Angie Martinez IRL” podcast, claiming that “co-parenting” her four kids with Ye is “really f–king hard.” The emotional SKKN founder went on to explain that she shields her children from her ex’s online rampages and outrageous public bouts, which range from wanting to go “death con 3 on Jewish people” to donning a “White Lives Matter” tee. “If they don’t know the things that are being said or what’s happening in the world, why would I ever bring that energy to them?” Kardashian said. “That’s really heavy grown-up s–t that they’re not ready to deal with.” While she knows she can’t hide the truth forever — especially as North, 9, gains more of a social media presence — Kardashian said she’s fully prepared to answer any of their questions when that fateful day arrives. “One day my kids will thank me for sitting here and not bashing their dad when I could,” she added. “All the crazy s–t. They’ll thank me and I’ll privately answer anything that they want to know. It’s not my place anymore to jump in.”