The ubiquitous reek of pot smoke is making NYC’s streets stink to high heaven. And with NYC’s first legal dispensary for recreational marijuana open since late last month — and more to follow — the haze is no longer limited to neighborhoods popular with nightcrawlers. Now it’s pervasive on Midtown sidewalks during the morning commute — and irking 9-to-5’ers. Matt, 39, a communications executive, said an assault of marijuana smoke followed him as he ascended from the subway just after 9 a.m. Tuesday and headed to his office near the Empire State Building. “I was like, ‘What the actual f – – k. Does no one have to go to work today?’ It’s wild … I thought I might see Cheech & Chong,” the Upper East Sider told The Post, declining to give his last name for professional reasons. The skunky smell also left him feeling insecure that his boss or colleagues might assume he was the one lighting up a joint before work. “I’m self-conscious about it. I don’t need the aroma lingering on my body,” he said. “It feels like all of New York is wake and baking!” A police officer stationed near Grand Central Terminal also observed a noticeable a.m. uptick in high-risers, telling The Post anonymously: “It’s [coming from] people going to work, maybe on their way to deal with a horrible boss — smoke a little bit, and do the job,” he told The Post. According to the NYC Department of Health, “Adults may smoke or vape cannabis wherever smoking tobacco is allowed under the smoke-free air laws, with a few exceptions.” Meanwhile, a 2020 New York health department survey found that “an estimated 6% of adults consume cannabis daily or near daily (20 or more days per month).” So, who are the folks lighting up on their way into the office — and are they actually getting any work done? The morning rush of pot smokers The Post encountered said that puffing without being policed helped ease them into their work day, allowing them to stay focused and relaxed on the job. “A joint is therapeutic,” Samir, 32, an assistant at a Midtown real estate law firm near Bryant Park, told The Post before promptly putting out the joint he was smoking Tuesday morning. He said his daily tasks consisted of editing legal documents and assisting the lawyers at the firm. “It gets me really focused. Anything that I do I’m going to do it right because I’m thinking straight — I’m not thinking about anything else,” he said. Similarly, Skye Lorenzo, 21, who handles packages for UPS in Midtown West, said she was more productive when she smokes before starting the labor-intensive early-morning shift. “It’s high volume. It can be stressful, but we get it done,” Lorenzo, whose job consists of sorting packages, scanning them and getting them into the right trucks before they leave for delivery, told The Post. She said she lights up as early as 3 a.m. before her shift starts, and again at 9 a.m. when she takes a break. She never smokes while at work, however. “When you’re high you still get the job done in a calm demeanor,” she said, noting that she has made more mistakes on the shifts she’s gone pot-free. According to the New York Department of Labor, an employer can take action against a worker using cannabis on the job if he or she “manifests specific articulable symptoms of impairment” that lower their performance or interfere with the business’ “obligation to provide a safe and healthy workplace.” Adam Giladi — who pregames his mornings writing creative copy at a marketing startup with a hot cup of coffee and a hit of his weed pen — said that nobody in his office seems concerned with policing pot on the job. “If I walk in while reeking of pot no one is going to say anything,” Giladi, 30, of Soho, told The Post last week of taking a few tokes before going to his office, conveniently located near the first state-licensed pot shop, Housing Works Cannabis Co. at 750 Broadway in NoHo. But many New Yorkers are fed up with the practice of toking on the streets. Jeffrey, 38, who lives in Brooklyn and works at a startup, said he was concerned about the dangers of breathing in second-hand smoke. “It’s unhealthy, it smells bad and interrupts what would otherwise be a pleasant experience being outside,” said Jeffrey, who declined to give The Post his last name. But commuters swatting away puffs of smoke didn’t stop Jermaine Hill, 34, a home health aide by day and security guard by night, who had a leisurely early-morning smoke session outside the Herald Square subway station Tuesday. “I’m a wake-and-bake type of guy,” said Hill. “It’s a wake up. I work better when I smoke.” As for detractors of the practice, he said:  “Anything’s good for you until you abuse it. If it wasn’t useful we wouldn’t use it.”