There’s nothing quite like a solid, brushed hardwood floor. It gives your home a timeless look and, especially now, comes in different tone varieties to match your aesthetic. They’re all home decor magazine-chic and all until — you have to clean them. What house cleaning products work the best on hardwood floors? How do I even go about cleaning hardwood floors properly? Luckily, we turned to the pros to provide streamlined (or should we say clean-lined) answers to everything there is to know about cleaning hardwood floors, along with the New York Post Shopping team’s hand-picked 10 best products on the market for you to buy online. With this guide, it hasn’t been easier. “There are so many types of flooring material, including wood, vinyl, stone and ceramic tile,” Brian Sansoni, senior vice president at the American Cleaning Institute, told the New York Post. “The best way to determine how to clean your floors is to start by checking the information that comes from the flooring manufacturer.” Often, they will recommend a specific product. If not, read cleaning product labels carefully to match their recommendations with your type of flooring. Click to jump to the best hardwood floor cleaners: Ahead, Sansoni lists general guidelines to keep in mind as you embark on cleaning hardwood floors: Aside from liquid solutions, there are considerations to keep in mind when looking for a trusty mop to do the job with, according to Sansoni: “As a general rule, the hardwood flooring industry does not recommend using steam mops on wood floors of any type,” Sansoni adds. “The manufacturers have recommended cleaning practices and solutions, and using other products and machines will void your warranty.” As always, contact the manufacturer of your flooring to get their cleaning recommendations. Sure, your best robot vacuum or tried-and-true cordless (read: our full Dyson review) can do the job just fine, but there are a few key elements to keep in mind when getting around to cleaning your hardwood floors. For a top hardwood floor cleaning machine, look no further than the Bissell CrossWave Floor Cleaner. With more than 23,000 rave reviews on Amazon, it’ll vacuum and wash simultaneously, thanks to its dual-action multi-surface brush roll. Not only that, but it’s versatile to use on sealed wood floors, tile, laminate, linoleum, rubber floor mats, pressed wood floors and even area rugs. This product also boasts two-tank technology to ensure dirty water and dry debris is separate from clean water and formula. Clad with more than 24,000 positive reviews, the Bona Hardwood Floor Cleaner is one of the most affordable hardwood cleaner that doesn’t compromise on quality. Specifically, it features a water-based cleaning formula that dries quickly, is residue-free and meets the U.S. EPA product standards for people, pets and the planet. The Black Diamond Stoneworks Wood & Laminate Floor Cleaner helps render your hardwood floor to be streak-free with its no-rinse hypoallergenic formula. What’s more, it works on all types of engineered flooring (like wood and laminate) and comes in a variety of size options, from one-quart ($15) to four-gallons ($110). If you’re desiring that fresh lemon-scent to make your home smell like a newly minted oasis, then you’re in luck with Aunt Fannie’s Hardwood Floor Cleaner. Namely, this vinegar-free concentrate is plant-based, doesn’t have that chemical-y nature about it and is USA-made. Hello, sustainable cleaning product. Aside from hardwood, it’s also safe to use on solid, engineered, bamboo, manufactured and laminated flooring. Dubbed one of the largest names for at-home cleaning, Murphy knows what’s up with its Concentrated Wood Cleaner. It’s an economical, natural cleaner that’s apt for mopping wooden floors, paneling and other large wood surfaces, too. With over 80 years in the home-cleaning business, Murphy has crafted a multi-use, ammonia- and bleach-free cleaning agent that’s formulated with water, coconut-derived ingredients and natural fragrance. With a name like Method, you know you’re in for a treat. The brand’s Hardwood Floor Cleaner is available on Amazon or Target online, is refillable (to keep sustainability in check) and boasts a “one-step clean plus gleam, no rinsing required,” per the product’s description. It’s also cruelty-free, not animal-tested and made of 100% recycled plastic. Not to mention, the subtle almond scent is a delightfully rich, nutty touch that surely makes cleaning feel like a piece of (almond) cake. Got pets? The Hoover Paws & Claws — we love the name, BTW — Hard Surface Floor Cleaner is what we recommend, much ado to its enzymatic cleaning ingredients that help break down pet messes and odors to leave your home as fresh as can be. This product is safe for use on hardwood floors, as well as vinyl, ceramic tile, laminate floors and area rugs. Using globally sourced ingredients, it’s also USA-made and safe to use around children and pets. In short, it’s a household staple. The Rejuvenate Professional Wood Floor Restorer & Polish has nearly 8,000 positive reviews on Amazon and is ideal for filling in scratches, restoring your hardwood to a glossy shine and protecting your coveted flooring. With a pour-on and mop design, you’ll have a years-lasting finish that is well-worth the less-than-$30 price tag, too. With a streak-free formula focus, Weiman’s Hardwood Floor Cleaner is budget-friendly and effective. Specifically, it’ll help restore your flooring’s natural shine without an unwanted residue. Plus, it’s formulated with plant-based ingredients that’s safe for pets and children to walk on (or crawl on) once dried. To keep on deck with you at all times, the Hoover FloorMate Deluxe Hard Floor Cleaner Machine receives our stamp of approval. Apt for hardwood, laminate, vinyl and tile flooring, its SpinScrub brushes will gently and safely scrub with its 120-volt power. Like the Bissell model, it also features two-tank technology and even a wash-dry mode, where its Selection Wash mode uses brushes to clean while suctioning up excess water, while its Dry Mode stops brushes to suction off the excess water and improve drying time. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.