Secrets, secrets, they’re no fun — especially when you don’t share your diet with someone. A new study found that 57% of dieters have not told anyone about their weight loss attempts, and 35% said they keep their endeavors hushed so no one would know if they failed. Commissioned by Slimming World, a UK based community for diet news and advice, the survey meanwhile showed that nearly one-third are simply too embarrassed to admit their weight concerns, or own up to having a weight problem. Out of 2,000 adults, the average participant polled have attempted to lose weight an average of four times in the past three years. “Worries about our weight and the decision to start a weight loss journey can feel deeply personal, so it’s natural to think that going it alone might be best,” Dr. Jacquie Lavin, special advisor at Slimming World, told South West News Service. However, Lavin claimed that it can actually be “easier” and “more enjoyable” to share your weight loss goals with others, even with a group can help: 37% of people in the study said that they valued the camaraderie of losing weight with a few buddies, and the mutual motivation that helps them stay on track. “These findings show that anyone who’s concerned about their weight should embrace the encouragement and support of losing weight with others, even if that means stepping out of their comfort zones,” said Lavin. Of those who have chosen to lose weight alone, 38% did so to feel more in control, according to the research. There’s also a difference between men and women when it comes to their willingness to be open about what they’re putting in their bodies. Even while attempting to slim down, men (44%) are more likely than women (34%) to eat or drink unhealthily in front of others, such as accepting birthday cake, just to keep up appearances. Dr. Lavin encourages those dieting in secret to hop on the weight-watching bandwagon, since 12% of solo dieters have given up on a weight loss plan due to feeling lonely. “Losing weight isn’t always easy and going it alone is especially hard,” she said. “We know it’s the shared motivation, plus feeling valued, cared for and understood, which act as a powerful and positive incentive to lose weight, and to keep going if you’re struggling.” The doctor also claimed that not being shy about your weight wants can be “powerful.” “As the survey showed, that shared motivation can be powerful,” Lavin said. “Our members say seeing the success of other people trying to lose weight is a key benefit of trying to lose weight as part of a group.”