Zach Wilson’s mom is laughing over a report that her family’s close relationship with the Jets could help keep the quarterback with the team. Lisa Wilson took to her Instagram Stories to deny a report by Michael Kay, who said on his radio show Friday, “I was told by someone close to ownership that Zach Wilson is definitely coming back next year.” Kay then suggested that the relationship between Wilson’s family and team owner Woody Johnson could be why Wilson remains on the Jets for a third season after he was benched multiple times. Lisa, however, said that her family has only spoken to Johnson on one occasion, which occurred after the Jets selected her son with the second-overall pick in the 2021 NFL Draft. “These people are hilarious,” Lisa wrote over a screen grab of the report. “They know absolutely nothing. The one and only time we have ever talked to Woody was on a tour of the facility the day after the draft.” Wilson was benched multiple times this season for backups Mike White and Joe Flacco as he struggled to control the offense. The 23-year-old last played in the Jets’ 19-3 loss to the Jaguars on Dec. 22, when he was benched late in the third quarter of the Week 16 matchup. Despite Wilson’s struggles, the Jets haven’t wavered on the BYU product. “With Zach, communication is constant,” head coach Robert Saleh said Wednesday. “Again, we’re not wavering, we believe in the young man… It’s not a talent thing for Zach. I don’t believe that… We’re going to work our tails off to help him and we’re committed to that.” Sunday’s 11-6 loss to the Dolphins marked the Jets’ sixth straight defeat as the team heads into an offseason in which they’ve vowed to develop Wilson. On Thursday, Jets offensive coordinator Mike LaFleur explained how the team has “failed” the second-year quarterback. “For two years, we haven’t done our job with him,’’ LaFleur said. “Any player at any position that isn’t producing to the level they’re capable of, as a coach you’ve failed them. There’s a two-way street with it — the player’s got to meet you in the middle with it. “But you want all these guys to play at their best, [and] we all know that Zach, he hasn’t played at his absolute best. He’s shown spurts, shown his talent, but it’s like [head coach Robert Saleh said Monday] through hell or high water we’re going to work with him, and it’s not going to stop.” The Jets’ offense sputtered in their final three outings. They became only the fourth team since 2000 to be held under seven points in three straight games, according to ESPN.