Hoppy Lunar New Year! Yes, we do mean hoppy, as this is now the Year of the Rabbit, according to the Chinese Zodiac and corresponding lunar calendar. Starting Jan. 22, we bit adieu to the roaring Year of the Tiger and its spirit of change and adventure and welcome in the rabbit, which represents prosperity and hope. Want to know if this will be your year? If you were born in the years 1927, 1939, 1951, 1963, 1975, 1987, 1999, 2011 and of course in 2023 then it is your time to shine, embracing the fun-loving and hopeful side of things this year. In honor of the new year, brands are hopping on board with brand new bunny-centric designs and limited-edition releases that may bring even more luck to 2023. From designers like Coach and Dior to household names like Sur La Table and Johnnie Walker, you are sure to find a lucky new item to bring even more prosperity into your life. These bunny bags are too cute! Head to Coach to shop the new Lunar New Year collection, with purses, wallets and more in shades of red and pink — also great for Valentine’s Day. Kiss last year goodbye and welcome in the Year of the Rabbit. The Dior beauty collections for 2023 are stunning, featuring astrology motifs and collectable, limited-edition packaging. Are you a preppy bunny? If so, Brooks Brothers new collection of Lunar New Year finds is for you, spanning sweaters, tees, dresses and more. The best part is that a portion of proceeds goes to Gold House, a non-profit to empower the Asian American and Pacific Islander community. Our Place is setting the table for a Lunar New Year feast, with two new collections. First, the rice bowl set ($65) comes with four bowls, four pairs of chopsticks and four chopstick rests. Then, head over to the viral Always Pan ($145) and Perfect Pot ($165) to see the new bright red Firecracker color in honor of the holiday. These bunny bags are sure to make you smile. The Radley London dog is also featured on the purses and wallets, chasing rabbits to his heart’s content in the New Year. Kate Spade is hopping on the rabbit trend for 2023, too, with a line of bunny handbags, sweaters and jewelry you need to see for spring. Cheers to the Year of the Rabbit! The brand new bunny Blue Label from Johnnie Walker comes with a limited edition bottle and box, now sold at ReserveBar for a limited time only. Start the New Year on a sweet note with the new Sugarfina collection. Buy a bento box of your favorite flavors, or opt for a curated gift set for you and a loved one. Have a feast this Lunar New Year and every day with stunning dishes and tableware from Sur La Table. The collection includes plates, bowls, trays and more for all your dining needs. Pearl River Mart is a one-stop-shop for all things Lunar New Year, with stickers and red envelopes for gifting and decorations and more to set up your home for the best Year of the Rabbit party ever. Kick off the new year with a new pair of kicks! The Koio limited edition sneakers are back for another Lunar New Year, this time  featuring cartoon rabbits with lucky red envelopes on the side. Treat your skin this year, with a limited edition set of jade makeup products. The collection includes Floral Essences Balancing Fitting Foundation, Flawless Jade Breathable Setting Powder, Blooming Rouge Long-Lasting Liquid Lipstick, Flawless Jade Shine Liquid Lipstick and Ginseng Care Lip Balm, plus a whole lot of free gifts like a beauty sponge, gift bag, a bracelet, three red envelopes, a Spring Festival couplet, a gift card and the Eastern Dressing Box. Welcome in the Year of the Rabbit with a fittingly fluffy plush. The Smoko stuffed animal is actually a potato in disguise, wearing a bunny costume and holding a lucky red envelope that actually opens. Get your bunny bags here, plus rabbit shoes and other accessories. Charles & Keith has a new Bunny Collection in honor of the Lunar New Year, but they also happen to be in fun Easter colors, for a double holiday whammy. Leave it to Ralph Lauren to beautifully curate a Lunar New Year collection. The Year of the Rabbit is no different, and you can now shop it all from men’s polos and slacks to women’s red dresses and floral embroidered items. What time is it? It is time to get a new Lunar New Year watch! Fossil has a great new collection in honor of the holiday, with rabbit motifs and red colors, plus a selection of handbags and leather accessories, too. Take a bite out of the New Year with these sweet treats. See’s Candies launched a brand new box, with red packaging perfect for gifting or eating on your own. Brush up on your Lunar New Year colors with a new set of brushes. The NARS collection includes four makeup brushes, plus a carrying case to keep it all together. Pat McGrath knows a thing or two about trends and a red lip and shimmery eye is in for the Year of the Rabbit. The set comes with a lipstick, eyeshadow quad and a hand mirror, each with limited edition packaging. We’ll take all the luck we can get this year. Rock this rabbit-shaped jade necklace from Wolf & Badger for luck and style, sold on the site for a limited time. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.