Andrew Tate mocked Meghan Markle’s complaints about royal racism as a “cop-out” and called her a “dislikable person” shortly before his arrest in an alleged human trafficking and rape scheme. The controversial social media figure made the comments during an interview with Piers Morgan that was posted online Thursday, the same day Tate was busted in Romania. “It’s kind of hard for Meghan to say that the UK is a racist country when the leader of the UK has darker skin than her and the mayor of London has darker skin than her,” Tate said. “I think it’s just a cop-out and her not wanting to be perspicacious and self-reflective enough to understand that she has attacked an age-old institution. “There are people who are very patriotic about that institution. And by attacking it and bringing a degree of distaste to it, there’s many people who don’t like her,” he continued. “And if you’re a dislikable person, you can’t just instantly stand up and say, ‘It’s because of my skin color.’ It might be because of your actions and some of the things you’ve said.” Markle, whose mother is black, made waves in 2021 by telling Oprah Winfrey that Britain’s royal family raised “concerns” with Prince Harry about how dark their son Archie’s skin “might be when he’s born.” Markle also doubled down on her allegations in the new Netflix documentary series “Harry & Meghan,” saying that “people are very aware of my race because they made it such an issue when I went to the UK. “But before that, most people didn’t treat me like a black woman,” she said. Tate, 36, noted that like Markle,  41, “I’m from a mixed-race background” and said it hadn’t held him back. “I am a person who’s probably darker-skinned than her, and I’ve never experienced any kind of bigotry against myself, besides the fact I’m a straight male,” he said. “I’ll get bigotry for that before I’ll get bigotry for my skin color.” The former kickboxing champion and contestant on the British “Big Brother” TV show was arrested Friday, along with his brother and two women. They’re accused of running an “organized crime group” that trafficked women and forced them to appear in pornographic videos “meant to be seen on specialized websites at a cost.” Tate is being held in jail for at least 30 days. Posts have appeared on his Twitter account since he was apprehended denouncing the charges against him and alluding to a conspiracy like the one in the 1999 sci-fi film “The Matrix.” “My unmatched perspicacity coupled with sheer indefatigability makes me a feared opponent in any realm of human endeavor. For every domain the Matrix shuts down, we have dozens ready to replace it,” one tweet said.