Pay-to-play pass Another day, another egregious example of the abhorrent corruption and malfeasance that pervade the current far-left “leadership” in New York politics (“Hochul’s Pay-to-Play Stink Grows,” Editorial, Jan. 25). Gov. Hochul’s involvement in the pay-to-play COVID-test contract with an eventual donor to her campaign screams out for an investigation. But what does State Senate Majority Leader Andrea Stewart-Cousins say? “I take her at her word.” How pathetic. Imagine her response if Hochul were a Republican engaged in the same fraud. Her shrieks would be heard on the moon. The charade that Democrats inflict on the citizens throughout New York City and state is akin to the emetic swamp of Washington, DC. Politics and power are all that matter to them. The people (and principle) be damned. James McCaffrey Yonkers Crime: lost cause With all due respect and deepest sorrow: Living in Brooklyn, has Simone Brooks looked around at her local representatives (“Stab vic’s ma: ‘I want justice,’ ” Jan. 23)? These are people who are loudly and consistently calling for fewer police, the downgrading of every crime, no bail and less incarceration — while she and her neighbors get poorer in every way in a sanctuary state. If she wants justice, she’s going to get the “equitable” justice we’re all subject to. It will get progressively worse. Don’t fight it, Ms. Brooks. It’s too late now. Mustiola E. Santos Kearny, NJ Living large in Fla. I don’t know where Cindy Adams is getting her info, but her parody of Florida is severely outdated and absurd (“Florida’s got nuthin’ on NY,” Jan. 23). No one wears “green and white checked pants” on a golf course, and I don’t see fat sequins. Botox and thinning blond hair isn’t regional, Ms. Adams. And neither is the idyllic culture professed to be in New York. As a New England snowbird, I eagerly fly off to the gorgeous coast of Florida in October and reluctantly return in May. There’s excellent opera here and world-class museums, art, live theater and endless intellectual, interesting and stimulating things to do. Many are due to the proliferation of highly rated colleges and universities as well as a multitude of smart and engaging retired professionals.I’m never afraid to walk around well after dark. The police mean business and the criminals know it. How very refreshing. After only two days in New York City for an investment conference and being approached five times by teen boys, all trying to sell me weed, I couldn’t wait to get out of dirty, smelly Dodge — certainly not the city I spent so much time in and loved. You can have it, Cindy! Barbara Kenerson Palmetto, Fla. Eatery intolerance This restaurant is serving up bigotry against conservative customers (“Boot from breakfast over my politics,” Jan. 25). If I want some scrambled eggs, I need not be litmus-tested before picking up my fork to eat. Fox News analyst Gianno Caldwell was reportedly asked to leave a restaurant, and the owner apparently told him in not-so-many words that his kind (conservatives) are not allowed. It is clearly a case of political segregation, and I thank Cald­well for not taking this insult lying down. Unlike many customers who might find themselves in this awkward position, Caldwell has a social media presence and he has used it well. This is about being able to use your free speech when you go out for breakfast and not having your ham and eggs denied. No one should have to check his beliefs at the door before sitting down to eat. Sal Giarratani Boston, Mass. Want to weigh in on today’s stories? Send your thoughts (along with your full name and city of residence) to letters@nypost.com. Letters are subject to editing for clarity, length, accuracy and style.