Savannah Guthrie and her husband, Michael Feldman, are looking to part ways with their New York City pad of five years. Located in Tribeca, the four-bedroom, 3.5-bathroom residence hit the market on Monday for $7.1 million. The “Today” anchor, and her former democratic advisor husband, purchased the home in 2017 for roughly $7.114 million — meaning they’re willing to accept an approximate $14,000 loss if the home trades hands for its current list price, plus the cost for renovations over the years. The couple married just three years prior, in 2014. They told the Wall Street Journal, the first to report the listing, that this was the first home they ever purchased together. Located in a boutique building, Guthrie revealed that what first attracted her to the building was the modesty of it. “I’ve never been one to like those humongous buildings where you walk in and you feel like you could be at a hotel,” Guthrie told the Journal. “This is a small, sweet building.” She added that they were ready to give up their full-floor loft in exchange for a townhouse in the city, describing it as having a “vision and dream” of living in one. Spanning more than 3,700 square feet, the loft features 10-foot ceilings, and a custom marble and white oak bar. The open chef’s kitchen is outfitted with extensive floor-to-ceiling cabinetry, a honed black Saint Laurent marble center island and a full suite of Gaggenau appliances — including a wine refrigerator and a vented range hood, the listing says. The primary suite boasts a fireplace and a dressing room. The bathroom comes with Carrera marble and bluestone finishes, a deep soaking tub beneath a flat-screen television and a separate shower. The building has a 24-hour doorman, a full-time super, a state-of-the-art fitness room and a  bike room. “My fingernails will be scraping against the glass leaving this apartment,” Guthrie said. Cortnee B. Glasser with Sotheby’s International Realty holds the listing. The Post previously reported that Guthrie was spending a lot of time in her upstate New York home in the Hudson Valley, especially during the quarantine months. And it looks like she will be hanging on to that home for now. Guthrie, 51, and Feldman, 54, purchased that 20-acre estate for $2.7 million, also in 2014 — the same time they bought their Manhattan place. Meanwhile, Guthrie is not the only one willing to take a loss on her New York City pad amid sky-high interest rates. In November, Bill Gates listed his daughter’s Upper East Side home at a loss, The Post reported.