Then-Gov. Andrew Cuomo had top administration staffers working on his self-aggrandizing, $5.1 million COVID-19 memoir at the height of the pandemic — as New York was losing around 1,000 residents a day to the deadly virus, a bombshell new report alleges. The conservative Empire Center for Public Policy said emails obtained under the state Freedom of Information Law showed that top Cuomo aide Melissa DeRosa began directing staffers to compile information for her on March 30, 2020. “Who can do a timeline for me? call me to discuss,” DeRosa wrote at 7:58 a.m., according to the email. That was little more than two weeks after Cuomo announced the state’s first coronavirus-related fatality: an 82-year-old woman who died at Wycoff Heights Medical Center in Brooklyn. The emails span the period of time from March 30 to April 18, 2020, during the first and deadliest wave of the pandemic, when the seven-day average death toll peaked at 978 on April 13. Although none of the messages explicitly mentioned Cuomo’s book project, his memoir later used dates and the related numbers of COVID-19 cases, hospitalizations and deaths for each chapter title, according to the Empire Center. In addition, one of Cuomo’s speechwriters sent DeRosa and other top gubernatorial aides an email on April 18, 2020, with a draft version of “a preface I’ve been working on.” It was written, as if by Cuomo, in the first person, and recalled his plans for Jan. 8, 2020, which was described as “a special day, the day I would deliver the State of the State address.” The speechwriter, Jamie Malanowski, also wrote that a colleague, Tom Topousis — a former NY Post reporter who at the time worked for the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey — “has been pulling together the tick tock [timeline] and will respond.” The emails suggest that work on Cuomo’s book by his staffers started far earlier than previously detailed in an impeachment report prepared by the state Assembly’s Judiciary Committee. That report cited a junior staffer who recalled instructions given “in June or early July” for employees to “compile materials related to then-Governor Cuomo’s COVID press briefings on an urgent basis, a task that took approximately five junior employees several hours to complete.” The emails were obtained by Peter Arbeeny, whose father, Norman, died of COVID-19 shortly after leaving a Brooklyn nursing home. Arbeeny, who’s filed a wrongful death suit against Cuomo and DeRosa, called the emails “shocking to me.” “My father died on April 21, 2020,” he told The Post. “Gov. Cuomo said he was busy saving lives. He was busy writing a book!” Arbeeny also said Cuomo’s memoir “drove the narrative of Andrew Cuomo as the self-appointed pandemic god.” “They knew they were working on a book and they wanted to portray themselves as pandemic warriors,” he said. Cuomo’s book, “American Crisis: Leadership Lessons from the COVID-19 Pandemic” — was published in October 2020 and was briefly a best-seller. But the Crown Publishing Group stopped promoting it in March 2021 because Cuomo was under investigation for the state’s “reporting of Covid-related fatalities in nursing homes,” the company said at the time. That move came after The Post exclusively revealed that DeRosa privately apologized to Democratic lawmakers for covering up the nursing-home death toll for fear that the numbers would be “used against us” by federal prosecutors. Cuomo has been accused of fueling nursing home deaths through March 25, 2020, Health Department directive for the facilities to admit “medically stable” COVID-19 patients discharged from hospitals. Cuomo has denied that the policy — which was rescinded after about six weeks — spread the virus among vulnerable seniors, calling those allegations “lies” and “misinformation.” Cuomo resigned in August 2021 while under fire over sexual harassment allegations, as well as other scandals involving his book deal and the nursing home deaths. He has repeatedly denied any wrongdoing and on Friday was awarded taxpayer funds to defend himself against a lawsuit that accuses of him sexually harassing a state trooper.In August, an Albany county court ruling allowed Cuomo to keep the proceeds from his book after the since-disbanded Joint Commission on Public Ethics ordered him to surrender the cash to the state. Cuomo spokesman Rich Azzopardi on Friday called the Empire Center’s report “false and defamatory.” “The emails have NOTHING to do with work on the book, which began months later,” he said in an email. “The timeline was to inform the daily briefings, speeches and other COVID-related materials. Of course a speechwriter would produce language in the Governor’s voice.” DeRosa’s lawyer, Gregory Morvillo also said, “Any article that states that Melissa DeRosa directed anyone to work on Gov. Cuomo’s book in March and/or April 2020 is false and reckless.” “Ms. DeRosa did not do any work related to the book until after the daily briefings concluded, and that assistance was done in a volunteer capacity, without government resources, and accounted for on her time sheets,” Morvillo added. Malanowksi told The Post that at the time of his email, “I had no knowledge that a book was in the works.” Malanowski said his “preface” was intended as a “narrative” for speeches or discussions but acknowledged, “I guess that could be used in a book.” 