Broadway’s “Wicked” isn’t quite “popular” with one working graphic designer at the moment. Artist Adam Ellis claimed Sunday on Instagram that the smash Broadway musical “Wicked” asked him to create a custom piece of art for their “Year of the Fan” campaign to help celebrate the show’s 20th anniversary. According to a screenshot shared by Ellis, the show — which is currently the second-largest-grossing show on Broadway — offered to compensate him with a pair of tickets to the show as well as credits across their social media. As of Monday, tickets to the show start at nearly $110. Ellis allegedly declined the offer saying that he would not work for free and that he would send them his current rate if they were still interested. “Not Wicked the Musical offering me $100 theater tickets in exchange for custom artwork when they’re the second highest grossing Broadway show of all time,” Ellis, 37, posted to his 1.7 million followers on Instagram. “Brands need to realize that creatives don’t make art for fun, it’s our livelihood.” “I can’t pay rent with theater tickets. My intention isn’t to shame some social media manager who’s just doing their job,” continued Ellis, “but I know that when I decline a campaign that doesn’t pay, they just move down their list of artists until they find someone new enough or desperate enough to make art for the ‘exposure.’ ” “I know they have the cash to pay me and any other artist they want to work with, if they valued us. Do better. Pay us.” The Post reached out to “Wicked” reps and Ellis for comment. “Wicked” tells the story of both Glinda, the Good Witch of the North, and Elphaba, the Wicked Witch of the West, and how they were both friends before the events of “The Wizard of Oz.” The show gained international fame after opening on Broadway in 2003 and winning several Tony Awards including Best Actress for Idina Menzel. “Wicked” is also set to be adapted into a two-part movie starring Cynthia Erivo, Ariana Grande, Jonathan Bailey, Oscar nominee Michelle Yeoh and Jeff Goldblum. Several artists also slammed the production. “Broadway producers are SERIOUSLY cheap, and loooooove love love to exploit labor as much as possible,” slammed one user. “Broadway Costume Makers are making $18-$20 per hour, and are NON UNION labor, making every costume you see on broadway.” “I’m a working professional illustrator and I support you 1000% for putting this out there,” chided a second person. “It happens all too often and I worry that AI will be where they go to next for free work. I swear, being an artist is a never-ending battle to fight for the most basic things and to keep afloat.” “Defying poverty,” snarked a third person. “Did … did they really end it with ‘oh and also we’ll offer to credit you for your work to top our deal off’ as if credit should be common sense anyways,” a fourth person commented. Other users said that the offer wasn’t as bad as it could be. “That’s actually a generous offer compared to some emails I get,” said one artist. “This actually seems like a good deal coz it’s not working for free,” said another. “It’s working for literally hundred-dollar tickets- I don’t see the issue.” “Wicked” is currently playing at the Gershwin Theatre in New York.