You only have a few more chances to see Andy Warhol and Jean-Michael Basquiat on Broadway. The two historical figures, portrayed by Paul Bettany and Jeremy Pope in “The Collaboration” is leaving the Samuel J. Friedman Theatre on Feb. 5. Written by Oscar-nominated writer Anthony McCarten and directed by Kwame Kei-Armah, “The Collaboration tells the true story of a 1984 creative partnership between Warhol and Basquiat on a new exhibit that puts their egos to the test. And while Bettany — who you may recognize as Vision from “Wandavision” — may be the draw here, it’s Pope’s Basquiat who has been receiving rave reviews from critics. Either way, the two “(bring) fireworks to the stage” according to The Evening Standard. Now, with less than a month of shows remaining, there’s no time like the present to scoop up tickets. Amazingly, last-minute tickets are surprisingly affordable for the high-profile show. In fact, we found some seats going for as low as $103 before fees on Vivid Seats at the time of publication. All prices are subject to fluctuation.  Want to find the show that makes the most sense for you? Take a look below, we’ve laid out all upcoming dates, start times and the lowest ticket prices available for each of the remaining 24 performances. (Note: The New York Post confirmed all above prices at the publication time. All prices are subject to fluctuation and include additional fees at checkout.) Vivid Seats is a verified secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand. They offer a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and your tickets will be delivered prior to the event.  The cast in “The Collaboration” is fairly small — only four actors take the stage during the entire two-hour production. Here’s what you need to know about them. Paul Bettany is more than just Vision. He’s also known for scene stealing turns in “A Knight’s Tale,” “A Beautiful Mind” and “The Da Vinci Code” among many other films. Behind the camera, Bettany made his directorial debut with “Shelter” starring Jennifer Connelly and Anthony Mackie. Jeremy Pope has a bright future ahead of him. After netting two Tony Award® nominations in the same season for “Choir Boy” and “Ain’t Too Proud,” he earned an Emmy nomination for his work in Netflix’s “Hollywood.” Last year,  he starred in A24’s “The Inspection” alongside Gabrielle Union and Bokeem Woodbine. Krysta Rodriguez might look familiar. That’s because she recently starred onstage as Cinderella in the revival of Stephen Sondheim’s “Into the Woods” as well as onscreen in Netflix’s “Halston,” NBC’s “Smash,” and the CW’s “Gossip Girl. In ‘The Collaboration,” she plays Basquiat’s girlfriend, Maya. Erik Jensen doesn’t just act — they also write and directs. If you want to see them perform though you can by catching them in ABC’s “For Life” or their first feature film “Almost Home.” Just a few of Jensen’s theater credits include “Disgraced,”  “Y2K” and “How To Be A Rock Critic.” In “The Collaboration,” Jensen breathes life into the role of Bruno Bischofberger, a Swiss art dealer. Want a behind the scenes look at Bettany and Pope in character? Check out the 90-second video below.   Per usual, Broadway is introducing a full slate of huge musicals and plays you won’t want to miss when they debut in the next few months. Here are just five of our favorites opening soon. • “A Doll’s House” starring Jessica Chastain • “Sweeney Todd” starring Gaten Matarazzo • “Camelot” starring Phillipa Soo • “Good Night, Oscar” starring Sean Hayes • “Prima Facie” starring Jodie Comer Still want more of what’s headed to Broadway soon? Click into our comprehensive list of the 13 biggest shows coming to Broadway in 2023.