Her second husband wasn’t the full package, either. MacKenzie Scott, the ex-wife of billionaire Amazon founder Jeff Bezos, has reportedly finalized her second divorce after a year of marriage — following a 2019 scandal that exposed how the tech tycoon had cheated on her. The 52-year-old philanthropist officially split with Dan Jewett —  a chemistry teacher at her kids’ upscale private school — in court papers signed by a Washington state judge on Jan. 4, according to People magazine. The former lovebirds got quietly hitched in March 2021, a couple of years after Bezos, 58,  was busted sending sleazy selfies to his then-mistress Lauren Sanchez, leading Scott to divorce him in July 2019. In September, Scott filed for divorce from Jewett and a property settlement will be hashed out in yet-to-be-filed documents, according to documents obtained by People magazine. They have no kids together. Jewett didn’t contest the divorce, and they had both signed a prenuptial agreement. Scott — a novelist and the third wealthiest woman in the US — was married to Bezos for nearly 25 years and has four children with him. She reportedly parted ways with Bezos with a jaw-dropping $38.3 billion in Amazon stock. Their divorce settlement included a 4 % stake in the online retail giant or 19.7 million shares. Under the agreement, Bezos kept 75% of the couple’s Amazon stock, along with voting control of her shares. Scott vowed to give away more than half of her wealth to charity and has since donated at least $14 billion to 16,000 non-profits, according to her website YieldGiving.com. In March, she donated $436 million to Habitat for Humanity International and 84 of its US affiliates. As of last month, her wealth was estimated to be $27 billion, according to Forbes. Bezos’ net worth was meanwhile valued at $110 billion, and in 2020 was on track to become the world’s first trillionaire by 2026. Bezos and Sanchez, a former Fox news anchor in Los Angeles, are reportedly living together but haven’t tied the knot. Bezos’ marital dirty laundry was aired when racy selfies, including a crotch shot, he sent Sanchez were leaked in January 2019.