What an unfortunate answer. “Wheel of Fortune” contestant Ben Tucker sounded off at host Pat Sajak after incorrectly guessing a phrase on the long-running game show. Filed under the category “Fun & Games,” Tucker made a bold guess with only a few letters available on the board. “Taunt a chuck guy? Chance guy … no, there’s no C. Wacky guy. Taunt a wacky guy,” Tucker said, taking a stab at the mystery sentence. But once the buzzer sounded, show co-host Vanna White became the bearer of bad news. The answer was: “Taking a quick jog.” “Wow, that was so unclose. You just didn’t have the letters,” Sajak teased. Tucker, from California, shot back at the 76-year-old, who’s been hosting the game show for more than four decades. “See, I don’t consider jogging fun and games,” said Tucker, who did end up winning $18,000. But even the official “Wheel of Fortune” Instagram page was quick to agree with Tucker’s rationale, captioning a clip of the moment, “He has a point.” Others also cosigned the Californian’s claim – even the most devout runners wouldn’t dare consider jogging “fun and games.” “He deserves the money for that one,” wrote one user in the comments. “That is such a bad mistake. Who is responsible? I’m a runner and I don’t consider jogging ‘fun and games.’ “ “Ben is correct. Taking a quick jog is NOT FUN & GAMES,” another person chimed in. “I don’t either. they need to fix these categories and puzzles,” commented one more critic. The game show has aired its fair share of gaffes and jabs, including in October when Sajak blasted a contestant for getting the wrong answer when his prize would have been a new ride. Just last month, fans raised eyebrows over a comment Sajak made to his daughter about being a “good host” of the game show. Viewers fumed that Sajak’s daughter would be crowned as the on-air letter turner following White’s exit, suspecting “nepotism.” White and Sajak have co-hosted “Wheel of Fortune” since the 1980s, but the duo’s time is nearly up, despite signing a contract for the 2023 to 2024 season, according to Variety. “Everybody relates ‘Wheel of Fortune’ to Pat and Vanna. We’re like Ken and Barbie, you know,” White, 65, told People last year. “We’ve been in everybody’s homes for 40 years, so it would be weird having somebody else turn my letters.”