The Caesars Sportsbook promo code NPBONUSFULL unlocks a $1,250 first bet “on Caesars” for all new users. If you’re in Ohio, you can get the same offer but up to $1,500, with Caesars Sportsbook promo code NPBONUS1BET. New Caesars Sportsbook bettors elsewhere can get up to $1,250 back if their first bet loses when they register with the promo code NPBONUSFULL. This is one of the best offers around, as it is $250 more than you would typically find at other online sportsbooks. How does this offer work? Make your first bet at Caesars and if it loses, you’ll be refunded in bet credits up to $1,250. So if you put $200 on this NFL teaser we detail below, you’ll profit about $180 if it wins. You’ll then have $380 in your account that’s real cash — this promo has effectively ended. If that first bet loses, you’ll bet $200 in bet credits back. You then must use the bet credits on any wager and turn them into cash. But you don’t keep the bet credit amount. So if you put $50 in credits on the Bruins -4.5 and it wins, you’ll profit about $45 but don’t keep the $50 in credits. The Iowa State Cyclones have become one of the fastest-rising teams in the country. They have built up an incredible resume, and their most recent win over Texas is perhaps the most impressive. As for Oklahoma State, they got back on track in a big way as they blew out a solid Oklahoma Sooners team in their last game. Now it will be interesting to see if they can carry that success over to this matchup. This game has all the potential to be a defensive slugfest. The Cyclones are currently sixth in defensive efficiency, but the Cowboys are not far behind in eighth. KenPom has the total projected to be 123, and the under is a strong play if you can get it at 125 or better at Caesars Sportsbook. New and existing players. 21+. Available in AZ, CO, IA, IL, IN, KS, LA, MI, NJ, NY, TN, VA, WV only. Full T&C apply.. If you’re looking to pad your bankroll, look no further than Caesars Sportsbook. Caesars offers loads of daily profit boosts. They come in all shapes and sizes, as they could be increasing the odds on straight bets, or boosting same-game parlays, or even giving you extra value with a three-team parlay on the day’s biggest favorites. However you like to bet, Caesars has you covered. So be sure to check out all the boosts they have to offer. For Ohio bettors: OH only. 21+. New users and first wager only. Must register with eligible promo code. Bet amount of qualifying wager returned only if wager is settled as a loss. Maximum bet credit $1,500; must be used within 14 days of receipt. See Caesars.com/promos for full terms. Void where prohibited. Know When To Stop Before You Start.® Gambling problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER.