Kanye West married Yeezy designer Bianca Censori in a secret ceremony Thursday, according to reports. While it doesn’t appear the pair’s marriage is technically legal since they have yet to file a marriage certificate, according to TMZ, they were spotted with their new rings as they arrived at the Waldorf Astoria in Beverly Hills Thursday. West was sporting what appeared to be a wedding band on his left hand. Meanwhile, the 45-year-old rapper briefly released a song titled “Censori Overload” — a tribute to his new leading lady. The new track samples Donny Hathaway’s classic 1973 song “Someday We’ll All Be Free,” and was originally shared via his Instagram late-night on December 7, NME reported. It’s since been deleted but the caption shared with the song reportedly read: “Censori overload. The variable epitope library from the antigen promotes an immune response in the body.” The track’s lyrics “address much of the last two months’ controversy,” according to Billboard, including “his strained relationship with ex-wife Kim Kardashian and his now-banned Twitter account.” West and Kardashian, 42, settled their divorce in November after almost seven years of marriage. West dated Julia Fox at the beginning of 2022 — and she claimed to have been “delusional” while with him. He most recently dated Brazilian model Juliana Nalú — who became “single” following West’s antisemitic remarks and praise of Adolf Hitler. Since it appears the “Heartless” singer has settled down again, here’s everything you need to know about West’s new main squeeze, Bianca Censori: The romantic getaway allegedly went down at the Amangiri, a ritzy five-star resort in Canyon Point, Utah with 34 suites and one four-bedroom Mesa home, Daily Mail first reported. The luxury spot is located on 600 acres in the Grand Circle of National Parks and Monuments. Ye and his bae reportedly indulged in the venue’s 25,000-square-foot Aman Spa for treatments based on the healing philosophies of the native Navajo. Rooms range from $3,300 to $6,400 — with an average “suite” rate of $5,000. Prices for the freestanding home property — a 5,853-square-feet villa — are not disclosed to the general public. Censori is an architectural designer at West’s brand Yeezy. According to her LinkedIn profile, she’s been in the role since November 2020 — just over two years. The Post has reached out to Censori — and former colleagues — for comment about how her change in marital status might impact her career trajectory with the brand. In an article for iD in 2016, she listed her age as 21, clocking Censori at around 27 years old — about 15 years younger than West. An interview she did with Vogue linked to her Instagram account, which is no longer active. She also has a Pinterest account where she posts architectural inspirations. Censori is originally from Melbourne, Australia, and now lives in Los Angeles. Censori previously revealed she splits her time between the cities. “The pandemic was the first time in a long time a lot of Australian creatives were brought back to one place,” Censori told Vogue. “Melbourne felt like this melting pot of global creativity. People began to cross disciplines and collaborate in ways I hadn’t experienced before.” “In Melbourne I can cultivate my creativity and LA is where I apply it,” she added. She has both a Bachelor’s and Master’s degree in Architecture from the University of Melbourne, according to her LinkedIn. After graduating high school, she started a jewelry brand called Nylons Jewellery, which she continued to run while she got her degrees. She went on to become a design consultant at Kelektiv and a student architect at DP Toscano Architects from July 2017 to June 2020 before starting her career at Yeezy. She’s usually a brunette, but she recently changed her look to blond — which sparked confusion among West’s fans. It’s unknown exactly when the two met or when their relationship started, but given that Censori started working at Yeezy in November 2020, it’s thought that they met sometime around then. TMZ reported that the pair got married in a private ceremony — but it doesn’t appear the pair filed a marriage certificate to make the union legally binding. A source told the outlet that the ring symbolizes West’s “commitment” to Censori following the ceremony.