A woman who claims she went on a Tinder date with Bryan Kohberger said the 28-year-old accused of brutally slaying four University of Idaho students invited himself into her apartment, then “kept trying to touch” her. The woman allegedly matched with Kohberger, who asked her out to the movies, about seven years ago according to her TikTok video about the bizarre encounter. The woman behind the video, Hayley, allegedly matched with Kohberger on Tinder about seven years ago while she was a psychology student at Penn State Hazelton, she told The Post. Kohberger was also studying psychology at another school nearby, which was a bonding point for the two, Hayley said. “My interactions with Bryan were very brief. I don’t know much about him,” the woman said in her TikTok video posted Monday. “We matched on Tinder, we talked for a couple of hours and then he was like, ‘Hey, you want to go to the movies with me tonight?’ I was like, sure. So we went to the movies,” she said. While the pair only went out once, Hayley told The Post: “He like, completely changed once we were in my dorm so I’m glad I was able to get away.” “I thought he was just going to drop me off, but that was not the case. He kind of invited himself inside,” she said. Once inside Hayley’s room, Kohberger wanted to watch another movie on Netflix — and that’s when things took a creepy turn. “He was very pushy when it came to coming back in my dorm with me. But I didn’t get like scary vibes or anything from that. I just thought he was a stage five clinger because he said he wanted to spend more time with me,” Hayley told The Post. “He kept trying to touch me. Not, like, inappropriately, just trying to tickle me, and like rub my shoulders and stuff and I was like ‘why are you touching me?’” she recalled in her video. Kohberger apparently “got super serious” in response to her accusation and denied touching her. “He’s like, ‘I’m not,’ and I’m like, ‘you are, though,’ and he’s like, ‘I’m not touching you.’ Kind of trying to gaslight me into thinking that he didn’t touch me, which is weird,” she claimed. Hayley said that at this point, she excused herself to go use the shared dorm bathroom — and Kohberger allegedly followed her there. “He didn’t go in with me, but like he stood outside the door … I just thought that was weird,” she said. Realizing she wanted Kohberger to leave but being too socially awkward to ask, Hayley said she pretended to throw up. “It wasn’t because I was scared of him or thought he would hurt me if I asked him to leave. It was just mostly because I’m socially awkward. I didn’t know how to ask him to leave,” Hayley claimed. Kohberger then allegedly messaged Hayley on Tinder to tell her he was leaving. While her plan was successful, Kohberger allegedly texted her about an hour later and said she had “good birthing hips,” Hayley claimed. “So I never talked to him [again],” she added at the very end of her video. When speaking with The Post, Hayley noted she felt it was important to share the story since it “could have been so much different.”  “Bryan was not even the creepiest or scariest Tinder date I’ve been on. I hope that if any young women see my story and think they’re invincible, they learn that taking precautions when going on dates with people you meet online is so important.” Kohberger, a PhD student studying criminology at Washington State University was charged with four counts of murder relating to the brutal stabbing deaths of Ethan Chapin, 20, Xana Kernodle, 20, Madison Mogen, 21, and Kaylee Goncalves, 21. The four friends were all studying at the University of Idaho and living in the town of Moscow at the time of the attacks. They had returned to their off-campus house on the night of Nov. 13 after partying at different locations when the murderer struck around 4 a.m. Two roommates who also lived in the house escaped unscathed, although one had an encounter with the black-clad, masked killer as he exited the house, leaving her frozen in fear. Kohberger — who has been linked to the crime scene by DNA evidence, cellphone data and his car — made his first court appearance in Idaho last Thursday and is being held at the Latah County Jail. He was arrested after authorities raided his family’s Pennsylvania home on Dec. 30, seven weeks after the grisly murders took place in Moscow, about 10 miles from Washington State University’s Pullman campus.