Skincare experts are warning against a viral TikTok trend advising people to use egg whites to remove blackheads. A TikToker shared a video showing how he makes DIY nose strips to tackle blackheads with egg whites and tissue paper. In the TikTok video, Armen Adamjan, also known as @creative_explained, whisks up some egg whites and uses a brush to apply the goo on his nose in between layers of cut-up tissue paper. He lets it sit and harden for 10 to 15 minutes and then slowly peels it off showing the homemade pore strip to the camera, proudly displaying the blackheads he removed. The video went viral with 4.4 million views and thousands of comments from people questioning the simple hack — despite experts warning against it. Skincare guru and founder of Bedew Skin, Rachael Robertson, has advised against the viral skincare trend, claiming that the hack is likely to be ineffective and even potentially dangerous. “Egg white does contain the enzyme lysozyme which could break down bacteria on the skin, however, the whites of the egg are made mostly of water, so the benefits are very limited in comparison to a product designed for purpose. Due to the protein content, it could make your skin feel a bit tighter, but this would only be temporary,” she told The Mirror. “The technique itself might work for surface level dirt and oil in sebaceous filaments which people often confuse for blackheads, but for actual blackheads it just isn’t going to cut it, they need proper extraction. I’m confident the video isn’t real and is not showing the actual result of what he pulled from his nose.” Robertson also noted that while the risk of salmonella is low, it is possible. “Blackheads are a type of comedonal acne that usually affects the face, neck, back and chest (areas with many sebaceous glands),” Tracy Evans, MD, MPH, a board-certified dermatologist and medical director at Pacific Skin and Cosmetic Dermatology, told The Post. “These small bumps are filled with keratin and sebum and are open to the surface of the skin, producing a visually black effect.” While blackheads are frustratingly common, some may be more prone to clogged skin than others depending on one’s specific skin issues. “Either excess sebum is produced by sebaceous glands — which is then trapped below the skin — and accumulates together will oils, bacteria, and dead skin cells to then oxidize, appearing as a small black bump,” Nava Greenfield, MD, a board-certified dermatologist at Schweiger Dermatology Group and clinical instructor at Mount Sinai’s department of dermatology, explained to The Post. “Or, the sweat gland outlet is blocked because of cells that are not adequately shedding; the blockage traps the sweat, which then builds up and oxidizes.” The pesky little acne bumps can be tough to remove, but experts advise against the temptation to squeeze blackheads noting that it can lead to scarring and further damage. The skincare expert recommends that people suffering from blackheads maintain a consistent cleansing routine to clear their skin. Greenfield advises those with blackhead-prone skin to use both a keratolytic, like salicylic acid and a retinoid, to combat the blackhead production by tackling both regulating the sweat gland’s production and exfoliating away the dead skin. Pore strips can be effective for removing some surface-level blackheads and dirt from the skin but are still recommended to be incorporated as a small part of a skincare routine. “They could help if you are struggling with sebaceous filament visibility or surface level dirt and want to keep on top of an area such as the nose or chin,” Robertson said, “but there are far better ways to do this with a good skincare routine that helps to manage and prevent the issue from occurring and is therefore much better for your skin in the long run.”