A Bronx congressman traveled to Long Island on  Tuesday so he and others could bash truth-challenged US Rep. George Santos during a news conference in his own district. US Rep. Ritchie Torres (D-NY) — who co-filed an ethics complaint against Santos last week — appeared at the event in Great Neck with members of the “Concerned Citizens of NY-03” Facebook group. “George Santos has essentially lied about every aspect of his life,” Torres said. “He has essentially pretended to be a biracial, Ukrainian, Belgian, Brazilian volleyball champion and brain cancer survivor whose mother died twice! Including on 9/11.” Torres added: “All of these lies would be laughable were not for the fact that he is a United States congressman.” Also during the event at the four-star Inn at Great Neck, a boutique hotel near the village’s downtown, Jodi Kass Finkel of the Concerned Citizens group said, “We deserve real representation, not a charlatan.” “We want him gone!” Finkel said of Santos (R-NY), whose 3rd District includes parts of Long Island and Queens. On Jan. 10, Torres and freshman Rep. Dan Goldman (D-NY) of Brooklyn filed a complaint against Santos with the House Ethics Committee that alleged he failed “to file timely, accurate, and complete financial disclosure reports as required by law.” Influential House Oversight Committee Chairman James Comer (R-Ky.) on Sunday called Santos a “bad guy” and said that “if he broke campaign finance laws, then he will be removed.” Keeping track of all of NY Rep.-elect George Santos’ lies, from his education to charity falsehoods Finkel also accused House Speaker Kevin McCarthy (R-Calif.) of “insulting the 700,000-plus residents of this district by not pushing him out.” Another member of the group, Susan Rosenfeld Naftol, said the people who elected Santos “didn’t actually vote for him.” “They voted for an illusion he created,” Naftol said. “If the residents knew who he really was, they never would have voted for him.” Santos has acknowledged falsifying important aspects of his resume and family history, as well as his religious beliefs. “I am Catholic,” Santos confessed to The Post late last month. “Because I learned my maternal family had a Jewish background, I said I was ‘Jew-ish.’”