Barbara Walters died last week at 93, but the legendary journalist’s legacy lives on: “The View,” the daytime-TV talker she created in 1997, is the most-watched — and most-talked-about — show in its genre. Some legacy, though: What Walters envisioned as “women of different generations, backgrounds and views” discussing “the topics of the day, mixing humor with intelligent debate,” devolved after she departed as co-host in 2014 into a four-against-one daily catfight with few laughs and even fewer smarts. The New York Times calls it “the most important political TV show in America.” If so, America is in trouble — because “The View” is the biggest source of misinformation in the country. More than 2.4 million people watch “The View” every day — and are less informed for it every day. The show’s moderator is one of its worst offenders. Whoopi Goldberg made headlines last year by declaring “the Holocaust isn’t about race.” Her co-hosts gave her little pushback. Sara Haines added a “No” in agreement while Joy Behar asked her what it was about. “This is white people doing it to white people. So, this is y’all go fight amongst yourselves,” Whoopi said. Sunny Hostin remained silent, and the show’s producers — recognizing a train wreck — played exit music and broke to a commercial. Goldberg apologized, but she confirmed her insincerity last month, repeating her claims and telling The Times of London of the outrage, “You would have thought that I’d taken a big old stinky dump on the table, butt naked.” Actually, that’s not a bad description of an average day on “The View.” Show clips regularly go viral — because the hosts are cringingly crazy. NewsBusters’ Nicholas Fondacaro crunched the numbers and found the show delivered 36 legal notes in 2022 alone. The list, which he provided exclusively to The Post, includes apologies and clarifications on everything from claiming Ivanka Trump was at the Capitol Jan. 6 (she wasn’t) to complaining Russian soprano Anna Netrebko hadn’t denounced the Ukraine war (she had) to insisting Supreme Court Justices Clarence Thomas and Brett Kavanaugh were “credibly accused” of “sexual harassment and sexual assault.” Notice a pattern there? There’s no “intelligent debate” on “The View,” as Walters intended — just reckless lies about people on the right. Thomas’ wife Ginni was the most frequent target of misinformation, resulting in five legal notices alone. The hosts repeatedly said she led a mob to storm the Capitol — though she was never there. But the co-hosts couldn’t even resist undermining the corrections. Goldberg interjected during readings, “What else is she going to say?” and “Y’all know that’s not true!” After Behar tied Rep. Elise Stefanik’s supposed “racist theories” to the Buffalo mass shooter, Hostin had to deliver a correction. (Hostin herself equated parents attending school-board meetings with the Buffalo killer.) “Oh, please!” Behar said as she read it. “It’s in writing!” Ana Navarro insisted — and the show still bills her as a “conservative,” though the CNN pundit voted against Florida Gov. Ron DeSantis and for President Joe Biden. The other “conservative” co-host, Alyssa Farah Griffin, gets regularly piled on, as Elisabeth Hasselbeck, Jedediah Bila and Meghan McCain were in their show stints. In a recent discussion of women in the workplace, Griffin said women can also “be each other’s worst enemies.” Navarro interrupted her with the snide “That’s what happens when you work with Kellyanne Conway.” The show proved Griffin’s point: “I can’t really get a word in without you attacking me, so I wouldn’t say this is a totally different environment of women supporting each other.” Heck, Hostin disparaged a huge group of women just before the midterms. Noting a poll found a shift to Republicans among white suburban women, she declared, “It’s almost like roaches voting for Raid.” The liberal audience loved it. Griffin objected it was “insulting to the voter”; Hostin responded by shouting over her. “They’re voting against their own self-interest!” Sunny knows best, I suppose. Behar took it further and slammed every GOP voter. “You’re not voting for Republicans, you’re voting for a cult. It’s a cult — remember that.” There isn’t enough ink to list all the show’s misinformation. Sometimes it’s the focus of a segment. Sometimes simply in passing, as when Hostin shockingly said she was wrong for calling Donald Trump an “illegitimate” president, and Behar stopped her. “You were not wrong!” When Walters stepped back, the show moved from ABC’s entertainment unit to ABC News — mind-boggling. Of course, “The View” is neither. We know from the Twitter Files that the FBI bombarded the social-media company with fact-checks and complaints to try to quash “misinformation.” If it really want to make a difference, they should assign an agent to watch “The View.” Kelly Jane Torrance is The Post’s op-ed editor.