You want to look drop-dead gorgeous when a new dress arrives — not be told you’re going to drop dead. A Michigan mom was horrified when she opened her order from fast-fashion company Shein, expecting to find her new dress. Instead, she found a sinister note telling her she was going to die. Amanda Ellis, 38, documented the unsettling moment after she received the disturbing notes on TikTok, showing the six separate pieces of paper that fell out, all of them reading: “You are going to die in the suit.” Ellis said she immediately washed her hands and put gloves on, but was worried about what the notes meant. “Little bit worried, [it’s] a bit scary,” she said in the video, which has been viewed over 6 million times. “I will not be wearing this dress nor trying it on,” she continued. “I called the local police department even.” In a follow-up video, Ellis said she was “extremely freaked out” after finding the notes. “I have ordered from them tons of times. Never have I had an issue,” she wrote in a comment. “This completely freaked me out.” “I don’t know if I’ll be purchasing from them anymore,” she added. A spokesperson from Shein told The Post they are in the process of investigating the claim. “[We] have reached out to this customer for more information,” they said. Ellis said she’s waiting to hear back from a Shein supervisor about the situation. Commenters were appalled by the woman’s experience, some suggesting it was a “weird prank” someone had done when returning the item. “The workers probably just bored at the factory,” one user suggested. “Maybe it’s a warning about the chemicals in the dress?” one follower wrote, referring to claims that Shein exceeds chemical limits. “That’s so scary.” Shein has previously come under fire after a viral conspiracy theory that workers were hiding “Help me” messages inside of clothing. The Chinese brand posted videos debunking rumors to its official TikTok account. Shein said that the text on tags that read, “Need your help,” was merely to inform customers to use fabric softener. “Recently, several videos were posted on TikTok that contain misleading and false information about Shein. We want to make it very clear that we take supply chain matters seriously,” a Shein spokesperson said in a statement at the time. “Our strict code of conduct prohibits suppliers from using child or forced labor and we do not tolerate non-compliance.”