After over six months of waiting, Bruce Springsteen and the E Street Band are finally taking off on their long-awaited 2023 tour. And while it may have seemed like it would cost a couple semesters’ worth of college tuition to see the Boss live on his first tour since 2016’s “The River Tour” when tickets went on sale last July, we’re happy to report that last-minute ticket prices to see one of the all-time great live bands have cooled off. In fact, some tickets to see the Rock and Roll Hall of Famer who brought us “Thunder Road,” “Born In The U.S.A.,” “Spirit In The Night,” “Jungleland,” “Dancing In The Dark,” and so many other classics are only $18 before fees on Vivid Seats. That may be an outlier, but many seats can be found for much cheaper than the $4000 sticker tags that inspired hundreds of think pieces in summer 2022 about the state of the ticket industry and Ticketmaster’s dynamic pricing system. How cheap? Great question — we found the lowest prices on upper deck and floor seats for each and every one of Bruce Springsteen and the E Street Band’s 33 North American tour dates. Even better, many ticket prices have dropped since we last reported on Asbury Park’s favorite son in November 2022, too. Want to dig a little deeper? Keep scrolling to find out about the show closest to you.  A complete calendar featuring all dates, venues and links to the cheapest upper deck and floor seats for Bruce Springsteen’s 2023 tour can be found below. Ticket prices that are cheaper than what we reported in November 2022 are in bold. (Note: The New York Post confirmed all above prices at the publication time. All prices are subject to fluctuation and include additional fees at checkout.) Vivid Seats is a verified secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand. They offer a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure, and your tickets will be delivered before the event.  Springsteen, 73, is known for career-spanning three-hour-long sets complete with multiple encores. However, just what he’ll play live at each show on this tour is a toss-up. Will the rocker turned Broadway star turned rocker bust out hits from his 1973 classic debut “Greetings From Asbury Park, N.J.,”  1975’s game-changing “Born To Run,” 1982’s soulful “Nebraska,” the bombastic hit parade “Born In The U.S.A.” or his most recent record 2022’s “Only The Strong Survive?” We can’t say for sure, but we sifted through the archives and found the ten songs he’s played the most over the years. Here are our findings — and also our best bets for what he’ll likely play live on this run of shows: 01.) “Born to Run” 02.) “Thunder Road” 03.) “The Promised Land” 04.) “Badlands” 05.) “Tenth Avenue Freeze-Out” 06.) “Dancing In The Dark” 07.) “Born In The U.S.A.” 08.) “The Rising” 09.) “Rosalita (Come Out Tonight)” 10.) “Hungry Heart” A complete list of all songs Springsteen has played since he began playing live in 1968 (!) can be found on SetList.FM.  Word on the street is that Springsteen and his E Street Band, which includes Garry Tallent, Roy Bittan, Max Weinberg, Steven Van Zandt, Nils Lofgren, Patti Scialfa, Soozie Tyrell, Charles Giordano and Jake Clemons, were allegedly rehearsing at Trenton’s Cure Insurance Arena on Tuesday, Jan. 24 according to the Asbury Park Press. Allegedly, the practice run was for family and friends, but passersby overheard the Rock and Roll Hall of Famers from outside. Fans reported that they played “No Surrender” as well as tracks from their most recent records, “Letter to You and “Only the Strong Survive,” in addition to hits from their massive music catalog.  Along with the tour, Springsteen and the E Street Band recently released their latest record, “Only The Strong Survive,” on Nov. 11, 2022. The 15-track offering features updated spins on well-known soul classics from legendary labels like Motown and Stax. “I wanted to make an album where I just sang,” Springsteen said in a statement. Pitchfork reviewed “Only The Strong Survive” favorably, saying, “Bruce brings heaps of feeling to a new set of some of his favorite, largely obscure soul songs, giving them a confident, faithful, and occasionally synthetic sound.” An official five-minute music video for the soothing single “Nightshift” can be seen below.   Still need more Boss in your life? Look no further. All you have to do is check out Springsteen’s podcast “Renegades: Born in the USA.” In the eight-episode series, the Rock and Roll Hall of Famer sits down with the former President to discuss topics as varied as race, fatherhood and music in bite-sized, 40-minute installments. You can read the book that inspired the podcast, “Renegades: Born in the USA,” here.  This year, Bruce Springsteen will likely dominate the headlines when it comes to classic rockers on the road but don’t be fooled — many of the late 20th century’s greatest hitmakers will be trekking all over the country too. Here are just five of our favorite acts you won’t want to miss live in the next few months. • Billy Joel with Stevie Nicks • Dead and Company with John Mayer • Ringo Starr • Eagles • John Mellencamp Not enough classic rock for you? Not a problem. Check out our list of the 22 biggest classic rockers on tour in 2023 here.