Sid Rosenberg’s Monday to Friday early morning talk show “Sid & Friends” is WABC radio’s top ratings grabber. He’s interviewed everyone. He missed only Putin, but that’s probably because Sid’s mouth is bigger. So of course he’s friendly with Chris Cuomo. It’s shake hands, back pats, exchange pleasantries, pose for photos together, Chris even texted Sid a Happy New Year. Sid: “So listen to what happened. I invite him to be on the show. I tell him, ‘Come on Tuesday.’ “Suddenly he says, ‘Wait a second. You’ve been talking s — t about my brother.’ Then he talks about me being very lucky that he hasn’t gotten his arm around my neck because, again, ‘You’re talking s - - t about my brother.’ “Next, he texts me and he says, ‘And I’m not going to take this anymore.’ “Like, take what? And what this guy does is he begins knocking me for three days. “He next tells mutual friends that if a million dollars is put up he’ll fight me in the ring. For charity. “What the f -—k is this? I’m not afraid of him — but I’m going to fight in a ring over a text?! And he sends word: ‘Trust me, this is going to happen.’ ” What’s the reasoning behind his behavior? “Can only be because Chris’ career is now ruined. He’s managed to land on a program that only 10 people watch and he needs attention.” We know Monica Bellucci’s in the one-woman show “Maria Callas: Letters & Memoirs.” Me, I know Maria Callas not only sang for Greek shipowner Aristotle Onassis — but her extra added attractions for him also made HIM sing. Bellucci recites some of the opera star’s previously unpublished letters. Like when her longtime lover unloaded opera’s empress (Callas) for America’s queen — Jackie Kennedy. Wild were her words: “Don’t talk to me about rules. Wherever I am I make the goddamn rules.” She’s gone. He’s gone. Jackie’s gone. Living now are callous Callas’ words: “Only when my enemies stop hissing shall I know I am slipping.” Alleged liar, and could-be possible four-star triple-A lowlife, George Santos has a high-class upscale lifestyle. Despite where those shekels drop from, he lives top of the line. Apart from his non-kosher aroma, this very week he flew DC to LGA. Delta. Flight DL5601. His semi-truthful ass sat first class. Seat 2C. On a previous ride he dropped his behind right into the VIP first row back of the pilot. Who/what is underwriting this Class A lifestyle? Saturday afternoon, slim trim Jerry Nadler is at the UWS Häagen-Dazs on 72nd. He bought a pint of ice cream then lumbered his large behind into a Chevy. Despite the contortions he never let go of the container of ice cream. Did his skinny driver get any? No. . . . Meanwhile, Obama’s kid Malia is at the Brooklyn social club Dumbo House. On a laptop. And she stepped away a few times to smoke a cigarette. And all of this was only in New York, kids, only in New York.