Whether you’re traveling internationally or want to broaden your communication reach, the process of learning new languages can be imperative yet exhausting. Educational courses are prevalent but they can quickly become complicated and expensive. Rather than investing that level of time, effort and finances into the process, how about the possibility of an affordable piece of technology that can break down those language barriers? The Peiko Generation 2 wireless translator earbuds accomplish just that, and it currently comes for a surprisingly low price of $79.99. Normally sold for $125, these innovative earbuds have earned a perfect five-star rating from more than 40 percent of verified reviews, featuring one from John Alabano that reads, “Installed the app, downloaded the instructions, connected the Bluetooth and within minutes I was up and running. My initial test was some basic French and Spanish phrases. Worked perfectly. Next was the big test — Russian. Brought it to a Russian friend and asked them to say a sentence in Russian. What they said was written out on my screen and translated to English. … Quick, reasonably accurate translations. Impressed.” These translator earbuds are powered by AI technology that allows users to translate a single recording into up to 50 language variations at the same time. You can rely on them for up to 10 hours of use on a complete charge, which takes only two hours to achieve from a dead battery. Equipped with a highly sensitive microphone, these earbuds accurately reveal sentence structures that would otherwise result in frustrations for both sides. Now the conversation can flow more freely, whether you are communicating in person or via a virtual chat. Weighing only seven ounces, these earbuds pack plenty of power, featuring Bluetooth 5.0 connectivity with transmission from a distance of beyond 30 feet. This package comes with a charging case and cable, along with a quick start manual to get you underway without issues. Discover life-enriching conversations today and for years to come by purchasing the Peiko Generation 2 wireless translator earbuds for only $79.99 (reg. $125) with no coupon required. Prices subject to change.