Don’t quote us but we’re pretty sure that William Shatner is the oldest person on tour in 2023. At 91 years young, the former “Star Trek” and “Boston Legal” star barely edges out Willie Nelson (89) and Frankie Valli (88) — both of whom are on the road this year — when he takes his show on the road from January through March as part of his upcoming “Beam Me Up Tour.” Each show is set to begin with a screening of Shatner’s classic film “Star Trek 2: Wrath of Khan” and will be followed by a conversation with Captain Kirk himself where he shares behind the scenes stories from his legendary career and answers questions from the audience. And let’s be honest — we all want to know what his experience in space in 2021 was really like. OK, let’s go back to Earth for a second. While Shatner isn’t set to step foot in NYC on the 11-show run, he will come close with his two New Jersey gigs at Red Bank’s Hackensack Meridian Health Theatre on Feb. 10 and Englewood’s Bergen Performing Arts Center on Feb. 11. Tickets aren’t too pricey either — in fact, some shows have seats going for as low as $20 before fees on Vivid Seats. That’s more than a fair price to see the man who did the most original version of “Lucy In The Sky With Diamonds” live. So, if you want to see Shatner live in the next few months, here’s everything you need to know to get “Beamed Up.”  A complete calendar including all of William Shatner’s upcoming tour dates, venues and the cheapest tickets available for each show can be found below. (Note: The New York Post confirmed all above prices at the publication time. All prices are subject to fluctuation and include additional fees at checkout.) Vivid Seats is a verified secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand. They offer a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and your tickets will be delivered prior to the event.  In October, the “T.J. Hooker” star’s book “Boldly Go: Reflections on a Life of Awe and Wonder” hit shelves all over the world. The collection of essays, sees the iconic actor and personality muse about “the interconnectivity of all things, our fragile bond with nature, and the joy that comes from exploration.” Want to read it ASAP? You “KHAAAAAAAAAN!” by buying the book here.  Seeing Shatner live is a bit of a novelty — something you can share at dinner parties with friends for years. Here are five more, equally intriguing stars on the road this year that you’ll want to tell folks about. • Mandy Patinkin • Neil DeGrasse Tyson • Fran Lebowitz • David Sedaris • Steve Martin and Martin Short