It’s time to start talking about Cinema’s Biggest Night. Just a few short hours ago, “M3gan”‘s Allison Williams, and Academy Award Nominee Riz Ahmed read out a list of our official nominees, and officially began the race for this year’s best movie. Put simply: the films that win cinema’s highest honor stay with us, shaping the state of movie-making, and culture writ-large, for years to come. Who among us doesn’t remember when “Coda” fever swept the nation after its historic Best Picture win at last year’s Academy Awards? How many households across the nation have already sat down for their annual rewatch of 2012 Best Picture winner “The Artist” in 2023? By our estimates, millions. Now, 10 more films are in contention for the top spot, alongside 20 actors vying for various performance awards, five directors jockeying to earn a Best Directing credit,  plus screenwriters, set designers, producers, VFX artists, makeup specialists, and a ton of others. If you missed your opportunity to see a lot of the nominees this year, don’t fret: many of them are streaming already. Below, we’ve rounded up the streaming services (and deals) that are showing Oscar nominated films, performances, and more, including HBO Max, Amazon Prime Video, and more. Two of this year’s buzziest movies are streaming for free now with an HBO Max subscription: Baz Luhrmann’s biopic “Elvis,” and Martin McDonaugh’s black comedy “The Banshees of Inisherin.” If you’re into seeing dudes being a little sad, and/or jamming to some oldies, an HBO Max subscription is for you. Plans start at $9.99 a month. Catch this year’s buzziest movie (and Best Picture frontrunner) “Everything Everywhere All at Once” through Prime Video, with their Showtime Channel add-on, and see for yourself what all the fuss is about. In addition to a Best Picture nom, “EEAAO” earned a whopping ten other nominations, making it the most nominated film of the year, and you can stream it now with a 7 day free trial to the Showtime Channel on Prime Video. Better yet: it only runs you $10.99/month after you trial expires. Up until just a few weeks ago, “Top Gun: Maverick” was 2022’s highest grossing movie, (thanks “Avatar”), and for good reason. This high-octane sequel was the perfect summer blockbuster, and makes for a great January movie-night-in. Stream it now through Prime Video with the Paramount+ channel add-on, starting with a 7 day free trial, followed by a $9.99 monthly fee. We’re a little early on this, but don’t miss “Black Panther: Wakanda Forever,” the blockbuster sequel to 2018’s “Black Panther” when it hits Disney+ on Feb. 1. One of the highest-grossing movies of 2022, “Black Panther: Wakanda Forever” earned nods for Angela Basset, for Best Supporting Actress, as well as awards for Best Original Song and Visual Effects. Plus, Disney+ now offers a cheaper, ad-supported model for just $7.99/month. Netflix might not have as many Oscar frontrunners in years past, but there’s still a few reasons to tune in to the OG streamer this awards season. Guillermo Del Toro’s “Pinocchio,” for one, leads the race for Best Animated Picture, “Blonde,” which earned a Best Actress nomination for Ana De Armas, and “All Quiet on the Western Front,” which stands at second, tied with “The Banshees of Inisherin” for overall nominations. Plans for Netflix now begin at just $6.99/month. For more content, check out the New York Post Shopping section.  