Lawmakers expressed outrage Monday over the shoplifting crisis that’s killing local businesses — including by calling for the return of 1990s-style law enforcement in the wake of complaints from nearly 4,000 grocers. “It’s utterly ridiculous that a small subset of career criminals make up 30% of shoplifting arrests in 2022,” said City Councilman Robert Holden (D-Queens), citing alarming statistics that the NYPD revealed last week that 327 career crooks were busted a total of about 6,600 times. “We can’t have this revolving door of criminality in our state — it’s time to dust off the successful tactics from the ’90s in New York City, which actually worked to reduce crime.” Councilwoman Julie Menin (D-Manhattan), who chairs the Small Business Committee, also said she’s planning a joint hearing with the Public Safety Committee because “we urgently need solutions to address this issue.” On Sunday, The Post exclusively reported that a new coalition of grocers was demanding a rollback of the state’s controversial, 2019 bail reform law to target “repeat theft offenders” and a new law so prosecutors can combine cases to charge a serial shoplifter with felony grand larceny instead of multiple misdemeanors. The Collective Action to Protect our Stores group also wants retail workers covered by the same law that makes it a felony to assault cops, MTA workers and livery drivers. State Senate Minority Leader Robert Ortt (R-Lockport) said he was “very confident” that his GOP conference “absolutely would support” the CAPS proposals “and maybe even additional ones.” But “getting my colleagues across the aisle to enact a new crime -– I might be able to invent a new fusion power cell faster than that,” he said. Assembly Minority Leader Will Barclay (R-Fulton) also said that business owners were “rightfully fed up and things need to change. “The attacks and damages storeowners are suffering are the direct result of Democrats turning a blind eye to crime,” Barclay said. “Increasing penalties on repeat offenders is overdue and something Albany should move on immediately.” Assemblywoman Inez Dickens (D-Harlem) described herself as  “the lone wolf in Albany” among Democrats when it comes to rolling back bail reform. “You have to have some common sense reasoning. There need to be some changes,” she said. “I went into a fish store the other day and someone just walked in and stole the biggest fish and walked out. I thought it was terrible.” Dickens added: “This is ridiculous. These crimes are happening in communities of color…Our small business owners — black-owned, brown-owned, Asian-owned — are struggling to survive.” A spokesperson for Manhattan District Attorney Alvin Bragg, who has been lambasted as soft on crime, said that “the rise in shoplifting that we are seeing citywide post-COVID is unacceptable” and that Bragg’s office has used a provision known as “harm on harm” to seek bail for serial shoplifters on a case-by-case basis. Bragg’s office didn’t say how many times it’s actually invoked the rule, which The Post last month revealed had been used against ex-con Wilfredo Ocasio after he was busted in 27 new thefts from Manhattan pharmacies. The move came after Bragg’s office earlier said it pursued just two of nearly two dozen other cases against Ocasio because it would have been a “waste of resources” to seek justice in every one of them. Queens DA Melinda Katz also said, “I have and will continue making effective use of the harm on harm doctrine to go after the most frequent offenders” and a spokesman for Brooklyn DA Eric Gonzalez said prosecutors “have been doing that already as it relates to serial thieves.” A spokesperson for Bronx DA Darcel Clark said prosecutors “ask for bail on retail theft recidivists” and said the DA’s Crime Strategies Bureau had identified the “top 57 recidivists,” of whom “17 are currently incarcerated, six took treatment pleas and 16 have pending cases.” Staten Island DA Michael McMahon said, “I applaud and wholeheartedly support the CAPS coalition for sending a message to Albany and City Hall to demand justice for our hard-working, honest business owners. They deserve our total support as they survive in a sea of lawlessness.” Meanwhile, far from the bustling Big Apple, Albany County DA David Soares said he’d seen “similar trends related to larceny in our jurisdiction” and favored the “aggregation” of cases so shoplifters can be slapped with felonies. “We support any measures allowing prosecutors to do their jobs more effectively,” Soares said. “Not only does repeated theft have a negative impact on business, but a failure to stop the cycle also has a negative impact on the defendant, who may be in need of intervention and treatment.” Assembly Speaker Carl Heastie (D-The Bronx) sidestepped a question from The Post about the reform proposals on Monday, saying, “I think we have to realize that justice is really done at the disposition of the case.” A spokesperson for Senate Majority Leader Andrea Stewart-Cousins (D-Yonkers) declined to comment and a spokesperson for Gov. Kathy Hochul referred back to comments she made last week. “I’ll be addressing public safety very thoroughly in a matter of days in my State of the State [address],” Hochul told reporters on Friday. That speech is scheduled for 1 p.m. Tuesday.