The Bills had a dramatic end to their 2023 regular season. In Week 17,  safety Damar Hamlin collapsed on the field due to cardiac arrest after tackling Tee Higgins of the Cincinnati Bengals. Following the stunning event, the game was suspended. Now, they’re ready and raring to go in their second game back — a high-stakes AFC Wild Card matchup against the Miami Dolphins. However, Mike McDaniel’s scrappy 9-8 Dolphins are prepared to fight back behind third-string rookie quarterback Skylar Thompson since Teddy Bridgewater and starter Tua Tagovailoa are out with injuries. Do they have what it takes to topple Sean McDermott’s 13-3 squad, that is led by quarterback Josh Allen and wide receiver Stefon Diggs? We can’t say for sure, but we do know the best way to find out is live. And if you want to catch the Jan. 15 game at Orchard Park, NY’s Highmark Stadium, you still can. At the time of publication, the lowest price we could find on tickets was $107 before fees on Vivid Seats. For fans who want to see Pro Bowlers Josh Allen and Tyreek Hill up close and personal, lower-level seats can be snagged for as low as $153 before fees. All prices are subject to fluctuation. Kickoff is at 1:05 p.m. EST.  The end of the Bills’ season was dominated by the Damar Hamlin story that shocked and shook the news cycle. If you want to stay up to date on Hamlin’s health, what exactly happened and where a potential neutral AFC Championship location should the team advance, check out the NY Post’s coverage of the team here.  As noted earlier, starting quarterback Tua Tagovailoa is sitting the AFC Wild Card game out. He’ll be sidelined due to a concussion that left him on the bench for the last two games of the regular season. Click here to read all NY Post stories about the Dolphins, Tagovailoa and the rumors swirling that Tom Brady may be headed to Miami.  Don’t want to brave Buffalo weather in January? We don’t blame you. If you’d prefer to watch the two elite squads duke it out on your flatscreen, you can on CBS. Streaming options include NFL+ and Paramount+.  Just a few weeks into the new year and many amazing tours have already been announced. Here are just five of our favorites you won’t want to miss in the next few months. • Bruce Springsteen and the E Street Band • Metallica • Morgan Wallen • Journey • Billy Joel with Stevie Nicks A comprehensive list of 52 of the biggest 2023 tours can be found here.