This Sin City chateau is more than meets the eye. A sprawling Nevada estate has hit the market, and its listing reveals that in addition to its obvious offerings, it also hides a target gallery and multiple concealed spaces. “The home looks relatively unassuming from the front but is in fact built like a boutique hotel with 11 bedrooms and 16 bathrooms,” Douglas Elliman agent Don Kuhl, who holds the $7.9 million listing, told The Post of the property. “Beyond the scale of the home, it is filled with tremendous millwork, secret doors and rooms, a gym and a gun range.” An uncommon feature in luxury listings, there’s a gun range included in the sale — and it’s currently decorated with a mural of a blue sky and mountains. The listing’s image of the space also shows storage for guns and ammo — and a long space to place targets at the end of. What’s more, the stucco-roofed behemoth also boasts a four-car garage and a dual-bay RV garage capable of containing two tour buses if needed. There’s also a grotto style-pool and spa, and a 15-seat home movie theater complete with an “extravagant marquee” entry, according to the listing. There’s a rambling foyer sized more for a large hotel than a family house, exterior water features galore, a massage room and, at the end of one hallway, a built-in aquarium. In keeping with the hotel energy, there’s a healthy mix of wall-to-wall carpeting, patterned marble and wood on the floors throughout. Bad knees? There’s even an elevator. The address is located in The Hills South, a guard-gated Las Vegas development constructed in 1991. (This specific dwelling was completed in 1998.) Since its construction, the arms-happy abode has undergone more than $3 million in “upgrades and high-end finishes,” including the addition of various crown moldings and other woodwork details. Other amenities include a gym, a casino game room, a restaurant-sized kitchen with “extensive outdoor cooking options,” an ivy-lined entry, a European-style courtyard and a two-storied portico. In all, the house measures 21,835 square feet and is set on .9 landscaped and palm tree-filled acres overlooking the 4th fairway of the development’s private golf course.