Oprah Winfrey capped off 2022 with a gratitude hike and a celebratory loaf of her favorite thing: bread. The queen of all media chronicled a 10-mile expedition she dubbed a “gratitude hike,” with friends, including “CBS Mornings” anchor Gayle King, in a series of Instagram videos posted Sunday. In them, the talk show host is clad in a bubble-gum pink tracksuit and hiking gear as she marches up hilly terrain more than a year after knee surgery left her temporarily immobile. “A year ago, I had knee surgery, November of last year.  I couldn’t walk, period,” Winfrey said in a reel to her nearly 22 million followers, while sporting hiking boots and toting trekking poles. “So I am an ad for new knees.” Then the reel cuts to Winfrey reporting from the top of the mountain, taking in a breath of fresh air and greenery. “So we made it to the top,” the billionaire media mogul said, appreciating nature in all its glory. “It’s just incredible — and I cannot describe how peaceful and still it is. It’s really quiet. It’s still and quiet.” Just as the sun started setting, 68-year-old Winfrey is seen on the final leg of her hike singing — literally — from the top. “With every breath that I’m able, I’m going to sing the goodness of God,” she sings, relishing her recovery and accomplishment. “Made it to the finish line. This is a grateful hike.” And of course, the hike couldn’t be complete without the former WeightWatchers spokesperson’s favorite food group — a massive loaf of sourdough bread. “I love bread! I love bread,” she exclaims her signature catch phrase that’s spawned memes all over social media. Winfrey is seen having a celebratory picnic while her friends indulge in beignets, banana bread and an assortment of cheeses. “It seems like a real good idea,” Winfrey says of the carb-loading. In a follow-up post, she shared that King made it up the mountain in seven hours. “Here you go — she says her toes hurt today,” Winfrey said of her best friend. Winfrey has expressed a surplus of gratitude as of late. She took to social media over the weekend to honor late television journalist Barbara Walters, crediting the icon for inspiring the start of her own media career more than three decades ago. “Without Barbara Walters, there wouldn’t have been me — nor any other woman you see on evening, morning and daily news,” Winfrey praised. “She was indeed a trailblazer. I did my very first television audition with her in mind the whole time. Grateful that she was such a powerful and gracious role model.”