Jordan Poyer has some advice for Tom Brady: retire and spend time with your kids. During the latest installment of “The Jordan Poyer Podcast” with Volume Sports, the Bills safety said it was hard to watch the Buccaneers quarterback struggle in Monday’s season-ending wild-card loss to the Cowboys — and urged Brady to call it a career. “Tom, you know I love you, and I feel like I’ve been riding for you all year,” Poyer said. “Early on, you can go back to my podcast, I said ‘you can’t count Tom out.’ … And sure as s–t he made the playoffs. You did everything you could’ve did in this league. I understand you love this game. Go be with your kids, man. “I didn’t like watching that game. It was hard to watch. You’re down 27-0 at halftime (it was 18-0). He was defeated. You could see he was defeated. I still think he obviously knows everything about everything, the insides and out of football. But it does take 11 to play the game. Go be with your kids, Tom. I appreciate everything you’ve done in this league. I got two picks off of you, one to the crib. Lost both games. I’m 0-11 against you. Yes, please go. Go be with your kids, Tom.” Brady and his ex-wife, supermodel Gisele Bundchen have two children together, daughter Vivian, 10, and 13-year-old son Benjamin. The quarterback also has a 15-year-old son Jack with ex, actress Bridget Moynahan. In October, Brady and Bundchen announced they had finalized their divorce after 13 years of marriage — which came after Page Six was first to report in September that they were navigating martial issues. All eyes are on Brady now. The 45-year-old is a free agent for the second time in his career. The quarterback — who’s been linked to Dolphins, Raiders, Titans and 49ers — could return to Tampa for a 24th NFL season, take his talents to another team, or retire for good. Following Monday’s game, Brady held a somber press conference, in which he thanked the media for their support amid a challenging year and praised the Buccaneers organization — but did not hint at his future plans. “I just want to say thank you guys for everything this year,” Brady told reporters. “I really appreciate all your effort. And I know it’s hard for you guys, too. It’s hard for us players to make it through, and you guys got a tough job. And I appreciate all that you guys do to cover us and everyone who watches and is a big fan of the sport. “We’re very grateful for everyone’s support. You know, I love this organization. It’s a great place to be. Thank you everybody for welcoming me, all you regulars. And just very grateful for the respect, and I hope I gave the same thing back to you guys. So thank you very much.” After leading the Buccaneers to a Super Bowl win over the Chiefs in 2021, Brady retired briefly last February — only to announce his return to the NFL 40 days later. It was one of Brady’s most challenging seasons on and off the field as he dealt with his divorce and an injury-riddled Buccaneers team, whose offense fell flat. Despite winning the NFC South for the second consecutive season, their 8-9 record marked Brady’s first losing campaign in his career. As Tampa Bay awaits Brady’s next move — on Wednesday, his former Patriots teammate Julian Edelman said if he does return for another season, “it’s not gonna be in Tampa Bay” — it is already making moves to overhaul its offense. The team fired offensive coordinator Byron Leftwich on Thursday. When Brady decides to retire, he’ll have a job waiting for him with Fox Sports as its lead analyst. The Post’s Andrew Marchand reported last May that Brady signed a 10-year, $375 million deal with Fox Sports. The Bills will face the Bengals in the AFC Divisional Round playoff game on Sunday.