It could have been a scene straight out of “Jaws.” Swimmers at Hillary’s Dog Beach near Perth, Western Australia, came dangerously close to death on Dec. 28 after a tiger shark was spotted lurking near the shore. Heart-stopping drone footage captured by beachgoer Sam Wood shows the giant predator in the clear and iridescent Aussie waters — just meters from unsuspecting bathers. At one point, the shark can be seen charging toward one woman before it drastically does a U-turn, deciding it’s uninterested in her. “I was worried that this could be an attack, and obviously I was quite scared,” Wood told a local news outlet following the shark sighting. The local said he was filming with his drone about 800 meters back from the beach and ran down to the shore once he realized there was a shark in the shallows. All swimmers were quickly removed from the water and an attack was avoided. Viewers who saw the local report on the shark sighting took to Facebook to share their thoughts, with many Western Australian residents saying it’s not at all uncommon to spot the predators. “Over a six-month time period, I’ve seen six sharks … Now I just don’t swim anymore,” one wrote. “No surprise to me. I’ve seen stuff like this in life. I’ve seen rays and sharks over 5 ft come within 2 ft of swimmers in waist-deep water and not have a clue,” another chimed in. A third declared: “I was under the impression that western Australian waters were full of sharks and ones that like the shallows. I love the coastline there but I wouldn’t go swimming.” Indeed, shark attacks in Western Australia are not unheard of. Back in October, a man nearly had his arm severed after being bitten by a shark while spearfishing in the area. But it’s not just Australia experiencing an uptick in shark sightings and attacks. This past summer, the East Coast of the US experienced a shark scourge with a spate of attacks. There were also several shark sightings and attacks in Florida, with one viral video showing two sharks circling swimmers frolicking in the water at a Jacksonville beach.