Martha Stewart is responding to those who dare challenge her au naturel “Queen of the Thirst Trap” status. Lifestyle icon Martha Stewart shocked social media Sunday after posting several photos on Instagram of herself in a salon looking flawlessly youthful — and claiming that there were no touch-ups to the snaps. “Lying in the shampoo area of @FredericFekkai the light was perfect for a new selfie,” Stewart, 81, posted. “Absolutely no re-imaging!!! Skin looking good after a mostly dry January and pilates @bedfordpilates every other day. By re-imaging, I meant no filtering my selfie!” Doubters were quick to respond with a barrage of comments, including this one: “You look amazing but be honest about your facial regimen. Using Botox, fillers, laser treatments, etc. to help enhance your beauty it’s not just diet, exercise and facials.” A few hours later, Stewart retaliated to trolls with three more selfies detailing that her skin is so radiant due to a combination of facials, great dermatologists, dieting and exercise. “These are the other three selfies I took. My expression was better in the first one but my skin looks great in all of them. Un filtered. No face lift,” said Stewart in the caption. “Great derms my whole life. Currently dr Daniel Belkin and dr Dhaval Bhanusali great diet. Great exercise and did I mention amazing facials @mariobadescu for the last forty years!” Of course, this is not the first time the lifestyle entrepreneur has posted one of her now-legendary “thirst traps.” In November 2022, the TV personality shared a sultry photo of herself sporting fluffed-up blonde hair and large golden earrings. “{I’m] in the Miami beach/art basel vibe. Bare shoulders, great hair by Simona, and makeup by the incomparable @daisybeautytoye,” captioned the photo. The DIY Queen first made Instagram users feel the need to cool down after posting a photo in 2020 of her in her pool at her East Hampton home. Stewart got saucy with her photos again in 2022 when she posted a bare-shoulders video of her in nothing but an apron and drinking a coffee. Meanwhile, some of Stewart’s fans called out the iconic ex-con Sunday night, accusing her of not being truthful about her posts. “Yes, money and power. You can buy the best I cannot afford a facial. there’s no way,” ranted one disgruntled social media user. “Thanks for that, for everything you do to support as little ones by bragging about what you have. Hey, you’re honest right? U mean the best.” “Me waking up to Martha Stewart telling me ‘pores are for poors,’ ” joked another commenter. Meanwhile, celebrity makeup artist Kristofer Buckle chimed in: “Don’t defend your beauty … every time I have done your makeup I have been impressed by your beautiful skin.”