This TikToker has a husband and a boyfriend — and a lot of haters. User @middlespoonpodcast, known as Sarah, posts videos about her throuple on TikTok and Instagram, answering questions from her legion of followers about her open relationship. In a TikTok uploaded this week, she confronted the criticism she receives. “Being in a polyamorous relationship with two men who don’t currently have other partners … You will be … hated!” she notes in the video, which has attracted 171,400 views. “Apparently I’m selfish, egotistical, delusional, narcissistic, and I should let them go,” Sarah captioned the clip. In another TikTok, she addressed the argument that she should give walking papers to her husband, Ryan, or her boyfriend, Ronnie. “I love how everybody keeps telling me that I should dump my husband or my boyfriend,” Sarah retorts in the clip. “Like, you do realize that they’re just going to end up in another polyamorous relationship, right? They don’t want me to dump them. If they wanted to dump [each other], they would dump me … I would hope … I would assume,” she argued. Yet, haters continue to leave rude remarks on her videos. “Any guy that doesn’t mind another guy poking u doesn’t truly love u. if he did he wouldn’t be able to take that,” one user declared. “What a sinful world we live in!” another exclaimed. “Poor lads feel so sorry for them both,” a third lamented. “I’d rather be alone for the rest of my life than have to live like that,” another emphasized. Polyamory is not all that uncommon these days. A 2021 study published in Frontiers in Psychology found that one in six respondents wanted to try polyamory, while one in nine reported being polyamorous at some point in their lives. In a recent TikTok, Sarah asked both of her men to share their favorite thing about the other. Her husband praised her boyfriend’s cooking abilities, which means he doesn’t have to make dinner. Her boyfriend sweetly said of her husband: “The way he treats you with love and respect no matter what — because you deserve that!” “I’m a lucky girl!” Sarah captioned the video. The throuple seems to have settled into a happy relationship, enjoying three-way dates. Sarah even shared their sleeping arrangements. In the clip, the men are seen sleeping in their own beds with their hands duct-taped. When one viewer caught on and asked why the men were taped, Sarah responded, “‘Cause everyone already thinks I’m holding them hostage.” And while Sarah often faces hateful comments, she also receives lots of support. “Living her best life,” one viewer commended. “You lucky girl,” another replied.