Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez is blasting Judge Hector LaSalle over his moderate judicial record while urging supporters to pressure state senators to scuttle his bid to become the first Latino leader of New York’s highest court. “New York deserves a Chief Judge who can make history without contradicting our communities’ values or putting our rights at risk. We deserve so much better,” reads a Wednesday email to supporters. LaSalle has endured withering criticism from left-wing pols, unions and activists like Ocasio-Cortez ever since Gov. Kathy Hochul announced his nomination to lead the Court of Appeals. But fellow Latinos like MTA Chairman Fernando Ferrer say Ocasio-Cortez has it all wrong about LaSalle, who currently serves as the presiding judge of the Appellate Division of the Second Judicial Department of the state Supreme Court. “She certainly doesn’t speak for all Latinos,” Ferrer told The Post Wednesday. “This is a distinguished jurist. No one has disproven his bona fides for this job.” LaSalle supporters like the former Bronx borough president and longtime champion of liberal causes like LGBTQ rights and police accountability say critics are wrong to call the former prosecutor a “conservative” as Ocasio-Cortez did while trying to get supporters to call state senators to urge them to vote no on LaSalle. “You really can use language to illuminate and as a weapon. In this case, using language here is amounting to disinformation. Calling him a conservative, that makes me a conservative and anybody would laugh in your face if you called me a conservative,” Ferrer said. LaSalle, who is of Puerto Rican ancestry, has the support of prominent Latinos like Reps. Adriano Espaillat, Nydia Velázquez, and Ritchie Torres as well as state Sens. Monica Martinez, Luis Sepúlveda and Brooklyn District Attorney Eric Gonzalez. A spokesman for a group called Latinos for LaSalle noted that progressive like Ocasio-Cortez made much less fuss over previous nominees to the Court of Appeals. “The Congresswoman is entitled to let her conscience dictate her position concerning the most qualified jurist for the highest position in the court. She must also answer the question of how did the most progressive senators in the state vote to confirm [them],” the spokesman said in a statement. Other members of the Latino on the political left say the state Senate ought to vote down LaSalle if Hochul does not withdraw his nomination before a confirmation hearing expected next week. “This is an incredibly important role and we need the right person for the job. Latinos deserve representation at the highest levels of the legal system, but we also need courts that respect workers and the right to organize. We can’t compromise our values,” state Sen. Jessica Ramos (D-Queens) said Dec. 29 while announcing she would vote against his confirmation. Hochul has stood by LaSalle despite the pushback while saying she will do whatever it takes to get him confirmed despite state Senate Majority Leader Andrea Stewart-Cousins recently saying he lacks the support to get past state Senate Democrats. Ferrer said ordinary Latinos in New York are likely confused about the fight over LaSalle considering his credentials for the job and moderate record as a jurist compared to avowed conservatives on the federal bench like Supreme Court Associate Justices Neil Gorsuch and Amy Coney Barrett. “There is a fight among the political class of Latinos and the rest of the community is scratching its head asking ‘What is going what’s going on?'” Ferrer said.