Just about every connected device you have can be used to spy on you, and this isn’t limited to smart speakers and webcams. Many smart TVs come equipped with cameras that you don’t even know exist. You probably know a few people who prefer texting over calling. It’s a convenient and familiar way to stay in touch and exchange information. If you prefer text messages over voice calls, you’re not alone! But those texts should be kept between the people writing them, right? That’s not always the case, as there are numerous ways others can intercept your messages. Here’s how to know you’re being spied on. Apple iMessage texts can get intercepted by someone close to you using a connected device. There are a couple of ways they can do this. First, there’s message forwarding. You can use this feature to forward messages to another device automatically. The thing is, someone else can do the same. Here’s how to check if it’s enabled: You can also use a code to see if your calls and texts are being forwarded: Here you’ll see details on the activity of your calls, SMS messages and even faxes. If they are listed as Disabled, you’re OK. Tap Dismiss when you’re finished looking at the data to go back to the regular screen. If you find any issues with your phone settings, someone likely got into your phone, iCloud account or both. Change your passwords and PINs immediately. Developers advertise their spyware as a way to protect your children from predators and make sure bad actors aren’t scamming your loved ones. Sure, it makes sense, but there’s no preventing someone with bad intentions from using this software to keep tabs on you. One popular app, mSpy, boasts the ability to monitor text messages, calls and social media interactions. The app can be installed remotely on an iPhone if you have the proper iCloud credentials. For Android phones, someone will need to install it on the phone directly. Once that’s done, your messages and more can be intercepted. Someone can access your past messages via iCloud and Android backup apps such as Dr. Fone, which can be installed on a PC. Once they’re in there, they can see all your past messages. mSpy certainly isn’t the only app of its type out there. The people behind these apps aren’t shy about naming their apps. Other apps to watch out for include SpyBubble, XNSPY, Cocospy, Spyera, EyeZy, uMobix and Hoverwatch. This is not an exhaustive list, but for the most part, the clues are in the names themselves. Change your PINs and passwords if you suspect someone is spying on you. Tap or click here for 10 tips to secure your devices with strong passwords. Start by checking your apps. Are there any unfamiliar ones that you don’t remember installing? Get rid of them! This is a good practice to perform regularly. There are signs to know if your phone is infected with spyware, malware or viruses: