Cowboys linebacker Micah Parsons wasn’t selected to the NFL Players Association’s inaugural All-Pro Team, and he didn’t hesitate to make his thoughts about the snub known. “Man I’m in playoff mode fu** that list!” Parsons tweeted Wednesday. “Congrats to those that made it tho! They deserve it !” Roquan Smith from the Ravens and Fred Warner from the 49ers were the list’s two off-ball linebackers, according to ESPN’s Adam Schefter. Parsons, the 23-year-old former first round pick out of Penn State, recorded 13.5 sacks and recovered three fumbles this season. It followed up his rookie-year performance of 13 sacks, 84 combined tackles, 20 tackles for loss and 30 quarterback hits. He added nine tackles — including a tackle for loss — in the 2021 playoffs. Parsons has been selected to the Pro Bowl in each of his first two seasons, and he was named a First-Team AP All-Pro in 2021. He was also the NFL’s defensive rookie of the year. Both the Chiefs and the Raiders had a pair of offensive players included on the list, with Patrick Mahomes and Travis Kelce from Kansas City and Josh Jacobs and Davante Adams of Las Vegas earning selections. Kansas City and San Francisco tied for the league lead with four total selections across offense, defense and special teams. The lone representatives from the Cowboys were right guard Zack Martin and punt returner KaVontae Turpin. According to the NFLPA’s website, active NFL players voted to determine the selections — a process inspired by never having the opportunity to “truly use our expertise to select the best of us.” It’s the only team constructed solely from votes submitted by players, according to the website. “We think it is important that players take the time to define ourselves, because so far, we have allowed everyone else to either pick or dilute our voices,” NFLPA president JC Tretter wrote in the website post. Dallas finished with a 12-5 record in the regular season, and will travel to Tampa for a wild- card matchup against Tom Brady and the Buccaneers. Parsons recorded five combined tackles and two tackles for loss when the pair of teams met in Week 1 of the regular season, a 19-3 Tampa Bay win.