In Hulu’s new superhero comedy series “Extraordinary,” everyone develops powers on their 18th birthday — except for Jen (Máiréad Tyers). Much to her dismay, the 25-year-old Londoner still has no signs of super speed, laser eyes or any other abilities as she struggles to navigate her life, hoping for a power while working a dead-end job. She shares a flat with her friend Carrie (Sofia Oxenham), who has the ability to channel the dead. The series, now streaming, has already been renewed for a second season. Irish-born actress Tyers, 25, answered some questions about the series via email. What attracted you to this show? From the first reading of the scripts, I fell in love with the characters and the world. It’s so vivid and [creator Emma Moran’s] humor is so distinct. The characters are relatable and hilarious, and when you’ve got that paired with amazing producers who have done shows like “Killing Eve,” you know you’re in safe hands. What part of Jen’s personality or journey did you find to be the most relatable? So much about Jen’s life is relatable. I think Emma’s done such a good job of exploring that period of your life in your 20s where you feel a bit lost and can’t help compare with everyone else around you. You think you are falling behind, and that you’re a bit of a loser. I think most people will have felt that at some point in their lives, so hopefully that’s a relatable and universal element for the audience. Did you base Jen on any particular character or person? I guess I subconsciously drew inspiration from the TV shows I watch and love, like “This Way Up,” “Bad Sisters,” “Chewing Gum,” The US [version of] “The Office.” I love watching good comedy with all my heart. There’s nothing more satisfying than laughing out loud one second and then welling up the next. What was the most challenging part of the role? The shooting schedule was intense for me — lots of long days and then weekends were spent prepping for the following week. But I wouldn’t change a thing about it. I loved the adrenaline of jumping from one scene to the next and hopping between locations. Like in the morning you’re in a strip club and by the afternoon you’re in a recording studio dressed as Margaret Thatcher. It’s bizarre and I loved it. Did anything funny or surprising happen during filming? Me and [co-star Sofia Oxenham] seriously got the giggles one day when filming a scene sitting back to back with one another. After we felt the other one slightly move or wince with a giggle, we were gone. I think the crew hated us just a little bit that day. If you could have a superpower, what would you want it to be? Being able to get ready for bed with a click of my fingers would be cool. I hate when I’m tired and have to take off my makeup and do my skincare or have a shower at the end of a day. Imagine being able to click your fingers and you’re in your pajamas, ready to conk.