The 2023 Golden Globes are back on TV after being kicked off the airwaves last year in ethics-related scandals (including the news the Hollywood Foreign Press Association, the group behind the awards, had no black members). But celebrities will return to the red carpet Tuesday, Jan. 10, at 8 p.m. on NBC. Here are The Post’s critics picks for the top awards in movies and television. Predicted winner: “The Fabelmans” Things could’ve turned out differently if “Everything Everywhere All At Once” or “Banshees of Inisherin” were in this category, but the HFPA will side with Spielberg. However, Pandora could be a spoiler — “Avatar” won the top prize here in 2010. “Avatar: The Way of Water”“Elvis““Tár”“Top Gun: Maverick” Predicted winner: “Everything Everywhere All At Once” Yes, the Globes honored “Banshees” director Martin McDonagh’s “Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri” in 2018, but momentum is squarely with the innovative moneymaker “Everything, Everywhere.” “Babylon”“The Banshees of Inisherin”“Glass Onion: A Knives Out Mystery”“Triangle of Sadness” Predicted winner: Steven Spielberg (“The Fabelmans”) Spielberg is a regular at the Globes, but he hasn’t actually won the directing prize since 1999 for “Saving Private Ryan.” Voters will see fit to a reward him again for his most personal story. James Cameron (“Avatar: The Way of Water”)Daniel Kwan, Daniel Scheinert (“Everything Everywhere All At Once”)Baz Luhrmann (“Elvis”)Martin McDonagh (“The Banshees of Inisherin”) Predicted winner: Cate Blanchett (“Tár”) The only realistic winners in this category are Blanchett and Williams, and Blanchett’s turn as a torn-down symphony conductor is meatier. Olivia Colman (“Empire of Light”)Viola Davis (“The Woman King”)Ana de Armas (“Blonde”)Michelle Williams (“The Fabelmans”) Predicted winner: Austin Butler (“Elvis”) Fraser has been the frontrunner since fall but his movie only managed one nod — his — and he’s not even attending the ceremony. Meanwhile, young Butler’s portrayal of the King is the sort of transformation the HFPA goes gaga for. Brendan Fraser (“The Whale”)Hugh Jackman (“The Son”)Bill Nighy (“Living”)Jeremy Pope (“The Inspection”) Predicted winner: Michelle Yeoh (“Everything Everywhere All At Once”) Get your speech ready, Michelle! You’re the only possible winner here. Lesley Manville (“Mrs. Harris Goes To Paris”)Margot Robbie (“Babylon”)Anya Taylor-Joy (“The Menu”)Emma Thompson (“Good Luck To You, Leo Grande”) Predicted winner: Colin Farrell (“The Banshees of Inisherin”) Colin Farrell is doing his best work in the dark Irish comedy. Can’t say that for anybody else in this category. Diego Calva (“Babylon”)Daniel Craig (“Glass Onion: A Knives Out Mystery”)Adam Driver (“White Noise”)Ralph Fiennes (“The Menu”) Predicted winner: Jamie Lee Curtis (“Everything Everywhere All At Once”) This is a stunning field, but who can forget those hot-dog fingers? Angela Bassett (“Black Panther: Wakanda Forever”)Kerry Condon (“The Banshees of Inisherin”)Dolly De Leon (“Triangle of Sadness”)Carey Mulligan (“She Said”) Predicted winner: Ke Huy Quan (“Everything Everywhere All At Once”) Quan has been in the business a long time — he played Short Round in “Temple of Doom” and Data in “The Goonies”! — and he gives a stellar performance in a buzzy movie. Brendan Gleeson (“The Banshees of Inisherin”)Barry Keoghan (“The Banshees of Inisherin”)Brad Pitt (“Babylon”)Eddie Redmayne (“The Good Nurse” Predicted winner: “Hold My Hand” from “Top Gun: Maverick” (Lady Gaga, BloodPop, Benjamin Rice) Gaga oo-la-la! “Carolina” from “Where The Crawdads Sing” (Taylor Swift)“Ciao Papa” from “Guillermo del Toro’s Pinocchio” (Alexandre Desplat, Roeban Katz, Guillermo del Toro)“Lift Me Up” from “Black Panther: Wakanda Forever” (Tems, Rihanna, Ryan Coogler, Ludwig Göransson)“Naatu Naatu” from “RRR” (M.M. Keeravani, Chandrabose) Predicted winner: “Guillermo del Toro’s Pinocchio” The “Shape of Water” director’s stop-motion take on the fairy tale is by far the best film on this roster.“Inu-Oh”“Marcel The Shell With Shoes On”“Puss In Boots: The Last Wish”“Turning Red” Predicted winner: Martin McDonagh (“The Banshees of Inisherin”) This is the most logical way for the HFPA to honor McDonagh, a consistent filmmaker they hugely admire. Todd Field (“Tár”)Daniel Kwan, Daniel Scheinert (“Everything Everywhere All At Once”)Sarah Polley (“Women Talking”)Steven Spielberg, Tony Kushner (“The Fabelmans”) Predicted winner: “House of the Dragon” The “Game of Thrones” prequel series was all anyone talked about during its run — and lived up to all the hype with an absorbing storyline and terrific effects. Close second: “Severance.” “Better Call Saul”“The Crown”“Ozark”“Severance” Predicted winner: “Only Murders in the Building” My choice would be “The Bear,” which fit a lot of drama and pathos into eight episodes, but “Murders” boasts an all-star cast that is irresistible to the star-struck HFPA. “Abbott Elementary”“The Bear”“Hacks”“Only Murders in the Building”“Wednesday” Predicted winner: Imelda Staunton (“The Crown”) Staunton is the best of the show’s three actresses who’s portrayed Queen Elizabeth, whose death in September, shortly before Season 5 of “The Crown,” will influence this category.Emma D’Arcy (“House of the Dragon”)Laura Linney (“Ozark”)Hilary Swank, “Alaska Daily”Zendaya, “Euphoria” Predicted winner: Jeff Bridges (“The Old Man”) It’s a really strong category this year, but I’m picking Jeff Bridges, who delivered a bravura performance as a grizzled spy (grudgingly) in from the cold in “The Old Man,” his first series role. And voters appreciate his long and storied Hollywood career.Kevin Costner, “Yellowstone”Diego Luna, “Andor”Bob Odenkirk, “Better Call Saul”Adam Scott, “Severance” Predicted winner: Jenna Ortega (“Wednesday”) The young actress will win for the sheer popularity and cleverness of Tim Burton’s Netflix series. And that viral dance scene video doesn’t hurt.Quinta Brunson, “Abbott Elementary”Kaley Cuoco, “The Flight Attendant”Selena Gomez, “Only Murders in the Building”Jean Smart, “Hacks” Predicted winner: Bill Hader (“Barry”) Martin and Short likely cancel each other out. White will get his chance next year (and, hopefully, when the Emmy nominations come out).Donald Glover, “Atlanta”Steve Martin, “Only Murders in the Building”Martin Short, “Only Murders in the Building”Jeremy Allen White, “The Bear”