On Jan. 2, the Buffalo Bills and Cincinnati Bengals had their Week 17 game suspended in the first quarter after safety Damar Hamlin suffered a cardiac arrest on the field after tackling wide receiver Tee Higgins. Hamlin’s collapse sent the league into a tailspin, and left the two teams traumatized as they waited to hear the fate of the 24-year-old safety. Hamlin miraculously survived after getting CPR on the field and being rushed to the hospital.  And now, three weeks later, both squads have advanced to the AFC Divisional Round of the postseason. Sean McDermott’s 14-3 Bills got here on the back of quarterback Josh Allen and receivers Dawson Knox and Stefon Diggs in the Wild Card round of the playoffs, where they narrowly defeated the Miami Dolphins, 34-31. The Bengals took down the Baltimore Ravens 24-17 behind Joe Burrow and Ja’Marr Chase’s on-field heroics. And don’t forget Logan Wilson’s forced fumble in the end zone that led to Sam Hubbard’s historic 98-yard mad dash to clinch the victory for Cincinnati. Now, the matchup that seemed pre-destined will take place at Orchard Park’s Highmark Stadium on Sunday, Jan. 22 at 3 p.m. Given that this is such a huge game for both teams, we’re happy to report that somewhat affordable tickets are available. At the time of publication, the lowest price we could find on tickets was $130 before fees on Vivid Seats. For those who want to witness the heated matchup up close, lower-level tickets start at $159 before fees. All prices are subject to fluctuation.  It remains possible that Hamlin will make an appearance at Sunday’s game, even though he faces a long recovery. “Damar still requires oxygen and is having his heart monitored regularly to ensure there are no setbacks or after effects,” Jordon Rooney, Hamlin’s friend, told the AP on Thursday. “Though he is able to visit the team’s facility, Damar is not in position to travel often, and requires additional rest to help his body heal.” For more on what’s going on with Hamlin, check out the NY Post’s story here. Looking for more? Click here to see all of the NY Post coverage of the Buffalo Bills.  Sam Hubbard shocked football fans when he returned a forced fumble and ran the ball back 98 yards to secure Cincinnati’s victory over Baltimore. That touchdown not only sent the Bengals to the next round of the playoffs — Hubbard also set a record for the longest fumble return for a touchdown in NFL postseason history. “Just a credit to whoever punched that ball out. I was in the right place at the right time,” Hubbard said. For more on the jaw-dropping play, check out the NY Post’s story here. There was obviously quite a bit more to the game than that one play though. To read all about it, as well as everything Bengals, you can skim through the NY Post’s archive of Bengals stories.  If freezing in Buffalo isn’t your idea of fun, you can certainly watch these two teams duke it out from wherever you like. All you’ll have to do is flip the remote to your local CBS station. Calling the game will be Jim Nantz (play-by-play) and Tony Romo (analyst) from the booth. Reporting from the field will be Tracy Wolfson and Jay Feely. Gene Steratore is serving as the rules analyst. Prefer to stream? Fire up NFL+ or Paramount+ and you’ll be set in no time.  If you’ve been paying attention to the trades, you might have noticed that there are quite a few mega tours traveling all over North America over the next few months. Here are just a few of our favorite stars you won’t want to miss when they come to a city near you. • Bruce Springsteen and the E Street Band • Metallica • Morgan Wallen • SZA • Blink 182 Not enough concert for you? We’ve got more. Way more. Click on over to see our mega list of the 52 biggest concert tours in 2023 here.