Alexa, play “Happy Birthday.” As one of the most celebrated birthdays in all of existence, the big 2-1 is extra special for gifting. Sure, in the US the legal drinking age is 21, so you may want to consider one of our favorite wine delivery services for your best friend or brother. But, there are so many more sought-after items the birthday guy or gal will love. For the TikTok-obsessed, you may want to consider the consistently viral Gisou Honey-Infused Hair Oil ($46 to $87). Or, for the jet-setter you know, anyone would love a tech-forward Apple AirTag ($29). We created a crafty edit of the 50 best birthday gifts for the 21-year-old you know. And as the saying goes, age is but a number, so we encourage you to shop some of these gifts for anyone who’s birthday is on the horizon — yourself included. Click to jump to a specific category of birthday gifts: Offer the gift of royalty for your loved one’s 21st birthday with this sash and crown. For less than $15, it makes for a stunning and full-on-glam photo-op, especially when paired with this rose gold balloons kit ($17). With more than 93,000 rave reviews (and counting), it’s safe to say the Apple AirTag (which picked up much steam when it was first released, and continues to) is an Amazon best-seller. This pocket-sized tech device helps keep track of your items across your Apple devices with the Find My app. Even better, you can drop it into your checked luggage to help locate your missing bags if bad luck gets the best of you. We gifted the Herschel Novel Duffel Bag a few years ago and it continues to be one of the most appreciated and practical gifts for anyone in your life. The sleek and minimalist traveler comes in an array of novel tones and leather strap options — for less than $100. Now this is a trendy way to ring in 21. The BANBALLON 30-Piece 21st Birthday Cake Topper will keep you create an Instagram-worthy dessert for you and your besties, even if you grab Funfetti cake right from the box. For just $15, this Amazon buy will be a hoot. We recently converted to the iPad way of living and it’s brought much productivity, modernity and convenience to our working and personal lives alike. As the 21-year-old you know may be embarking on a new job, college class or side hustle, the 2021 Apple 10.2″ iPad is one of your best bets, especially with the Apple Pencil ($121). For more options, check out our guide to the best Amazon tablets. On work-from-home days, we appreciate our Flexispot Comhar Electic Standing Desk, namely because of its wide surface area and with-drawer design. It’s of the best quality, has a stunning and smooth oak surface and is height-adjustable. Plus, it comes with ports for you to charge your laptop, phone and other devices. It doesn’t get much better. For more options, check out our guide to the best standing desks. To pair with that new standing desk, how about an under-desk treadmill? The Goplus 2-in-1 Folding Treadmill is one of the hottest ones on the market, thanks to its flatbed design for productive work-from-home walking or pop-up rail to tend to your cardio in full force. We’re eyeing one right now, too. We recently gifted a pair of the Google Pixel Buds A-Series and were told they have the best noise-canceling abilities ever (that’s pretty good for these nifty, tiny buds!) In a sleek case, you’ll appreciate how they’re Bluetooth-compatible and boast a flush-to-ear design. For more options, check out our guide to the best wireless earbuds. One thing we know for sure this year: Gua Sha is taking over the skincare industry. This thoughtful duo comes with the gua sha and its BFF, the jade roller, in a gift-able box that the 21-year-old beauty buff while wholeheartedly adore. Whether the 21-year-old you know lives at home or at an apartment of their own, the Cosori 5 Qt. 9-in-1 Air Fryer makes a rockin’ birthday gift. For one, it’s perfect for any type of cook — beginner or advanced — simply because it helps save time in the kitchen while even-frying delicious dinners and snacks. Plus, its modern design with a sleek LED screen adds the perfect touch. For more options, check out our guide to the best air fryers. Even though we’re talking about 21st birthday gifts over here, the JBL Flip 5 Waterproof Portable Bluetooth Speaker is an Amazon electronics essential we recommend for any age. Not only is it slim but it’s one of the best gifts ever, especially if the 21-year-old you know (1) loves music or (2) enjoys exceptional sound by the pool or at a park picnic. For more options, check out our guide to the best Bluetooth portable speakers. For another way to listen, pick up the Victrola Vintage 3-Speed Bluetooth Portable Suitcase Record Player. It has more than 55,000 positive reviews, comes in a full suite of fun colors and boasts built-in speakers. Plus, it pairs well with some of their favorite records. For more options, check out our guide to the best record players. Alexa, sing ‘Happy Birthday.’ You can command this and much, much more with the Amazon All-New Echo Dot (featuring more exceptional, vibrant sound). It makes a stellar gift if you don’t want to spend more than $50, comes in navy and white as well and comes in handy when listening to podcasts, audiobooks and Spotify — among its other features. Buy this Tequila Bottle Piñata. Enough said. The TOPDesign Personalized Initial Canvas Tote Bag is just $20 and is one of the most well-made styles we’ve seen. Whether you’d like it to double as your work tote or serve as a practical handheld for your errands, the initial logo and ribbon-strapped touches are beyond compare. You can’t celebrate your a 21st birthday without some Baked by Melissa cupcakes (at least that’s our MO). The brand is well-known for its itty bitty bites that are oh-so-delectable. Prices vary depending on the box you choose, but a 25-pack of the brand’s best-selling flavors starts at less than $50. Not to mention, it’s perfect to celebrate a long-distance birthday. We have a Birthdate Co. candle and it’s one of the most unique and personalized gift options you can purchase. Who doesn’t want a candle with their birth chart on the label, after all? It’s great for the horoscope reader you know, especially, and was hand-poured in the U.S. Plus, its clean scent is bound to be loved by anyone for a luxe addition to their space. To ring in the big 2-1 in classic fashion, pick up this personalized shot glass for just $5 right now at Shutterfly. Where else can you find a custom shot glass — with a personalized picture and name, no less — for just $5? We’re colored impressed. One of our favorite earrings to wear is the Mejuri Croissant Dôme Hoops, which add a bit of somethin’-something to your overall look and perfect for the mininmalist jewelry lover you know who loves gold. Every time we wear them, we receive tons of compliments. Check out our Mejuri review for more insight on the brand. If you can’t celebrate with the 21-year-old you know, then celebrate from afar with the Uncommon Goods Instant Birthday Celebration Drink Kit. Simply drop one of the Confetti Cake or Chocolate Birthday Cake cubes into your drink of choice — boozy or not — and it’ll create a celebratory beverage as it dissolves. The kit also includes a recipe kit to help make a Birthday Latte, Confetti Birthday Martini or Chocolate Birthday Martini. Cheers! When we think of birthdays, we think of cake — and what better way to celebrate another year than with Milk Bar? The flagship brand is one of the best for on-demand dessert deliveries, especially with its 6″ Birthday Cake that’s the ideal photo-op. This sweet treat is made with sweet vanilla, was inspired by the boxed vanilla Funfetti cake the brand loves and is characteristically delicious with creamy frosting at each layer. BRB, ordering… We’re jet-setting this year and choose no other than the CALPAK Hue Trunk Luggage to suit our spring vacation needs. Not only is it impressively durable with enough space for all of your belongings, but its Rolodex of classic and limited-edition shades is ideal for any 21-year-old on your list. Let’s hear some applause for the lululemon Everywhere Belt Bag 1L. If you desire to be hands-free every time you’re traveling or at the mall, this is the perfect wrap-around carry-all for you. Plus, we recommend grabbing it ASAP while it’s still in stock (it flies quickly). For more options, check out our guide to the best belt bags. Say cheers to 21 in one of the most #basic ways possible — with a bottle of delicious-tasting rosé! Fresh Vine Wine, kick-started by celebs Julianne Hough and Nina Dobrev — is one of the best ones we’ve tried (and, is ultra-affordable for a birthday bash, too!) If we could have dinner with two people, it would be Harry and David without a doubt (they make the most iconic gift baskets, so they’d probably throw insane dinner parties). Its Classic Birthday Basket is perfect if you don’t want to spend more than $75, too. Inside, you’ll find a fresh variety of Moose Munch Premium Popcorn, red licorice, lemon shortbread cookies, two chocolate chunk with chocolate candy gems cookies, two raspberry galettes, two vanilla shortbread cookies and  a super party snack mix — all presented in a woven basket. For a stunning take on the initial necklace, Gorjana has a lovely Wilder Alphabet Necklace for just $60 on its direct-to-consumer site. It’s one of our favorite brands for affordable fine jewelry and we love its delicate charm. Treat the 21-year-old you know to a well-made backpack that they can use for school, work or travel: the Tumi Harrison Bradner Backpack. Notably, it features a top handle, adjustable shoulder straps, a zip closure, a padded laptop pocket and a handsome polyester and leather lining. Plus, its slim design is impressively spacious. For a sweet treat any dessert lover will adore, 1-800-Flowers has a Happy Birthday Full Dozen Chocolate Covered Strawberries assortment for $60 that’s ready to order. They’re not just any chocolate covered strawberries, either. They spell out happy birthday in letters and stripes (and are on our birthday wishlist this year). Now that your loved one is 21, it’s time to give them a gift that leans more ‘adult.’ Even though we don’t have a bar cart or dinner parties with friends and couples every week, we’re still glossing over these Anthropologie Morgan Coupe Glasses — a colorful and swanky set of four that’ll last through the decades. As strong proponents of meditation, we can’t stop raving about Headspace, the meditation and sleep membership we’ve tried for more than a year (read our full review). With guided daily prompts and lessons — along with custom plans — it’s one of the best mental health-minded gifts to present to your loved one. As avid readers, Book of the Month is a god-send. For any reader you know, treat them to a bookworm-minded membership of your choice, depending on how much you’d like to spend. You’ll receive one credit each month and, if extra credits spillover and there’s another book you’d like to read, you can always add more à la carte. When blow-drying your hair, there’s none other than the amika Hair Blow Dryer Brush 2.0. It completely changed the game for our hair routines (read our full review). It makes using a round brush as easy as can be, and always provides a salon-worthy look in a jiffy. When in doubt, we always gift the J.Crew Slim Untucked Baird McNutt Irish Linen Shirt. It’s always the item we purchase for our brothers, boyfriends and in-laws for any time of year, much ado to the shirt’s classic and flattering fit. It’s a wardrobe staple, to say the least. Gift the 21-year-old you know with a luxe sweater from Free People (otherwise known as the brand that makes quality and versatile elevated basics). Its We The Free Arden Tee is one of our all-time faves, especially in this bubblegum pink shade. There’s nothing more heartfelt than a birthday card — and an oversized one, to say the least! Pick up this incredible and thoughtful 21st Birthday Jumbo Card from Zazzle. If you’re constantly running out of room in your cards — have no fear. To ring in the big 2-1 in natural fashion, add the Studio Mercantile Mini Beer Pong Drinking Game to your Macy’s cart for less than $50. It’s sure to enhance your next party or friends night and is conveniently portable. We did the research and found the coziest pants at an excellent value. These ivory-colored sherpa-esque pants are viral, pretty much everywhere on social media, and can cost upwards of $100 or more. But, Target has these $30 ones that make the ultimate 21st birthday gift, and we’re in love. For more options, check out our guide to the best loungewear. Meet the booties we wear pretty much 90% of the time while commuting to work: Abercrombie’s Margaux Leather Western Ankle Boots. Though a bit of a splurge, they’re the perfect day-to-night shoe and look incredible with your finest pair of work pants. Treat the 21-year-old skincare lover to some supreme skincare face masks (read our full review of the best ones). The 111skin Master Masking Planner comes at an excellent value, considering individual mask packs are offered at a way higher price. With this bundle, each offering comes in a unique envelope-style pouch to keep your skincare routine as organized as can be. Not to mention, these clinical-grade masks will have your skin feeling rejuvenated, refreshed and ready for wherever you’re off to. Madewell’s The Zip-Top Transport Tote is one we adore, especially for work commutes and library trips, and we can’t stop raving about its smooth leather exterior. Even better, this model comes with a secured zipper pouch, is incredibly spacious and fairly priced at less than $200. For the man in your life who’s turning 21, the Abercrombie Athletic Straight Jeans are handsome, comfortable and come in a generous size range. Specifically, this pair is an elevated pair for every day that’s clad in the brand’s signature stretch fabric and relaxed-fit silhouette — a classic look that he’ll be glad to unbox. For more options, check out our guide to the best men’s jeans. This list would be incomplete without a mention of the Dyson Airwrap Multi-Styler. We reviewed it and can sense what all the hype is about (in short, it’ll save you much time blow-drying and styling your hair — whatever hair type you may have — thanks to its vast array of attachments). For a gift she wouldn’t necessarily splurge on, this is true gold in hair-styling form. Whether for work or school (or, productive browsing), the Acer Chromebook 317 Laptop makes an extraordinary birthday gift for the tech lover you know. We appreciate its slim design and ultra-modern screen, especially if you fancy PC software. For more options, check out our guide to the best laptops and computers. The ripe age of 21 just seems more adult, so treat him to this luxe shaving kit from The Art of Shaving. The Sandalwood Full Size Kit includes its signature Pre-Shave Oil, Shaving Cream, 2-in-1 After-Shave Balm and, of course, a brush to tie the entire gift together — all for less than $100. For more options, check out our guide to the best men’s shaving kits. COACH is having a moment, and we’re going to let it ride. Splurge on the 21-year-old you know with the designer’s Brooke Signature Canvas Carryall. Just shy of $500, you’ll appreciate this beautiful mahogany and signature canvas print duo to carry every essential a gal needs. For more options, check out our guide to the best designer clutches. For colder temps, Echo New York has some of the best scarves we’ve ever wrapped around ourselves. Namely, the Milk Muffler is one of the coziest and most lightweight at the same time. You’ll appreciate its vast shade range to match with a trench coat, too. Sure, traditional coffee makers are great and all, but if you fancy cold brew like it’s nobody’s business, then you need the Instant Cold Brewer. It doesn’t take up too much space on your counter and will deliver freshly roasted cold brew in an instant (hence, its name). Simply use your favorite ground coffee, customize the brew strength to your own taste and voilà! The satisfyingly refreshing drink your mornings wait for. For the plant lover you know, Horti is one of our favorite brands for on-demand fresh greenery that’ll ship right to your door. We recommend its Mini Jungle to start off the birthday guy or gal you know with a photogenic assortment of plant types for their space. For more options (if you’re shopping for someone who doesn’t have a green thumb), check out our guide to the best fake plants. Ah, the infamous Gisou Honey-Infused Hair Oil. This TikTok-viral beauty find makes the perfect gift for anyone who wants to feel a bit more luxurious after every shower. We’ve tried it and savor its long-lasting hydration every time. If you’re looking for your next favorite women’s fashion brand to shop for — specifically, for the most elevated styles — then we need to flag & Other Stories on your radar. Its Oversized Raglan Sleeve Jumper is *chef’s kiss* for the colder days, especially. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.