The warden of the Pennsylvania jail where Bryan Kohberger has been held described the accused killer’s time behind bars as “uneventful” —  denying reports that the suspecttaunted jail guards. Kohlberger, who is accused of murder in the killing of four University of Idaho students, was housed at the Monroe County Correctional Facility alone on suicide watch as a high-security inmate, Warden Garry Haidle told the Idaho Statesman. “His confinement at the Monroe County Correctional Facility was uneventful,” Haidle told the outlet. The jail chief told the outlet that “all normal policies and procedures have been followed” since he was locked up Friday morning. The warden also denied a report from the Daily Mail, which quoted a fellow inmate who claimed that Kohberger taunted guards, tried to expose himself and sang violent rap songs. Valerie Cipollina, 50, of Garnerville, New York, told the outlet she observed Kohberger acting out during her brief stint in the lockup after she was arrested for domestic violence on New Year’s Day. “You come in here and I’ll cut you. I’m going to pee on your face. Do what you want with me, I don’t give a s–t,” Cipollina claimed Kohberger yelled at a correctional officer. She also claimed she heard a female officer tell Kohberger to put his pants back on but was unable to see his bottom half. “I couldn’t see his genitals because the glass wall only went down so far,” she told the news outlet, adding that she thought he tried to expose himself to the woman. Cipollina also said the accused killer shouted violent rap lyrics with expletives in them and screamed threats at the staff. Kohberger faces four counts of murder in the stabbing deaths of Ethan Chapin, 20, Xana Kernodle, 20, Kaylee Goncalves, 21, and Madison Mogen, 21, at their Moscow, Idaho, off-campus home on Nov. 13. On Tuesday, he agreed to be extradited to Idaho, where he will be formally charged with the four murders. Monroe County Court of Common Pleas Judge Margherita Patti Worthington ordered that Kohberger be surrendered to the state of Idaho within 10 calendar days from Tuesday. He was arrested Friday at his parents’ home in Albrightsville, Pennsylvania, after driving cross-country from his home in Pullman, Washington, with his father.