Heartbreaking images show a 16-year-old mom lovingly cuddling her baby boy — the same position they were in when they were among six executed by suspected cartel hitmen in California. Mom Alissa Parraz was still clutching 10-month-old son Nycholas Nolan Parraz when they were found in a ditch outside the shot-up home in Goshen early Monday, officials and family said. Both had been shot in the head while trying to flee what the local sheriff described as a “cartel-style execution” at a house raided just a week earlier on a narcotics-related warrant. “I can’t wrap my head around what kind of monster would do this,” said the baby’s great-grandfather, Samuel Pina. “I can’t understand who can just kill a baby like that. … How can someone be a monster and do that? I cannot comprehend it,” he told KFSN. Officials said that the young mom was 17, but her own mom said her “beautiful daughter” was only 16. “My heart is broken I am lost for words,” Shyla Pina wrote in a series of heartbreaking posts, saying she “never got to meet in person” her “handsome grandson.” Samuel Pina said Parraz and her baby had been living with her father’s side of the family in Goshen — and her dad’s uncle, her dad’s cousin, and her grandmother and great-grandmother were also killed. One of the elderly women had also been shot in the head, seemingly “shot in her sleep,” Tulare County Sheriff Mike Boudreaux told the Los Angeles Times. Two unidentified women survived by hiding in a trailer on the property, officials told the LA Times. They told investigators that at least two men were spotted on surveillance cameras “sneaking onto the property … But by the time they came on , it was too late to do anything,” Boudreaux said. The “manner and swiftness” of the attacks suggested experienced killers, the sheriff said. “If [they] are specifically shooting everyone in the head, they know what they are doing … [and] they are comfortable with what they are doing,” he told the LA paper “I think it’s specifically connected to the cartel,” he said, without specifying a particular organization. “The level of violence … this was not your run-of-the-mill, low-end gang member,” he said. “We believe this is very targeted. This is very personal and we also believe this is a message being sent,” the sheriff told KFSN. Officers initially assumed they were dealing with an active shooter because so many shots were fired. At least one of the six killed was alive when they arrived, succumbing to his injuries later. One neighbor told the LA Times that he heard “on and off shots” and the sound of a car speeding away — which he believes was the killers “chasing people.” “Basically hunting,” he said. Goshen is a semi-rural community of about 3,000 residents 35 miles southeast of Fresno. Tulare County Supervisor Eddie Valero called the carnage “everyone’s worst nightmare.” “These senseless acts of violence, especially with infants, children and young adults, have no place in our communities,” Valero said in a statement. Friends mourned the “beautiful angels” who were “taken far too soon.” “My heart aches this morning as the world lost these beautiful souls,” one friend wrote of the “so stunning and beautiful” young mom and her “sweetest boy.” “You both deserved the world. You had the purest souls anyone has seen. This world is cruel and you will get justice,” wrote the friend, saying that “it will never be the same with you both gone.” With Post wires