Gina Stewart, who has been dubbed the “world’s hottest grandma,” is on the prowl for some old-fashioned romance. The 52-year-old blonde bombshell claims men of all ages clamor for her attention, but as a mom she needs to be “careful” about who she brings home. “I’m single, and I think as I have become older and I have a daughter, I have become careful as to who I let into my life,” the Aussie model told the Scottish Sun. “I’m not actually looking for anyone in particular. I believe that if I’m destined to find love it will happen, and I will just fall in love probably when I least expect it.” But she wouldn’t complain if her Prince Charming happened to be Scottish, secretly wishing a “great Scot” would “sweep me off my feet and keep me safe in their castle.” That royal treatment could come from a man of any age, since the gorgeous gran revealed men of varying ages inundate her with messages. “To be honest, so many younger men love older women. I probably get more requests from the younger generation than my generation,” she dished. In fact, while the oldest person she’s dated was in their “late 50s,” the youngest was “in their 20s,” she added. Stewart’s dating history spans from the average Joe to famed athletes. In 2022, she claimed to have once dated the late cricket player Shane Warne. While 2023 “looks promising” for her love life, she’s been out of the dating world due to the death of a “close friend.” “I haven’t actually dated since a close friend who I was attached to passed away last year,” she admitted. Stewart placed in the top 100 contestants in Maxim’s Finest Australia contest years ago, and she has clung to her title of “world’s hottest grandma” ever since. Despite younger women becoming grannies and nearly beating her out, she refused to relinquish her age-defying honor. Since garnering popularity online for her looks, she has released an NSFW calendar — complete with topless photos — and she toes the community guidelines on social media. Her raunchy images have been previously removed from Instagram, where she touts over 341,000 followers. But the sizzling star’s online fame hasn’t come without problems. In 2022, she was reportedly forced out of her home after the paparazzi discovered where she lived. “I have been chased all around the Gold Coast, where I live in Australia, by paparazzi trying to catch me,” she said. “I don’t give out my address, and I had to move from one address because paparazzi tried to catch me outside.”