Love isn’t blind for this married couple. Author Hazel McBride claimed that she may be “average-looking” but she feels “so secure” around her handsome husband in a now-viral TikTok. Posing with her Dutch-born man, the 29-year-old wrote: “When are we gonna see insanely hot men with average-looking women?” The five-second clip showed McBride gazing lovingly at her man, both bundled up in the cold weather. Her husband donned a 5 o’clock-shadow look and slicked back hair and the writer wore glasses and a ponytail. Commenters loved the couple’s energy and gushed over their relationship. “Umm gurl? I dont see the average-looking woman? I see two GORGEOUS people,” someone penned. Another added: “I am confused sis. Don’t put yourself down like that.” However, one person asked McBride: “Does that make you self-conscious at all?” She even replied to the troll, adding: “Nope! I am so secure in our relationship and in myself.” To add more fuel to the fire, one user chimed in and noted that her husband probably “cares about inner beauty instead of looks.” But McBride wasn’t having it and snapped back: “Maybe because his personality is *average* and mine is *banging*.” More people came to her defense in the comments section. “When a man calls himself average he is being humble or funny but when a women does it it is fishing for compliments???” one stated. “Why are you people in the comments so offended what?” another person wondered. The video is part of an apparent TikTok trend where seemingly plain-looking women are taking to the platform to declare how proud they are of their more attractive-looking partners, regardless of what haters say in the comments. Canadian influencer Alicia Mccarvell took part in the trend last year and clapped back at critics who said that her husband Scott should be with someone who is thinner than her. She posted a TikTok video at the time that showed herself and her muscular hubby wearing towels. “The world looks at us and immediately values Scott more than me,” Mccarvell explained. “They say things like, ‘Oh, she must not have been fat when they met,’ or ‘Oh, she’s got to be rich.’ “ The body positivity activist continued, “Or they try to decrease his side of the equation by saying he must be gay, or he fetishes fat women.” “We’ve been made to believe that somebody who is physically fit like Scott could never in a million years be in love with or compatible with a fat woman,” she said. “And that’s solely because the world has taught us that we have to value our worth [based] on our bodies.”