The Bears back-doored their way into the No. 1 overall pick in the 2023 NFL Draft on Sunday after the Texans’ thrilling, last-second victory over the Colts (that may ultimately prove to be more of a loss for the franchise in the long term). But with second-year quarterback Justin Fields already on the team, would Chicago consider taking a signal-caller with the top pick anyway? According to Bears general manager Ryan Poles, the answer is: maybe, but probably not. “We’re gonna do the same as we’ve always done, we’re going to evaluate the draft class,” Poles said in the team’s season-ending press conference on Tuesday. “I would say this, I’d have to be absolutely blown away to make that type of decision.” When asked if Fields would be the starting quarterback in 2023, Poles said, “Yeah.” It sure seems unlikely that Chicago would look to Alabama’s Bryce Young, Ohio State’s C.J. Stroud or Kentucky’s Will Levis with that top pick. Fields showed promise in several areas in 2022, especially as a runner — his 1,143 rush yards this year was second-most among quarterbacks in a single season all-time. He hasn’t yet made the same leap as a passer, finishing with only 2,242 pass yards and 17 touchdowns along with 11 interceptions. However, he was working with a below-average offensive line and a wide receiver group that failed to produce a 500-yard pass-catcher (Darnell Mooney was injured Week 12, and Cole Kmet passed the mark as a tight end). “[Fields has] shown the ability to be a playmaker, be impactful,” Poles said. “He can change games quickly. Does he have room to grow? He does. He has to get better as a passer and I’m excited to see him take those steps as we move forward.” It’s certainly possible that the Bears don’t take anyone with the No. 1 pick. With many quarterback-needy teams near the top of the draft, Chicago could get a huge haul of picks and players if they traded back. One of those QB needy teams – the Indianapolis Colts – had GM Chris Ballard do his own presser Tuesday, and he certainly seemed open for business. “I’d do whatever it takes,” Ballard told reporters when asked about how he would solve the quarterback position. It stands to reason then that the two teams will have a phone call or two in the coming months. If Chicago does end up staying put, it seems more likely the bears would draft a defensive prospect – perhaps Alabama’s Will Anderson or Georgia’s Jalen Carter. The Bears were dead last in the NFL in points allowed per game in 2022.