No, it’s not 1987. Yes, Bret Michaels is going on tour. The former Poison frontman, “Rock of Love” star and Season Three winner of “Celebrity Apprentice” will play venues all over North America from January through August as part of his upcoming 12-concert “Parti Gras Tour.” Along the way, he’ll make two stops in New Jersey — first up, he’ll perform at Holmdel’s PNC Bank Arts Center on July 16 and Camden’s Freedom Mortgage Pavilion on July 23. Best of all, tickets are relatively inexpensive to hear the man who brought the world  “Every Rose Has Its Thorn” live.  At the time of publication, we found some tickets going for as low as $22 before fees. All prices are subject to fluctuation. And Bret’s not going it alone either. On select dates, the “Nothin’ But A Good Time” singer will bring along special guests like former Journey lead singer Steve Augeri, Sugar Ray’s Mark McGrath, “Sister Christian” rockers Night Ranger and Jefferson Starship, the group that brought the world the epic “Jane.” Basically, it’s like if an episode of VH1’s “I Love The 80s” came to life with a dash of “I Love The ’90s” thrown in for good measure. If this sounds like the perfect show for you, here’s everything you need to know about all upcoming “Parti Gras Tour” as well as Michaels’ upcoming solo shows.  A complete calendar of Bret Michaels’ solo shows (running Feb. 11 though June 23) and Parti Gras concerts include dates, venues and links to the cheapest tickets available can be found below. (Note: The New York Post confirmed all above prices at the publication time. All prices are subject to fluctuation and include additional fees at checkout.) Vivid Seats is a verified secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand. They offer a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and your tickets will be delivered prior to the event.  When Michaels hits the road this summer, he’ll be bringing a party with him everywhere he goes. To get you up to date, here’s the skinny on each of his VIP opening acts that will join him over the course of his dozen-show Parti Gras Tour. Steve Augeri served as Journey’s lead singer from 1998-2006. While singing lead for the group, he toured extensively with the band and provided vocals for the song “Remember Me” from the hit movie “Armageddon.” These days, he fronts a group called Ünderwörld and maintains a career as a solo artist. Mark McGrath is the face of Sugar Ray which brought the world undeniable hits like “Fly,” “Every Morning” and “Someday.” He was named People Magazine’s Sexiest Rocker of 1998. Still, you may recognize him most from his hosting stints on “Extra,” “Don’t Forget The Lyrics” and “Killer Karaoke.” Night Ranger are obviously most well-known for their iconic power ballad “Sister Christian.” However, if you dig deeper into their catalog, you’ll find undeniable hits like “Don’t Tell Me You Love Me”, “When You Close Your Eyes”, “Sentimental Street”, “Four in the Morning (I Can’t Take Any More)” and “Goodbye.” They broke up in 1989, reunited in 1995 and have been touring ever since. Jefferson Starship keeps the legacy of classic rock group Jefferson Airplane alive. Featuring a few original members from the group that brought the world “White Rabbit” and “Somebody To Love,” the quintet featuring original member David Freiberg has a few megahits of their own including ‘Miracles,” “Count On Me” and “Runaway.”  For those that caught the Dec. 19 Packers-Rams regular season game, you may have seen Michaels pop up in a humorous commercial alongside Brian Baumgartner, who you may know as Kevin from “The Office.” In the 90-second ad for ESPN begins with Baumgartner admitting how hard life is in LA when you’re a Packers fan — especially on a Monday night when the Rams square off against the team synonymous with oversized cheese hats. If you want to see the unlikely pair party together, check out the video featuring an Aaron Rodgers cameo below.   Bret Michaels won’t let the ’80s die. Actually, to be fair, quite a few stars from the decade are doing everything they can to make sure the  original MTV era never goes away. And we love it. Here are just five of our favorite can’t-miss stars who have been touring since before Taylor Swift was born and are at it again this year. • Motley Crue and Def Leppard • Madonna • Bruce Springsteen and the E Street Band • John Mellencamp • The B-52s Prefer to go back in time a little bit further? Check out our list of the 22 biggest classic rock stars on tour in 2023 here.