This is bananas. Some users on TikTok are swapping costly Botox injections for a banana peel beauty hack that supposedly prevents wrinkles. In one video, posted by Alayna Ryan, who goes by the handle @alaynaryan1979, Ryan rubs a banana peel all over her bare face, promising it has the same benefits as Botox. The unpeelievable viral video has gained nearly 2 million views and over 127,000 likes. “OK really gross but it works!” Ryan said in her video. “This is what I’ve been doing for years and it’s disgusting, but it’s natural Botox. The inside of a banana peel, no wrinkles!!” In another viral TikTok that racked up over 480,000 views, user @jnitav did the same regimen on her face. Using the sound from Ryan’s video in her own tutorial, she reiterated that the uglier and more beat-up the banana appears, the better your skin will look. She then instructed viewers to leave the remnants of the peel on their faces for 15 to 20 minutes before rinsing with cold water then moisturizing. Viewers are also using the hashtag #bananabotox on TikTok to share their own experiences with the appeeling trend. Botox, also known as “Botulinum toxin,” is a kind of dermatologic injection that some use to prevent wrinkles from forming on their face. Botox uses a toxin called onobotulinumtoxinA, which temporarily relaxes the facial muscles, according to the Mayo Clinic. While rubbing banana peels on the skin is not typically recommended by dermatologists, commenters on TikTok joined the influencers in sharing their love for the trending beauty hack. In the comments section of @jnitav’s video, one woman claimed that she’s been using the fruit on her skin for 75 years in hopes of looking ripe. “I’ve been doing this for 75 years,” the user said. Another wrote, “When I was in Singapore I got a palm reading from a guy on the street he told me to do this!!! His skin was flawless and swear he was over 70.” One TikTok viewer chimed in, “My grandma used to this alllllll the time God rest her soul. She taught me this as a kid — it does, her skin was beautiful in her old age.” However, some commenters felt that bananas were too expensive where they lived to try the trick. “I’m sure it does, but I have to pay nearly £2 a banana,” the user wrote. “Where I live so not happening lol.” “There goes the price of bananas,” another person agreed.