Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez (D-NY) attempted to defend President Biden’s proposed ban on gas stoves in a viral Twitter spat Tuesday — only to be heckled herself by snarky social media users. “Did you know that ongoing exposure to NO2 from gas stoves is linked to reduced cognitive performance,” the Bronx and Queens lawmaker tweeted in response to Rep. Ronny Jackson (R-Texas) vowing to “NEVER” give up his gas stove. But the congresswoman’s attempted clapback backfired, as detractors — mainly politicians and conservative activists — were quick to pile on. “Is this an attack on @GordonRamsey,” joked Max Avery, a former Arkansas state legislative candidate. “Did you know that it’s a lot harder for the government to arbitrarily cut off your access to power if you’re using gas as opposed to electric?” asked Virginia Republican Delegate Nick Freitas. “Or is that really the point? “Interesting, I didn’t know everything in the White House ran off gas,” cracked South Carolina state Rep. Matthew Leber. “What company is paying you to say that?” asked RedState deputy managing editor Brandon Morse. “This is a ‘problem’ you actually find serious?” asked the Libertarian Party of Illinois’ Twitter account. “April fools in January??” “Crazy! Just like ongoing exposure to Washington is linked to reduce cognitive performance, which you demonstrate daily,” sniped the national Libertarian Party’s account. Other commentators dug up photos of both AOC and Vice President Kamala Harris using gas stoves, as well as photos of first lady Jill Biden appearing to cook some spinach on a gas stovetop. The Consumer Product Safety Commission is considering a nationwide ban on the gas appliances after recent studies showed emissions from the devices can cause health and respiratory problems, Bloomberg reported Monday. “This is a hidden hazard,” CPSC Commissioner Richard Trumka Jr. told the outlet. “Any option is on the table. Products that can’t be made safe can be banned.” Reports by groups including the American Chemical Society and New York University Law School’s Institute for Policy Integrity found gas stoves, which are used in nearly half of US homes and the majority of New York City apartments, release pollutants like nitrogen dioxide, carbon monoxide and fine matter at levels so high, they are deemed unsafe by the Environmental Protection Agency and World Health Organization. The studies also linked gas stoves to respiratory illness, cardiovascular problems, cancer and other health conditions. Trumka later backtracked on his statement, saying restrictions would only apply to new stoves rather than existing products. “CPSC isn’t coming for anyone’s gas stoves,” he tweeted Monday.