The heartbroken mom of a slain Brooklyn teen mourned by his principal as “a joyful leader” described in tragic detail to The Post on Sunday how her son was stabbed to death in front of his twin brother. And now she wants the “little punks” who did it to pay. “I want justice for him,” Simone Brooks said of her murdered son, 17-year-old high-school senior Nyheem Wright, whose distraught twin Raheem stayed by his brother’s side as Nyheem bled out on a Coney Island sidewalk after school last week. “These ones nowadays, they all want to pull weapons,” Brooks, 50, said of her sons’ heinous attackers. “They don’t want to fight it out because they’re just little punks. “We want justice for my son Nyheem because he did not deserve this, and we are not OK.” Police believe Naheem was attacked by group of about six teenage boys because of a fight over a girl earlier in the day, law-enforcement sources told The Post on Sunday. The victim was not part of any gang, sources said. He and Raheem were jumped by their attackers around 3:20 p.m. Friday at a Rite Aid parking lot on Mermaid Avenue and West 30th Street, police said. Nyheem was pronounced dead at Maimonides Medical Center on Saturday, after which city schools Chancellor David Banks tweeted, “I spoke with the young man’s principal this evening, who described him as a joyful leader. “He was on the verge of graduation, and was a hard worker who took an active role in leading other young people at his school,” Banks wrote of the victim. The principal of Nyheem’s school, K728 Liberation Diploma Plus High School, even spent Friday night at the hospital with the family, the tragic teen’s mom said. Police have not made any arrests in the fatal attack. “They was fighting with the boys, and he said there were six of them,” Brooks said, recounting what her son Raheem told her about the fateful afternoon. “One of them pulled out a knife.” She said Raheem “stayed with his twin brother the whole time. “I was on the phone with him … and when the ambulance came, they kept saying, ‘He’s losing a lot of blood, he’s losing a lot of blood!’ ” Brooks said Nyheem’s wound severed a major artery. “There was nothing anyone could have done because the blood would just drain right out,” she said. “Platelets, plasma — it just wouldn’t clot. And after a while, they were monitoring his blood pressure, and it just gets so low, and they said, ‘Nobody can live like this, and his heart is going to stop.’ “They told me, ‘Call your family,’ ” she said. ” ‘You can have them all up here.’ “ She said Nyheem was a well-liked and popular teen. “He wasn’t in a gang,” she said of her late child. “He was a very good student. Everybody at his school loved him. … They love him. He was getting ready to graduate. … He was doing an internship, and he gets paid every two weeks.” She said he planned to go to college after graduation. The mother of nine boys, including two sets of twins, said, “Raheem, he’s trying to be strong for me. “But I’m looking at his Snapchat posts, and he’s like, ‘I’m not OK, ‘” she said. “He’s like, ‘I will never be OK.’ “