Danny Pintauro, who starred on “Who’s the Boss?,” is speaking out about the “disappointing” way Candace Cameron Bure treated him when he appeared on “The View” seven years ago. Pintauro called his discussion with then-“View” co-hosts Bure, 46, and Raven-Symoné, 37, “one of the lowest moments” of his life while talking with David Yontef on his “Behind The Velvet Rope” podcast. Pintauro, 47, appeared on “The View” after revealing his HIV diagnosis and crystal meth use on Oprah Winfrey’s “Where Are They Now?” in 2015. Bure “basically said, ‘Do you take responsibility for getting HIV because you were living a promiscuous lifestyle?'” Pintauro recalled to Yontef on Tuesday’s episode. “And turned on the spot to my husband and said, ‘Do you have unprotected sex with your husband?'” he added. It was actually Symoné who asked Pintauro’s husband, singer/actor Wil Tabares, if the pair uses protection. Last year, Bure left the Hallmark Channel and joined the Great American Family network to work on projects that “will keep traditional marriage at the core.” Her “hurtful” reasoning garnered feisty replies from JoJo Siwa, Hilarie Burton and her “Full House” co-star Jodie Sweetin. Now Pintauro is weighing in. “I mean, it was horrifying. It was one of the lowest moments of the journey I had after coming out to Oprah,” he said of their interview. “And so it’s not surprising to me that she’s taking this stance with Christmas movies that she’s gonna be involved in.” “She must have tons of people in her life that are LGBTQ+, at least from her past. And how she got to this place is just a little concerning to me. It’s almost like she went backwards in a way,” he added. The Post contacted reps for Bure, Symoné and “The View” for comment. Pintauro said he regrets appearing on “The View” and admitted he never told Bure that she hurt his feelings. “Because I consciously chose to not make it a thing,” he explained. “I’m happy to talk about it now because years have passed, and I’ve moved on from being that HIV spokesperson sort of position.” “I wanted to be able to just maintain this positive … love and light tour is what I was kind of going for. So the last thing I really wanted to do was just start talking c–p about her. But maybe in hindsight … Well, no, she’s not gonna care, is she?” Pintauro asked. “I should have known when they told me that it was just gonna be Candace and Raven-Symoné. That’s it. Neither of which are very supportive,” he added. The “Fuller House” actress, who occupied the show’s conservative chair from 2015 to 2016, has claimed that she had “PTSD” from co-hosting the daytime talk show. While Bure has seemingly made her stance on gay marriage clear, Symoné married her wife, Miranda Maday, in June 2020. The “That’s So Raven” alum recently alleged she was “catfished” by “The View” producers and would not sign on to co-host again. In hindsight, Pintauro also blames the show’s producers for the uncomfortable interview. “I start doing sort of pre-calls with the producers of like, ‘What are we gonna talk about? And here are some stories and some ideas,’ and the producers were already turning it a little bit weird,” he said.