WASHINGTON — White House press secretary Karine Jean-Pierre wouldn’t commit to meeting New York City Mayor Eric Adams’ request for $1 billion to handle the migrant influx into the city while seeming to acknowledge that the Big Apple has become a “border city” after record-breaking illegal border crossings. Jean-Pierre name-dropped Adams at her regular briefing, noting that he “has been critical … of us” before touting a new “parole” program to facilitate a lawful 30,000 migrants per month from four countries in a bid to reduce illegal entries — without noting his persistent request for more federal funds. The Post followed up with Jean-Pierre, noting, “Mayor Adams, who you quoted earlier, is requesting $1 billion from the federal government to help deal with the migration issue. In the city. New York has reportedly only been approved for $8 million. Does the Biden administration have plans to increase funding for New York and other cities, especially in conjunction with this new parole program?” Jean-Pierre said there would be enhanced federal funding for cities without directly committing to fulfilling the full ask from Adams, a Democrat who styles himself the “Biden of Brooklyn.” “As the Department of Homeland Security announced yesterday, we are indeed increasing funding available to border cities and those cities receiving an influx of migrants,” Jean-Pierre said vaguely. “In addition to strengthening ongoing coordination and collaboration across all levels of government, DHS is also expanding outreach efforts with the cities to provide coordination of resources and technical assistance,” she went on. “We have been indeed facilitating coordination between the state and local — I think you’ve heard us say this before — state and local officials and also other federal agencies. But for any specific on that funding to New York City, I would refer you to DHS. “But as I just stated, the Department of Homeland Security did announce additional funding and so we are going to make those border cities definitely a priority as they are dealing with increasing migration.” The Department of Homeland Security did not immediately respond to The Post’s request for comment on how much money is expected to flow to New York City. New York City, like many major US cities, has been inundated with migrants in need of temporary assistance amid a record-smashing wave of illegal border crossings. In fiscal 2022, which ended Sept. 30, nearly 2.4 million people were arrested attempting to cross the border, many of whom were allowed into the US to await asylum rulings. An unknown number of other migrants evaded arrest while crossing the border. New York, the country’s largest city, received about 10,000 migrants last year via charter buses sponsored by El Paso’s Democratic Mayor Oscar Leeser from August 2021 through October, when New York said it couldn’t take any more. Another 4,900 migrants were sent  to New York City by Republican Texas Gov. Greg Abbott from August through December in protest of the Biden administration’s border policies. “There’s no room at the inn,” Adams said Tuesday in response to Colorado Gov. Jared Polis, a Democrat, planning to send migrants to New York City. Under the new Biden administration “parole” program announced Thursday, 30,000 asylum seekers per month will be allowed to enter the US from Cuba, Haiti, Nicaragua and Venezuela. The applicants must pass a background check and have a US sponsor. And according to the Biden administration, citizens of those four countries who attempt to cross the US-Mexico border won’t be allowed to remain and will henceforth be banned from the parole program. The new program was first imposed upon Venezuelans in October, despite their relatively obvious asylum claims of political persecution, resulting in tearful deportations of families and scuffles at the US-Mexico border. Roughly 90,000 people from the four countries arrested at the border in November, the most recent month for which nationality data is available, suggesting roughly one-third of the cohort seeking to enter the US will be allowed to do so under the new policy. That contrasts with a much higher admittance rate for people who have been illegally crossing the border, some of whom may be applying for asylum and seeking a better life without specific fears of political persecution. Official data indicate that just 29% of people who illegally crossed the US-Mexico border in November were deported under the Title 42 COVID-19 health authority, with most of the rest allowed to wait for asylum verdicts while remaining in America.