This centenarian singleton certainly doesn’t need a man. Olive Westerman, 100, is sharing the secret to her long and happy life — and it’s likely to offend lecherous lads who lust after ladies. The senior citizen marked her milestone birthday last Monday and dished some surprisingly feminist advice for other women looking for longevity. “Avoid talking to strange men and you’ll be just fine,” the singleton sassily stated as she celebrated with gal pals at a high tea in Chester, England. Westerman — who was born before women had the right to vote in the UK — also shared some other life advice. “Simply be happy and content to be alive and make the most of what you have,” the grateful great-grandmother gushed to South West News Service. While Westerman now avoids any advances from men, there was one male who managed to capture her heart. She enjoyed a long marriage to her late husband, Sam, who passed away several years ago. “My husband and I met at the local church we used to attend every Sunday,” the widow recalled. “We got chatting one day after mass and we hit it off immediately.” “What I loved about him most was his kind and gentle nature, and the fact he was always trying to help others,” she added. Sam was a writer and travel clerk, with the adventurous couple even living abroad for several years — long before the practice was relatively common. “I have spent some time living overseas and my favorite place to live was Singapore — I loved it there,” Westerman gushed. “It was such an interesting and exciting place to be, and so different from England.” Westerman’s female friends even honored her late husband at her birthday party by presenting her with Lindt chocolates and Estée Lauder perfume — something Sam gifted her every year. Unlike many women of her generation, Westerman was a working mom, caring for kids at a local nursery. She also believes being around children is an important part of maintaining her happiness and enthusiasm. “Over the years I have spent a lot of time working with children, and this will certainly help to keep you young at heart!” the senior citizen stated. While Westerman hopes to celebrate many more birthdays, she’s making sure to enjoy every minute of life in the meantime. “I actually can’t believe I’m now 100, but it feels amazing,” she declared.