It’s a nice day to start again. And, in 2023, ’80s rock icon Billy Idol will do just that. From late March through mid-May,  the rocker who brought the world singalong anthems “White Wedding,” “Rebel Yell,” “Eyes Without A Face,” “Dancing With Myself,” “Mony Mony” and many more is conducting a 16-concert nationwide concert tour. The run will conclude with the nostalgia festival Cruel World on May 20 at the Rose Bowl in Pasadena, CA. At the single-day festival, Idol will be joined by Gen X heroes Iggy Pop, The Human League, Modern English, Gang of Four, Echo and the Bunnymen and dozens of other ’80s hitmakers. Not too shabby for one of Instagram’s hippest grandpas. Even better, tickets for shows to see the rocker who was just awarded a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame can be snagged as early as today. Although inventory isn’t available on Ticketmaster until Friday, Dec. 16, fans who want to ensure they have tickets ahead of time can purchase on sites like Vivid Seats before seats are officially on sale. Vivid Seats is a secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand. They have a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and will be delivered before the event.  A complete calendar including all of Idol’s upcoming tour dates, venues and links to buy tickets for select shows can be found here. Idol will be joined by his guitarist Steve Stevens — who penned the theme to the original “Top Gun” film — at all shows.  Idol hasn’t released a proper album since 2014’s “Kings and Queens of the Underground” which, Rolling Stone claimed, included a “chorus catchier than anything Fall Out Boy ha(d) written lately.” He’s hardly remained idle over the past nine years though. In the near decade since, he’s released a live album, remixes of his greatest hits, the 2021 four-song mini record “The Roadside,” an earnest collection of Christmas tunes entitled “Happy Holidays” and most recently, the short EP “The Cage.” You can peruse Idol’s recent output here. Make sure you don’t sleep on his New York Times’ best-selling autobiography “Dancing With Myself” either. The 336-page memoir can be scooped up here.  If you thought we’d listed all the artists participating in this year’s Cruel World, you’ve got another thing coming. Siouxsie, Love And Rockets, Adam Ant and many more will be lending their talents to the single-day extravaganza. For a closer look at the festival’s expertly curated lineup, take a look below. At the time of publication, General Admission passes start at $299 before fees on Vivid Seats.  A number of the biggest acts from the shoulder pad decade have plans to trot their hits out over the next new months. Here are just five of our can’t miss favorites you’ll want to see when they come to a city near you. • Madonna • Bret Michaels with Night Ranger and Jefferson Starship • The B-52s • REO Speedwagon • Motley Crue with Dep Leppard Prefer your rock a bit more retro? Check out our list of the 22 biggest classic rockers on tour in 2023 here.