He’s got the need for speed. Frankie Muniz is swapping his acting hat for a racing fire suit. The “Malcolm in the Middle” star announced Wednesday he will compete in the ARCA Menards Series, where he will drive the No. 30 Ford Mustang. He is slated to make his debut for Rette Jones Racing beginning at Daytona International Speedway on Feb. 18. “It’s with the utmost excitement, optimism and gratitude that I’m joining Rette Jones Racing for the full ARCA Menards Series schedule this year,” said Muniz. “Ever since childhood, it’s been my dream to pursue racing in NASCAR, and it was important for me to partner with a team that aligned with my long-term objectives and vision, while providing every opportunity imaginable to grow mentally and physically as a full-time race car driver.” Rette Jones Racing is owned by Terry Jones and Mark Rette, both former racers in their own respect, with Rette being a former ARCA champion. “2023 is set up to be one of the most memorable seasons for Rette Jones Racing since our inception in 2016,” Jones said in a press release. “Without a doubt, we believe in Frankie’s ability and commitment and with Mark’s leadership we believe that he will quickly adapt on track and contend for a championship in his rookie season.” “Over the years, we’ve prided ourselves on working with new drivers who have quickly adapted to the diversity of the ARCA Menards Series and, without a doubt, we believe Frankie can do the same,” Rette added. The former child actor, now 37, who also starred in “Agent Cody Banks” and on “Dancing with the Stars” wrote a message on Twitter dedicated to his son. “Finally making my dream a reality, this one is for my son and showing him that you can always chase your dreams,” Muniz said. “Excited for this opportunity with Rette Jones Racing, Ford, and our partners to go full time racing for an ARCA National Series Championship in 2023.” This is not Muniz’s first go at auto racing. In 2006, he took a break from entertainment to compete at the Formula BMW USA, earning zero overall points through the 14 races. He later raced in the ChampCar Atlantic Championship from 2007 to 2009, when he broke his back in a season-ending crash, forcing him to undergo multiple surgeries and drop his deal with an Indy Car for 2010, he told on Steve-O’s “Wild Ride” podcast in 2021. After his first stint in auto racing ended, Muniz played drums for the Indie band Kingsfoil from 2012-2014. He married his wife Paige Price in Feb. 2020. The couple’s share a son, Muis. The ARCA Menards Series is the lowest tier of the national stock car series’ sanctioned by NASCAR. There are 20 races scheduled for the 2023 season.