Golden Globes pianist Chloe Flower is coming clean about the music playing winners off during their speeches. After Michelle Yeoh won best actress in a motion picture comedy or musical for her role in “Everything Everywhere All at Once,” music started to play her off halfway through her speech. Yeoh, 60, turned toward where Flower was at the piano and said: “Shut up, please. I can beat you up, OK? It’s that serious.” Since Flower was the in-house pianist for the night, many people on Twitter assumed she was the one who cut the winners’ speeches short. But she’s now setting the record straight, sharing that it wasn’t her who played the music. “I would never play people over people’s speeches!!” she tweeted. “I’m only playing when you see me on camera!” Flower told Variety that she spoke to Yeoh after her big win and that there were no hard feelings between them. “After she won her award, she walked past the piano and I spoke to her,” Flower recalled. “We embraced. We touched and we held hands. I said, ‘I would never disrespect you and play during your speech.’ She was so lovely and nice.” “My job was to bring everybody back from commercial break with a performance, so I don’t know how that got lost in translation,” she added. Flower also shared with the outlet that she spoke to Austin Butler when he joked that they should have played an Elvis song when the music started wrapping him up after his win for best actor in a motion picture drama for “Elvis.” “He walked past me and I said, ‘Hey, congratulations, that wasn’t me playing,’” Flower said. The pianist said she thinks viewers at home don’t know how small the ballroom actually is, and that because she was on the piano, she “became the face of sound.” The 2023 Golden Globes awards hit a historic low in viewership numbers, bringing in just 6.3 million people, according to data from Nielsen. The event, hosted by Jerrod Carmichael, made a comeback after not airing on NBC last year due to a diversity scandal with the Hollywood Foreign Press Association — and fans slammed it as “woke” and “boring.”