He’s ringing in the new year — by putting a ring on it. Adam Riese popped the question to his girlfriend of five and a half years, Morgan McCarthy, Saturday afternoon in Midtown. The Hamilton, NJ, native got down on one knee on the rooftop of a West 34th Street building— with a stunning view of his future bride — and the Empire State Building. He picked out the oval-cut sparkler on his own, but a few days before the proposal, got nervous the surprise was ruined. “It’s actually kind of funny because … days ago, she sent me a picture and it looked exactly like it …. My heart dropped,” the medical device sales rep said. “I was like, ‘She found my hiding spot.'” Turns out, the ring in the photo just really resembled the one he chose. Riese, 28, has plans to be in Times Square at midnight with his new fiancée, so he thought a pre-ball drop proposal would be fitting. “We had the idea of maybe going to see the ball … growing up in New Jersey, I never did that,” he said. “It would be cool to do, but at the same time, I know how hectic it is. Luckily enough, I have a buddy who has some connections that can maybe get us there and not have to stand out there all day.” The lovebirds, who live in Providence, RI, met at the University of New Hampshire. “I played football up there, and I had an extra year of eligibility because of redshirting,” he said. “And I was always up there for that. And coincidentally, one of our friends was an athletic trainer and helping on the team and she was friends with her.” Riese said their connection was already apparent on their very first date, when they both ordered the same thing — a Caesar salad topped with steak. “And it’s kind of funny because it worked out where now that happens on a regular basis,” he said. And he quickly came to the realization that McCarthy, 27, a Massachusetts native who works as an account executive for an e-commerce company, was his perfect match. “Everything that I wanted in a girlfriend and a wife, she was hitting all of those qualities,” he gushed.