Longtime CNN anchor Suzanne Malveaux is leaving the network after a 20-year run. Malveaux broke the news to staff in a note obtained by The Post, in which she said she approached CNN in the fall of 2022 “about focusing on my family and possibly pursuing some new opportunities,” and that the network “supported me.” “I’m thrilled one of those projects will be a collaboration with a great-grandson of Nelson Mandela to tell stories and spotlight communities in conflict poised to find peace. Stay tuned,” she continued. Malveaux, who is the longtime partner of White House press secretary Karine Jean-Pierre, first joined CNN in 2003 after previously working as a correspondent for NBC News. They have an 8-year-old daughter together. “After 20 years of delivering groundbreaking stories for the audiences of CNN, I’ve made the heartfelt decision to put myself and my family first and to pursue my long-desired professional passions: using storytelling to promote wellness, resiliency and social justice,” Malveaux wrote. “I will forever be grateful for the opportunities CNN afforded me.” “Throughout Suzanne’s 20-year career at CNN, she has brought historic interviews to our audiences, broken news from around the world and mentored countless journalists across multiple bureaus,” a CNN rep said. “We are excited for her and her next chapter and wish her all the best.” Malveaux is the latest CNN veteran to depart the network, which is in the process of restructuring after a hefty round of layoffs in early December that left hundreds of staffers jobless. Cuts included prominent CNN correspondents like Barbara Starr, Alison Kosik, Martin Savidge, Alex Field, Mary Ann Fox and Chris Cillizza, among others. A rep told the Washington Post, which first reported the news, that Malveaux’s departure was unrelated to the layoffs. Malveaux said in her note that she contemplated her future during a recent bout with COVID, her second. “There is nothing like being quarantined in your basement to help one gain some momentum from contemplating to actually exploring what lies ahead,” she wrote. During her career at CNN, Malveaux spent 10 years covering the White House, as well as anchoring shows and reporting from Ukraine and other global locations. She also reported on her late mother’s battle with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis, which she highlighted in her note as an important personal accomplishment.