New York Post readers can get their hands on a $1,000 no-risk bet and an additional $50 bonus after your first bet with BetMGM. Just apply the BetMGM bonus code NPBONUS50 when signing up for BetMGM. See how to claim your no-risk bet and preview the this marquee matchup. New BetMGM bettors outside of Ohio and New York can access an exclusive offer. The can receive up to $1,000 back if their first bet loses and will receiver an additional $50 bonus after you first bet. This offer can be used on any matchup slated for today. New BetMGM bettors can get up to $1,000 back if their first bet loses. That’s right, your first bet is full insured with BetMGM. So get in on the action today, as BetMGM has many markets to choose from. BetMGM’s new offer lets customers get up to $200 in betting credits for its sportsbook and online casino with just a $10 initial bet. It has been far from an ideal season for the Toronto Raptors, as they currently sit 13 games back in the East. However, they have rattled off two victories in a row and will get a chance to face the defending world champions, the Golden State Warriors. Golden State has managed to stay afloat with a myriad of injuries, and they have looked sharp of late now that they are almost full strength. Tonight they are sizable favorites, but they should be able to cover at home. The Raptors allow the third highest-three point percentage in the NBA, which spells trouble against the sharpshooting backcourt of Golden State. Back the Warriors at -6 at BetMGM sportsbook.  21+. NY, CO, DC, IA, IN, MI, NJ, NV, PA, TN, WV, IA, VA, WV, and WY only. T&Cs apply. If padding your bankroll without actually placing a bet sounds good to you, then you’ll want to check out BetMGM’s “refer a friend” bonus. BetMGM allows users to refer up to 20 friends, and each time that one of your friends signs up, both of you will receive a $50 bet bonus. For you to claim your bonus, your friend will need to make their first deposit and place their $50 bonus on any side, total, or prop at -200 odds or greater. 21+ and present in OH. Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER.