She’s giving ’em some sugar. A plus-sized content creator, who moonlights as a sugar baby, revealed the cruel comments she receives for not being thin. On Nodica’s TikTok profile, where she touts more than 64,000 followers, she regularly posts clips clapping back at haters who say “rich men” would never “date big girls.” Her wad of cash begs to differ. “Honestly, it makes me sad when people say that rich men don’t date big women because that tells me that the person who feels that way has their own insecurities and are projecting onto others,” she told The Post in an email, saying it’s “sad” how many people are “fatphobic.” “I and many other plus-sized woman have proved that we can date rich men and be treated like queens when we realize our worth!” she added. Online, the 24-year-old parades her luxe lifestyle — which is full of fine dining, designer purchases, free trips and ample amounts of cash. Her glamorous habits are all thanks to men who open up their wallets for her, referring to them as her “candy papas.” On Wednesday, the California TikToker posted her latest proof that “rich men” do, in fact, “date big girls.” “They do over here!!” she captioned the clip, while also promoting her sugar baby classes. “Don’t let people project their insecurities onto you. A lot of women, unfortunately, don’t value themselves unless they are a certain weight. If you value yourself and carry yourself highly then you can do and attract whatever you believe you can. Always remember that.” In the video, she included a sequence of clips that tout her sugar baby successes: a Saint Laurent shopping bag, a white-tablecloth meal, a Venmo transaction for $700, another $100 in Apple Cash, a swath of $100 bills, a bejeweled necklace with her initial and a man seemingly fastening her shoe. Fellow TikTokers commented under her clip in awe of her confidence, applauding the creator for her lavish lifestyle due to her line of work. “I’m here for this,” wrote one user, while another pleaded, “Yesss sis teach me.” “Love to see it,” someone else championed her. “You go girl,” one TikToker agreed, with another commenting, “Just love your energy.” Nodica began her sugar baby business after leaving a “toxic relationship,” she said, in which she was “mistreated” and “not being valued.” Turning to “sugar dating,” which she was always interested in trying, a millionaire treated her better than any man ever did, she claimed, even paying her an allowance and forking up funds for nails, hair, makeup and clothes. “It wasn’t until then I realized my worth,” she said. “I realized that it was possible for me to be valued and treated as such even as a plus-sized woman. Now I only date men who benefit my life and value my time.” Her TikTok content encourages other women to value their worth, see their true beauty and “never settle.” “Most of the time we are scared of what others might think and deep down inside we don’t think we deserve certain things because we may not be perfect to society. But in reality everyone who judges others for whatever reason have plenty of insecurities themselves,” she said. “When you realize that and realize that your worth comes from who you are and what you think of yourself rather than what you look like or your size then you can be so powerful.”