Memorial Day weekend 2023 just got a lot more interesting. From May 26-28, the Boston Calling Music Festival is dropping into Boston’s historic Harvard Athletic Complex and bringing along some of the biggest names in rock to celebrate over the course of the three-day weekend. Just a sampling of the headliners include The Foo Fighters, Yeah Yeah Yeahs, The Lumineers, Alanis Morissette and Paramore. If you think that’s all, we’ve got good news. We’re just getting started. The biggies will also be joined by heavyweights like Queens of the Stone Age, The National, Bleachers, The Walkmen and The Flaming Lips. Plus, this will be Foo Fighters’ first festival appearance since the untimely passing of drummer Taylor Hawkins. There’s still so much more. Yet the best news of all is that single-day and three-day passes can be secured as early as today. Although inventory isn’t available on Ticketmaster until Thursday, Jan. 12, fans who want to ensure they have passes ahead of time can purchase on sites like Vivid Seats before seats are officially on sale. Vivid Seats is a secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand. They have a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and will be delivered before the event.  As noted earlier, this year’s lineup is truly stacked. In addition to all of the artists listed above, Niall Horan, Chelsea Cutler, Mt. Joy, Maren Morris and 070 Shake will be there too. Want to do a deep dive on every act you can possibly see at Boston Calling? Their full 2023 lineup can be seen here.  As lineups start to drop on the daily, now is the time to start scooping up tickets for this year’s slate of music festivals. Here are five you won’t want to miss. • Rolling Loud in Inglewood, CA (March 3-5) • Coachella Arts and Music Festival in Indio, CA (April 14-16 and April 21-23) • Bonnaroo in Manchester, TN (June 15-18) • Lollapalooza in Chicago, IL (Aug. 3-6) • Outside Lands in San Francisco, CA (Aug. 11-13)