It was the ultimate nip slip. One mother went viral after revealing that her whole nipple fell off while she was breastfeeding her one-year-old son, Midnight. Jasmine Chiswell revealed in a series of TikToks posted earlier this month that she didn’t realize her nipple was “hanging off” of her until her husband saw blood coming out of her shirt. “I can’t believe this is a conversation from last night … the pain,” she captioned her initial video, which has over 2 million views. In a second video, which boasts nearly 3 million views, Chiswell gives a more in-depth story about the incident. “I have been breastfeeding my baby for almost a year,” said Chiswell. “He currently has eight teeth.” “Here’s where the story gets wild. Has he ever tried to bite me before?” Chiswell continued. “Yep, nothing quite like this.” According to the new mother, she was feeding her child late at night when he clamped down on her breast and pulled. Chiswell also revealed that ever since her son’s birth, her pain tolerance has risen. “But me being me I just thought the pain was coming from a usual bite, so I went back to sleep,” recalled Chiswell. According to Chiswell, the next morning her husband “got a fright” when he saw that her shirt was covered in blood. “I went to check out what it was,” said the mother. “Honestly, I kid you not, the tip of my nipple was hanging off. I instantly screamed.” Chiswell said that she was told this could happen and that the nipple will just fall off. After “freaking out,” Chiswell allegedly slapped a band-aid and ice pack on the damaged body part and hoped that it would stick back together. According to Healthline.com, a vasospasm — A sudden contraction of the walls of an artery that causes reduced blood flow —  is quite common among women who breastfeed their children. Several TikTokers latched onto this wild story. “My whole body curled up hearing this,” said one user. “It will just STICK ITSELF BACK TOGETHER,” exclaimed another. “I had a biter too. He bite me and I pretended to cry,” revealed one parent. “He in turn cried and never did it again. Good luck!” “NEVER BREASTFEEDING NEVER,” stated a fourth user.