Prince Harry’s wife Meghan Markle had previously expressed worries that his recent bombshell memoir “Spare” could ruffle the wrong feathers. The former actress, 41, had raised “gentle concerns” about the book, wondering if it was the “right move,” sources recently told the Telegraph. “Media-savvy” Markle was a little hesitant for the book to be released, the British newspaper reported, however, she allegedly didn’t want to get herself too involved because she would have been accused of “trying to steal the limelight.” The insider added that once Harry, 38, went ahead with his project, Markle supported him fully. “Is this the way she would have approached things? Possibly not. But she will always back him and would never have got involved in promoting such a personal project,” the source told the Telegraph. “This was about his own life, his journey and his own perspective,” they continued. The father of two shared a plethora of intimate and private details about his life and career as a royal in his 410-page memoir, which was released Jan. 10. He’s even planning to drop a second book, which could be filled with secrets about his estranged father King Charles and older brother Prince William. “The first draft was different,” Harry told the Telegraph’s Bryony Gordon on Jan. 13. “It was 800 pages, and now it’s down to 400 pages. It could have been two books, put it that way. And the hard bit was taking things out.” “There are some things that have happened, especially between me and my brother, and to some extent between me and my father, that I just don’t want the world to know,” the Duke of Sussex explained. “Because I don’t think they would ever forgive me.” Harry made a variety of claims in his autobiography, including how William, 40, reportedly “attacked him” in 2019 and “alarming” comments about his elder bro’s baldness. There is one passage in his book where the Invictus Games founder outrageously confessed he was bred for “spare parts” for William. “Two years older than me, Willy was the Heir, whereas I was the Spare,” he wrote. “I was the shadow, the support, the Plan B. I was brought into the world in case something happened to Willy,” he said. Harry noted that he understood his role in the family was to be a “diversion” and “distraction” from his brother — and to provide, “if necessary, a spare part” to him. “Kidney, perhaps. Blood transfusion. Speck of bone marrow,” Harry penned.