Pamela Anderson is baring it all — even her attempt at murder. In the forthcoming Netflix documentary, “Pamela, a love story,” out Jan. 31, Anderson, 55, reveals that she tried to kill her female babysitter for molesting her as a child. “It was like three or four years of abuse,” the iconic “Baywatch” belle, from Ladysmith, Canada, says of the trauma she sustained at the hands of an unnamed nanny. “She always told me not to tell my parents. I tried to protect my brother from her,” Anderson, who did not respond to a request for comment, adds. “I tried to kill her — tried to stab her in the heart with a candy cane pen.” However, when her attempt to spear the evildoer failed, a young Anderson made a grim wish that eerily preceded the woman’s sudden death. “I told her I wanted her to die, and she died in a car accident the next day,” says the former Playboy pinup in the doc. “I thought I’d killed her with my magical mind and I couldn’t tell anybody. “I was sure that I did it, that I’d wished her dead and she died,” continues Anderson. “I lived with that the whole of my young life.” Elsewhere in ther autobiographical piece, Anderson reads aloud her childhood diaries to reveal that she was raped by a 25-year-old male neighbor at the age of 12. “[Me and a friend] went to a friend’s condo, she went upstairs with the guy she had a crush on,” she says. “I started to play backgammon downstairs with his friend while I waited for her.” But their friendly game came to an abrupt end owing to a nefarious shift in the atmosphere. “We played for a while until he said I looked like I needed a massage,” she recalls. “He was 25, I was 12. He raped me. I felt like it was my fault.” Feeling as if she had no one to turn to for help following the incident, Anderson kept the attack a secret for years. In the film, the celebrated centerfold also weighs in on Hulu’s Emmy-nominated “Pam & Tommy” series, starring Lily James and Sebastian Stan. The eight-episode anthology recounts the unauthorized distribution of a sex tape that she filmed with ex-husband and Motley Crüe drummer Tommy Lee, 60, during their 1995 honeymoon at Lake Mead. “It really gives me nightmares,” Anderson says of the series. “I have no desire to watch it, I’m not going to watch it,” she continues. “Never watched the tape, I’m not going to watch this.” Anderson says the production did provide her and Lee, with whom she shares adult sons Brandon Thomas and Dylan Jagger Lee, with an opportunity to peacefully reconnect. “I texted Tommy and said ‘How do you feel about everything?’ and he said, ‘Pam, just don’t let it hurt you as much as it did the first time,’” she says. “Why would I want to go through that again?”