Savor this weekend; after this, the season’s mostly over. Once Sunday comes to a close, there will only be three games remaining. After which, we will begin the countdown to the NFL Draft. Last week, our player prop picks did slightly above average in terms of profitability. As usual, these are value spots, not -110 coin flips. It is unlikely we bat 50%, but the goal is to make some profit. Last week, we grabbed 3.5 units of profit thanks to Joe Burrow’s goal line plunge to cash at +625. Below I preview my favorite NFL divisional round player prop picks. We hate taking bets that are juiced this heavily. But Travis Kelce to score a touchdown is -137 on BetMGM and as high as -205 on other sportsbooks. This is absolutely a target spot, as the Jaguars are allowing the highest yards per target in the NFL in the last eight weeks. The Jaguars do not defend tight ends well, and Kelce is the best in football. See where we are going here? Last week it was Joe Burrow +625, this week it is Trevor Lawrence. Lawrence rushed five times for touchdowns this season and had a two-point conversion goal line plunge last week. This is a smash spot and another phenomenal line on WynnBet on a quarterback TD scorer prop. Most books have this closer to +350. Daniel Jones has been throwing dimes his last few weeks as the Giants quarterback. Future NFL Coach of the Year award winner Brian Daboll has let Jones loose and the results are excellent. Look for Jones to run again this weekend, as the Eagles allow the second most yards per carry to opposing quarterbacks. Their linebackers are far from the strength of this Philadelphia defense. Jalen Hurts hasn’t thrown many interceptions this season, but that shoulder wasn’t injured, either. In his last two games played, he has three interceptions, doubling his total during the regular season. One of those was against the Giants. In a high-intensity playoff game, the running quarterback will be looking to sling it throughout. At +126, on Caesars, this is very fair value on the Eagles’ signal caller. AJ Brown is a matchup nightmare for the New York Giants and their returning cornerback crew. Whether he matches up with Darnay Holmes, Adoree Jackson, or Fabian Moreau, Brown’s physical style is enough to beat anyone. Now, this is about betting a number. This number is a significant discrepancy from other books that have it at +400. AJ Brown could feast against the Giants, and who doesn’t love a long shot prop? This guy loves the playoffs. And the matchup is lovely. The Dallas Cowboys’ secondary relies on so many below-average players that the true weakness is their secondary. They allowed the most touchdowns in the NFL to opposing wide receivers and Deebo Samuel is the swiss army knife that provides matchup nightmare scenarios for the Cowboys.