The Brendan Fraser Renaissance has the actor feeling the love. “I just broke out crying. That solved all the problems,” recalled the “Mummy” star, 54, about the standing ovations he received at the London and Venice film festivals for his recent drama “The Whale,” which has led to a career comeback. The Canadian star got candid about the next stage of his surprising career resurgence on “Late Night with Seth Meyers” Wednesday. “I feel like I’m still waiting for someone to walk in and tell me that the jig is up, you know?” he added. “I think it depends on who’s holding the stopwatch, to tell you the truth,” he quipped, referring to the amount of time each film fest ovation lasted, including Venice — which logged in at six minutes. “I know I’m doing what I love,” Fraser added. “I’m really happy to be able to do that.” For the Darren Aronofsky flick, Fraser wore prosthetics and a fat suit to play the character, an obese and depressed gay schoolteacher. However, the suit caused controversy for allegedly promoting “fatphophia,” and Aronofsky, 53, addressed the hate last month. The director told Yahoo! Entertainment at the time that “actors have been using makeup since the beginning of acting.” “The lengths we went to to portray the realism of the makeup has never been done before,” he said. “One of my first calls after casting Brendan was to my makeup artist, Adrien Morot. I asked him, ‘Can we do something that’s realistic?’ Because if it’s going to look like a joke, then we shouldn’t do it.” “Gods and Monsters” star Fraser revealed to Interview magazine last November how his eldest son Griffin, 20, helped him to better understand his role as a 600-pound man. “He just turned 20. He’s a big kid, he’s 6-foot-5. He’s got big hands and feet, a big body. I understand intimately what it is to be close to a person who lives with obesity,” he said. The “School Ties” actor was nominated for a Golden Globe for his performance, although Fraser does not plan to attend the ceremony Jan. 10. He claimed that former Hollywood Foreign Press Association President Philip Berk sexually assaulted him in the early 2000s.