When the Knicks faced the Spurs on Thursday, Mitchell Robinson turned in a rare quiet night statistically. On Wednesday, Robinson will get another shot at the Spurs to continue what has otherwise been a strong run of late for the fifth-year center. “That’s the challenge is to keep coming forward,” coach Tom Thibodeau said. “And very quietly, he’s played at a very high level during this same stretch. When you look at his net rating over the last 15 games, it’s really very, very high. And so, his impact on the rim defensively, protecting the rim — his pick-and-roll coverage is terrific. People are always looking for him. “And then offensively, I think he’s put a lot of extra work in. He’s getting more comfortable with the ball. Obviously, putting pressure on the rim, rolling, but the offensive rebounding is invaluable to us. It’s huge. And then those are big-time multiple-effort plays that he’s making, and I think when guys do that — whether it’s diving for a loose ball, offensive rebound, a hustle-type play — that does nothing but unite and inspire your team. So, we’re feeding off that energy.” Over the last 15 games, Robinson’s net rating of 16.8 — how many points the Knicks are outscoring opponents by per 100 possessions when he is on the floor — is the highest of any NBA player who has played in all 15 of his team’s games. The Knicks are 10-5 during that stretch with Robinson averaging 8.1 points, 10.3 rebounds (5.0 offensive rebounds), 1.6 blocks, 1.3 assists and 1.1 steals per game — even with his zero-point, six-rebound effort against the Spurs on Thursday. Thibodeau commended Robinson for his improved decision making in the restricted area this season, serving as the anchor to the Knicks’ defense. Julius Randle connected Robinson’s growth to their work together in Dallas during the summer. “He just has a certain level of focus and maturity that I haven’t seen from him in years past, that he’s building off of every night,” Randle said. “And I think his confidence is growing.” Derrick Rose (contused left knee) was listed as questionable after missing Monday’s game against the Suns. Obi Toppin (non-displaced fracture right fibula), meanwhile, was upgraded to doubtful. He has been out since sustaining the injury on Dec. 7. Among the Knicks who have received garbage-time minutes in recent games are Ryan Arcidiacono and Svi Mykhailiuk. The only healthy, active Knick who has not? Cam Reddish, who last got into a game on Dec. 3 before losing his spot in the rotation. Thibodeau was asked on Sunday whether Reddish had been sitting because of a pending trade. “I don’t know about any of that stuff,” Thibodeau said. “We just want him to stay ready. It’s a coach’s decision.”