Prince Andrew could soon be back in the royal family’s good graces once again. After being stripped of his HRH [“His Royal Highness”] moniker and several of his patronages last year by the late Queen Elizabeth, the Duke of York, 62, could be getting his title back. He was barred from using the labels following his association with pedophile Jeffrey Epstein. A source told the Daily Mail that his older brother King Charles III is thinking about restoring the title to Andrew. However, the 74-year-old monarch won’t be formally announcing any HRH restoration just yet, as he hopes to not stir up drama. The source at the Daily Mail alleges that Andrew is hoping to use his HRH title again as he pursues various (and undisclosed) business ventures. “It is more likely that he will just start using it again in a low-key way to test the waters — should he get the King’s consent,” the insider dished. While Andrew lost his patronages, he is still a Royal Knight of the Garter and a Knight Grand Cross of the Royal Victorian Order. The queen, who passed away in September 2022, reportedly told Andrew face-to-face that he would no longer be known as His Royal Highness. She broke the news to the father of two at Windsor Castle in January of last year. That same month, the sovereign also took away his military titles. “With The Queen’s approval and agreement, The Duke of York’s military affiliations and Royal patronages have been returned to The Queen,” Buckingham Palace said in a statement at the time. They also noted that Andrew would no longer use the HRH title in any official capacity. The disrobing of Andrew’s official royal labels came amid his sexual assault case that Epstein victim Virginia Giuffre brought. He has denied any wrongdoing and settled the case last February. Prince Harry recently slammed his uncle in his new memoir “Spare” over his connections to Epstein. Harry, 38, claimed that Andrew was able to keep his security detail despite his relationship with the sex offender, while he and his wife Meghan Markle had theirs taken away. “Despite being involved in an embarrassing scandal, accused of having sexually abused a young woman, nobody had suggested removing his security,” the Duke of Sussex penned of Andrew. “People may have a lot of grievances towards us, but sexual offenses weren’t one of them,” he added.