Dozens of New York City employees who lost their jobs for not complying with the COVID-19 vaccine mandate have filed a $250 million lawsuit seeking to end the rule as the pandemic is winding down, new court papers show. The group of 72 former employees are asking a judge to overturn the mandate given that politicians, including President Biden, Gov. Kathy Hochul, Sen. Chuck Schumer, have “all declared the pandemic is over,” according to a Bronx Supreme Court lawsuit from Thursday. Many of the fired employees — from the NYPD, FDNY, Department of Education, Department of Health and other agencies –worked for the city for over 20 years, still they “were ‘thrown to the curb’ and callously terminated,” the suit claims. The city continues to enforce the mandate for public sector employees is “arbitrary and capricious,” given it has “been rescinded for virtually everyone else in New York City,” the filing charges. The suit claims that being vaccinated doesn’t fully prevent people from still spreading the virus, and notes certain side effects have increased in those who were vaccinated. Meanwhile, those who haven’t been vaccinated “have passed COVID-19 and have natural immunity,” the court papers claim. New York Supreme Court Judge Gerard Neri struck down the mandate for healthcare workers last week, finding that the city cannot enforce a mandate that hasn’t been passed into law by state legislators, the new suit says, arguing a mandate is “beyond the scope” of local government. The city also “failed to engage in a cooperative dialogue” with workers who filed applications for religious and medical exemptions, violating city Human Rights laws, the suit alleges. The ex-workers “have been unemployed for over a year, and most have lost their homes or the ability to support their families,” the filing claims. “Petitioners have been mocked for their religious beliefs,” including by the city, the court papers say. The ex-employees are seeking $250 million in punitive damages from the city. James Mermigis — who’s been dubbed the “Anti-shutdown” lawyer for filing a slew of pandemic-related litigation — told The Post “every single one [of my clients was] terminated unjustly … they stood steadfast to their religious beliefs, and they were terminated.” “They deserve to get their jobs back,” he said. “Most of the petitioners have been employed for over 20 years, and the city showed a lack of respect to these people,” Mermigis said. “They just terminated them as if they were working there for six months.” Over 1,750 city workers were fired for refusing to get the jab, including 36 members of the NYPD and over 950 DOE employees. A Staten Island judge in October ordered city workers who were fired to be reinstated to their jobs finding that the health department’s Oct. 20, 2021 order for public workers to be vaccinated exceeded the DOH’s authority. That decision is currently being appealed. A spokesperson with the city Law Department said, “We’ll review the case once served.” City Hall deferred to the Law Department.