Believe it or not, not all of Miami’s latest and greatest residential developments come with a brand name. Some of the most interesting projects hitting the scene right now stand on their own two feet, crafted by top developers and architects. Ugo Colombo’s CMC Group is behind one of the most anticipated: Vita at Grove Isle. “I wanted to build something that was a cross between a condominium and a house,” Colombo tells Alexa exclusively. “I wanted to target that house buyer that is tired of the maintenance, but wants to have the same space and the same openness and the closeness to the water.” Located on a secluded, 20-acre isle just off the coast of booming Coconut Grove, the waterfront project will rise seven stories. It curves in a semicircle with the island’s natural contours to offer Biscayne Bay views to all of its 65 units. Three- and four-bedroom units range from 2,500 to 5,000 square feet and will feature Marquina marble, Noce Canaletto wood and polished Bianco marble. A reserve of 10 duplex penthouses will have a dedicated elevator and access to private rooftop amenities. The project, which completes in 2026, launched sales earlier this year and is already 40% sold, Colombo says. It will also feature a residents-only restaurant, private marina and tennis and pickleball courts. Prices start at $5 million for the lower residences, and penthouses start at $10.1 million. Meanwhile, the newest residential condominium rising on Miami Beach is Five Park. Developed by Russell Galbut and David Martin at 500 Alton Road, the 48-story project will have 238 two- to five-bedroom fully-finished residences ranging in size from 1,434 square feet to 6,000 square feet. It’s set to wrap up construction in 2024. Amenities will include a 24-hour concierge, a members-only residents club on the 26th floor, a wellness lounge, pool, screening room and co-working space. Prices start at $3 million. But in Brickell, developer Yamal Yidios of Ytech has something really innovative up his sleeve: a building that they’re calling “the first high-rise residential tower in the world partially powered by the sun.” Dubbed The Residences at 1428 Brickell, the 70-story project will create 189 homes priced from $2 million to $7 million, plus a penthouse collection priced from $8 million to over $40 million. Designers ACPV Architects and Arquitectonica are behind the environmentally conscious building, which will integrate photovoltaic glazing into the building’s glass façade to reduce carbon output. In all, this “solar backbone” will consist of 20,000 square feet — or 500 pieces — of glass, capable of producing up to 170 megawatts of clean energy per year. It’s a design that will make you feel less guilty as you bask in the tower’s 80,000 square feet of amenities, including a two-story wine and fine-art lounge (there’s even an on-site somm), pool and wellness floors. Now, that’s a first.