The Lakers are finally making roster moves. Los Angeles is finalizing a trade that will send guard Kendrick Nunn and three second-round picks to the Wizards for forward Rui Hachimura, according to multiple reports. The Wizards will reportedly receive the Bulls’ 2023 second-round pick, the Lakers’ 2029 second-rounder and another second-rounder in 2028. Wizards head coach Wes Unseld said the 24-year-old Hachimura missed Monday’s practice due to personal reasons. Both sides were reportedly unable to come to terms on a rookie contract extension. Hachimura is averaging 13 points on 48.8 percent shooting, 4.3 rebounds and 1.2 assists in 24.3 minutes per game this season. “I’ve just got to keep focus on the moment right now,” Hachimura said after scoring 30 points in a win over the Magic on Saturday night. “I know all the stuff going on right now. I’ve just got to play the games and just to be myself… I just got to play my game. I know what I can do, and I can help the team to win. It’s either here or other team. I can help teams.” The Gonzaga product was selected ninth overall by the Wizards in the 2019 NBA Draft. It’s unclear if Hachimura will be available when the Lakers host the Clippers on Tuesday. Hachimura’s name has been tossed around in the trade market as the deadline approaches on Feb. 9. “I just want to be somewhere that wants me as a basketball player, and I want to be somewhere that likes my game,” Hachimura said. When asked if Washington is that place, he replied: “I don’t know. We’ve got to find out.” At the time, Hachimura played coy about his future, saying, “I don’t know,” when he was asked if he wanted to be traded. The Japanese pro then declined to comment when asked if he requested a trade. The 6-foot-8, 230-pound forward will add a strong presence to a struggling Lakers team that’s lacking a big man as Anthony Davis is out with a right foot injury. The Lakers have fallen below .500 and currently sit in the 12th spot in the Western Conference. They are one game back of the 10th-place Warriors for the final spot in the play-in tournament. The Lakers — who’ve dealt with roster construction issues since last year when they were eliminated from playoff contention — are trying to surround LeBron James with a better core. The 38-year-old has expressed his frustration with the team’s lack of shooting and losing record. Nunn, who signed with Lakers as a free agent in 2021, missed his first season with the team due to a knee injury. The 27-year-old guard is averaging 6.7 points on 40.6% shooting in 39 games for the Lakers.