A duo threatened a Manhattan jewelry-store worker with a gun and pepper spray before smashing a display case and swiping about $1,000 in rings, cops said Tuesday. The pair entered Ray’s Midtown Jewelry on Lexington Avenue near East 45th Street around 5:20 p.m. Wednesday and approached a 53-year-old man working at the counter, authorities said. One of the suspects pulled a gun and told the employee he would shoot him if he didn’t open the display case, police said. The other crook pulled out a can of pepper spray, cops said. The gun-wielding man used his weapon to break open the top of the display case while the other culprit jumped over the counter and grabbed about $1,000 in rings, authorities said. The worker grappled with the robber on his side of the counter before both suspects took off with the jewelry, cops said. No injuries were reported. Cops released surveillance photos of both suspects Tuesday morning. During the stick-up, the suspect with the gun wore a black face mask, black hooded sweatshirt, black backpack with red straps and light gray sweatpants. But afterward, the gunman, who had a thin build, changed into a red hooded sweatshirt, red pants and black sneakers  and was last seen wearing a black backpack with red straps, cops said. The suspect with the pepper spray was described as having a thin build, black hair, facial hair and tattoos on both forearms. Inside the jewelry store, he wore a dark blue backpack, black face mask, black hooded sweatshirt, light gray pants and black sneakers. He later changed into a dark blue backpack, black T-shirt, black pants and black sneakers, cops said. The business was shuttered when The Post showed up there Tuesday – and the owner did not answer the phone. A man who only gave his first name, Michael, said he walked into the store moments after the heist. “You could see the glass was smashed all over and [the owner] was terrified,” said the 57-year-old customer, who works in financial services and commutes in from New Jersey. “He’s scared, you know. I mean he hasn’t opened up since. And you feel bad for the guy, because you know this is really killing his business. I mean he’s got overhead, and he’s afraid to open.” “The east side is typically a nice place,” he said. “It shouldn’t be like that, not right here so close to Grand Central.” A clerk at Lex News stand next door to the jewelry store, who only gave his first name, Sharif, 58, said he is afraid he’ll become a victim too. “New York City is a big problem now. No security,” said Sharif, who lives in Brooklyn. “It is really getting very bad here. We have a problem. I do not know who comes in who has a gun. They ask for $100 in scratchers and then they reach in their jacket and I am worried they pull out a gun.” “I do not know who has a gun,” he said. “I’m scared.”