He feels the need to seed. A prolific sperm donor who has fathered 57 children says he abstains from sex so he can save his “tip-top” semen for deposit. Kyle Gordy, 31, first began donating his specimen back in 2014 and has helped more than four dozen women become mothers over the past 9 years. The California native used to enjoy a steamy sex life, but his hookups are now “nonexistent” as his sperm donor “hobby” has taken on added importance. “One of the reasons I don’t go out and have sex is because I want to save it [sperm] up and give the best possible chance of pregnancy,” Gordy told Jam Press. “I abstain until I donate, so I can build up my sperm count and release it for the best [chance of] success.” The fertile father of 57 says he also forgoes frisky romps due to the risk of contracting infections that could potentially impact his sperm count. “I don’t want to risk having sex with random women and getting an STD, so there’s a lot of responsibility on my shoulders and I’m not going to take any chances,” the donor declared. Meanwhile, Gordy revealed that he no longer masturbates for pleasure, saying he now associates the act with sperm donation. “I think because I’ve masturbated so many times, it’s started to feel quite robotic and repetitive,” he stated. Recently, Gordy traveled to the UK and France, where he donated to three women — all of whom are now pregnant. After returning home, he also donated to another woman and, in total, fathered four children within a month. With a total of 14 more children on the way, Gordy is not planning on stopping sperm donation anytime soon, but says he is becoming “fussier” about the people he gives his seed to. “I’m asking more questions about their work, mental health, financial situation, and parenting attitudes,” he explained. “As long as the woman ticks the boxes and can care for the child without any issues, then I will happily help.” Sharing his tips for men who are hoping to become fathers, Gordy says his strong sperm is down to a good night’s sleep and keeping stress out of his life. “I think a good sleep helps and I try to get in as many naps per day as possible,” he explained. “I think I’m sleeping around 10 hours per day, sometimes more if needed.” “Avoiding stress where possible has also helped with my sperm,” he enthusiastically added. Gordy has previously spoken out about how he has had a difficult time dating, saying most women are turned off by the fact has dozens of kids scattered across the globe. “Although I’ve had a few women interested in a possible relationship, it never goes anywhere,” he lamented last year. But the dad has forged meaningful relationships with some of the women who have received his sperm. Last year, Ukrainian woman Alina Iakushyna, 31, gushed over Gordy after he provided his semen to her. “It was enjoyable from start to finish and it was an absolute joy getting to know him,” she stated. “My baby is beautiful and a miracle. I’m thankful to Kyle for making my dreams come true.”