The weather is getting chillier by the day and the snow is settling on the top ski destinations around the world. This means one thing: it’s time to get your gear ready — ski jackets, snow pants, fleece-lined leggings, googles, snow boots, helmets and of course, skis — to hit the slopes. Whether you spend your time on the mountain skiing down the most intense moguls or prefer to spend a couple hours on the bunny hill (no judgment!), no ski day is complete without a few drinks at the bar with your crew. This is where après-ski comes into play. “Après-ski” is French for “after ski,” and is the time spent after hitting the slopes while drinking with friends. While it totally depends on where you’re skiing, après-ski generally begins when the lift closes or really, anytime after lunchtime and ends before it get’s dark, around dinnertime. To many, aprés-ski is just as fun (if not more fun) than the actually skiing itself. There’s many definitions of après-ski but it ranges from a couple hot toddies at a nearby cabin (think Stowe, Vermont), to dancing on top of a table with champagne showers, luxurious fondue, EDM music and spending thousands of dollars. If you’re asking yourself if we’re describing the infamous Cloud Nine in Aspen, Colorado, you’d be correct. Whatever you want! There’s no dress code when it comes to après-ski. Whether you want to wear a FENDI puffer jacket or a regular-ole’ ski coat you’ve had for a decade — the choice is up to you. Generally people walk off the slopes, drop their skis on the rack and then head right to the bar directly from the mountain. Maybe they’ll drop the rest of their gear in a nearby locker and head to their after-ski destination or just bring it directly with them! For those that don’t ski but want to join in on the fun, a pair of jeans, boots and a warm jacket will go a long way. Plenty of people rock their ski goggles at the bar for sun protection but tucking a pair of sunnies and hat in your jacket pocket, works too. Many high-end fashion brands have skiwear lines, including FENDI! This hooded jacket will make you feel and look chic on and off the slopes if you’re willing to splurge. For something a little bit more affordable — check out our edit on the best women’s ski jackets. The Sorel Tivoli IV Boots are ideal for the woman who needs an excellent snow boot but doesn’t want to sacrifice style! They’ll keep your feet extra warm, have great traction and come in five different colors to match whatever winter look you’re working with. For a warm but cute (and affordable) winter hat to keep your ears warm while you sip on some champagne, you can’t go wrong with this lululemon knit pom beanie. Since the sun reflection on the snow can get pretty glaring (literally) a pair of polarized sunglasses is a must. These Ray-Bans are a great option that will last you for years to come. Free People Movement has a wide selection of durable but fashionable skiwear that you’ll likely fall in love with. These Valencia ski pants are made in a soft, woven fabric that offer stretch and comfort all day long on the mountain and the bar. While après-ski started in Norway in the mid-1800s and really took off in the Alps in the 1950s — these days you can find plenty of après-ski destinations all over the world. Whether you want to spend time in Chamonix, France or Park City, Utah in the states, the world is your oyster when it comes to drinking by the slopes. Aspen has no shortage of iconic après-ski haunts, including the Cloud Nine on Aspen Highlands mountain, Ajax Tavern in the Little Nell hotel, Zane’s Tavern and Venga Venga. Park City’s High West Distillery specializes in whiskey blends and as an amazing saloon menu featuring original classic cocktails. No Name Saloon, the St. Regis Deer Valley and the Après Lounge Montage are also popular spots for an after-ski drink. For those with kids, The Champions Club at the Stein Eriksen Lodge is a great option. This après-ski guide wouldn’t be complete without at least one international recommendation. If you’re willing to leave the states, you can’t go wrong with beautiful Chamonix, France. With three culures colliding (France, Switizerland and Italy, of course), Chamonix has a plethora of après-ski spots that will be hard to resist. The Langley Hotel Gustavia and the La Folie Douce Hotel are just two of the many to chose from. For more content, check out the New York Post Shopping section.