The late Aaron Hernandez’s fiancée is in hot water for allegedly mishandling the trust fund left for the couple’s 10-year-old daughter. Shayanna Jenkins-Hernandez has been spending an exorbitant amount of her daughter’s money on questionable items, according to court documents obtained by PEOPLE. The mother of two spent a whopping $17,000 in clothing, $10,000 in entertainment expenses and thousands in “self-case costs,” the outlet reported. Jenkins-Hernandez spent $12,000 at HomeGoods alone, expense filings state. Trust attorney David Schwartz began objecting to Jenkins-Hernandez’s reimbursement invoices in September after she asked for $10,000 from the trust to cover the cost of daughter Avielle’s competitive dance lessons. Schwartz, a court-appointed lawyer, denied the request. The annual $150,000 issued to Jenkins-Hernandez to cover Avielle’s daily expenses is enough to cover her dance classes, Schwartz argued. “Large amounts of money are spent under each category of the Accountings, with little clear identification of how these disbursements benefit Avielle,” the documents state. “The Trustee understands that providing for Avielle includes expenses related to her household, but the expenditures from her late father’s NFL pension and Social Security benefits merit investigation for their reasonableness, if not correctness.” Schwartz filed a request asking that Jenkins-Hernandez be removed as Avielle’s conservator, but she fired back and demanded that he be removed as the trustee. According to Jenkins-Hernandez, Schwartz’s reimbursement rejection was keeping Avielle from her hobby. “There is every reason to question whether and how the Conservator is applying the significant resources that should be available to pay for Avielle’s daily needs, including dance lessons, especially since all of her basic housing security and educational expenses are paid from the Trust,” Schwartz’s legal team said. Jenkins-Hernandez gave birth to Avielle the year before Hernandez was arrested for the 2013 murder of Odin Llyod, the man dating her sister. The former NFL player was sentenced to life in prison in 2015, but died by suicide in his cell two years later at the age of 27.