She couldn’t check these oversized bags. A Russian model endowed with gargantuan breasts claims that she can’t fly economy due to her behemoth bust — which is so big it often causes awkward accidents. ”I always fly business or first class, especially for a long flight,” Anastasiya Berthier, 26, told Nude PR of her voluptuous 34KK bosoms, which she frequently shares with her 1.5 million followers on Instagram. The Dubai-based influencer, who originally hails from Moscow, says flying first tier is a must as “you can unfold the chair and stretch your back, also I prefer more privacy.” This might seem like an excuse to circumvent flying coach, however, the buxom gal’s mammoth mammaries — which she claims are all natural — have been anything but convenient. “When trying something on at the clothing store I can get stuck and may need help to take off the item,” lamented Berthier. “Sometimes, I tear my clothes when I try to get into or take them off.” Indeed, the chesty influencer says it’s an odyssey finding clothing to fit her cumbersome cans. “I have no chances in Victoria’s Secret, unfortunately,” quipped Berthier, who normally orders bras “online from special websites for larger chest women.” Even then, she says it’s hard to find wires that can accommodate her huge boobs, and often ends up having to get them custom-made. Berthier says her breasts have caused “clumsy accidents,” which is “so awkward.” “I always crush things on the table with them!” she told Nude PR. “I’ve also accidentally hit people with them when I’m out shopping and knocked things over.” And whacking things isn’t the only way her bust causes mayhem: Berthier recounted the time a driver nearly got into a “very bad accident” after getting distracted by her cans. “I went horseback riding and decided to wear a very open top,” the Instagram star recalled. ”Everything was fine until the horse ran and my boobs just fell out!” She added, ”At the same time the car was passing by us and the driver got so shocked that he almost lost control of the vehicle!” Berthier isn’t the only one experiencing problems due to her titanic ta-tas. A Welsh model with size M-cup boobs recently revealed how Americans treat her like a piece of meat due to her supersized assets.