They’re McLovin’ it. A McDonald’s in Welshpool, Wales, just over the border from England, has been dubbed “the best in the world” by a Michelin-starred chef. Beyond run-of-the-mill Big Macs, the deluxe menu is said to feature sandwiches with truffle-fragrant mayonnaise and Cadbury chocolate-filled McFlurries. The five-star fast-food claim comes from United Kingdom chef Gareth Ward, who runs two-Michelin-star restaurant Ynyshir Restaurant & Rooms in Wales, according to UK reports. Ward’s culinary opus Ynyshir, housed inside a country house hotel, was named the best restaurant in the UK in 2022. But that hasn’t stopped him from tipping his toque to the humble roadside eatery, saying the Welshpool location was among the top three restaurants in Wales — and the best of its kind anywhere. “It’s just absolutely smashing it. Last time I had a crispy chicken and it definitely had something like truffle mayonnaise on it. I don’t think it did, but it tasted like it did,” Ward told UK media outlet Wales Online. “Everybody I speak to says this is, by far, the best McDonald’s in the world.” The chain’s McCrispy chicken sandwich is coated in a black pepper mayonnaise and served between a sourdough-style sesame bun, according to its website. Other unique menu items include Nacho Cheese Wedges filled with spicy jalapeno slices served with sour cream and chive dip. The restaurant also has a vegan burger made with plant-based Beyond Meat. And unlike the M&M’s and Oreo bits typically found in US McFlurry’s — the chain’s soft-serve desert — fixings at the Welshpool outpost include Cadbury chocolate. One reporter, Anna Lewis, went to investigate the alleged truffle mayo herself. When it came to taste, Lewis raved to Wales Online that the chicken sandwich came out “piping hot” with “crunchy coating.” “There was plenty of mayonnaise on the McCrispy burger too, but sadly no truffle — either that or my palate wasn’t refined enough to pick it up,” Lewis said, noting the cheeseburger was superb and had just the right amount of pickles. The acclaimed Golden Arches is only a little shy of 2 years old and has also garnered rave online reviews from customers. “The staff are polite, the service is quick and the food is fresh … This one is different,” one user boasted in a Google review. Another praised the restaurant for having a tasty plant-based option. “Went to this McDonald’s to get a MC plant burger and it was delicious, the staff are super friendly, the service was so quick. Definitely a great McDonald’s with super staff! Wish all McDonald’s were as good as this one,” the Google review read.