This jingle is a whopping sensation. Burger King has unwittingly created a phenomenon with its new Whopper advertisement song, which keeps airing during NFL game commercial breaks — and getting stuck in viewers’ heads. The 30-second commercial, which was posted on YouTube after playing multiple times during this season, details the many combinations customers can “have it their way,” as the longtime Burger King slogan goes. “Whopper, whopper, whopper, whopper, Junior, double, triple whopper,” the repetitive but catchy song lyrics go. Now, the viral commercial has turned a feeding frenzy for memes, renditions and remixes on the internet, drawing in mixed reactions from fans and foes. The Post has reached out to Burger King for comment. The fast food chain also created an equally catchy spinoff for its royal crispy chicken sandwich, repeating the word “chicken” over and over. A full version of the song, which similarly is sung in an almost monotone voice and combines both the Whopper and the royal crispy chicken sandwich, was released on TikTok where it has nearly 2 million views. “Mom: ‘what are you listening to?’ me: ‘whopper whopper whopper,'” joked one user. “The best song ever,” said another. “Bro, this is honestly the best promotion in the fast food chain because they actually put work into these lyrics. It’s crazy and really catchy,” chimed in a third person. “This is what BK was praying for to happen with their advertisement and we all fell for it hard,” said a fourth user. Some viewers compared the singer’s voice to that of “VEEP” star Sam Richardson, who has denied taking part in the viral commercial. “That is not me singing that Burger King commercial. Thank you,” tweeted Richardson. The song, which is entitled “You Rule,” according to the ad agency O’Keefe Reinhard & Paul, is a spinoff of the original 1970s “Have it Your Way” ad, according to QSR magazine, which noted the fast food joint spent $400 million on rebranding. “Advertising, at its best, is most relevant to people when you celebrate them first, not the brand. And that’s what we love about ‘You Rule’,” said Tom O’Keefe of OKRP. “It invites people in with an approach that recognizes their world, not just sells them stuff.” “We’re giving them permission to feel like winners, with Burger King as a small reward that makes their day a bit better.” Several Twitter users loved the new jingle. “*Rihanna descends from the sky* *lands on Super Bowl halftime stage* *grabs mic, looks into the camera* ‘whopper whopper whopper whopper,'” tweeted one fan. “Burger King’s marketing team, coming up with the Whopper song,” tweeted another alongside the meme of Jane Lynch from “Glee.” One user even transformed the commercial into a wedding march. However, some seemed to be annoyed by the catchy song. “Raise your hand if you’ve been personally victimized by that Burger King Whopper commercial,” slammed one person. “Even my 7-year-old son can’t stand those stupid commercials. He hated them before i did,” said another. “I am starting a movement to boycott Burger King until they take the Whopper commercial off the air,” a third person declared. Despite mixed commentary, Burger King was simply determined to keep the song in your head. “Let’s face it, the song is irresistible, whether or not you remember the old jingle,” said O’Keefe. “We’re hoping it’ll be the earworm you can’t shake off.”