WASHINGTON — President Biden yet again referred to his vice president, Kamala Harris, as “President Harris” during Thursday remarks on immigration at the White House. “President Harris led this effort — led this effort to make things better in the countries from which they are leaving,” the 80-year-old president said. Later in his remarks, Biden correctly identified Harris as the “vice president.” The oldest-ever president has made the same error in public on at least five prior occasions. In October, Biden called Harris a “great president” while wishing her a happy birthday. Last January, Biden referred to the veep as “President Harris” during a speech in Georgia, in which he also falsely claimed he was arrested multiple times fighting for civil rights. In December 2021, Biden told students of a historically black college in South Carolina that “of course President Harris is a proud Howard alum.” Less than two months after taking office, Biden in March 2021 referred to “President Harris” while celebrating the US nearing the milestone of 100 million COVID-19 vaccine doses being administered. In December 2020, after winning the presidential election, Biden referred to his running mate as “President-elect Harris” while discussing how she publicly received a COVID-19 vaccine shot. Biden is the oldest-ever president and his mental acuity frequently is a matter of public debate, particularly after he asked “Where’s Jackie?” while seeking out the late Rep. Jackie Walorski (R-Ind.) in September, despite publicly mourning her death and even calling her family to offer his condolences in August. Harris, 58, would be the first female president if Biden leaves office before his term is complete. According to a forthcoming book by author and presidential staffing expert Chris Whipple, Biden told a friend that Harris was a “work in progress” sometime after June 2021, after the president heard that Harris’ husband, Douglas Emhoff, was complaining about Biden assigning her to work on migration and voting rights. Biden says he intends to run for a second term in 2024. He would be 86 years old if he completes a full second term in January 2029.