Rep. Kevin McCarthy (R-Calif.) was on the verge of becoming the next speaker of the House a ballot before he ultimately clinched the role — but was left one vote short when old foe Rep. Matt Gaetz derailed his chances by voting “present.” Gaetz’s antics in the 14th ballot of the marathon speakership contest led to a stunning scene on the House floor as McCarthy slowly walked up the gallery steps to confront the Florida lawmaker with an icy stare. The two spoke animatedly for roughly a minute, with lawmakers huddled around them, as Gaetz pointed his finger at McCarthy during the tense exchange. McCarthy walked away in disgust, but turned back around and approached him again as the tensions continued to boil. Adding to the wild scene, Rep. Mike Rogers of Alabama had to be restrained by Rep. Richard Hudson of North Carolina as he appeared to lunge angrily toward Gaetz. When the dust finally settled during the 14th ballot, McCarthy notched 216 votes, his best showing since voting began on Tuesday, but still one shy of the magic number. Rep. Lauren Boebert, who was seated next to Gaetz, also voted “present” on the 14th round of voting. But in the next ballot, tensions waned and McCarthy was finally elected House speaker — putting an end to the longest battle for the House speakership since the mid-19th century. Friday night’s showdown came as the House had been deadlocked in their vote for speaker since Tuesday. McCarthy flipped 15 previous GOP holdout votes following the 13th ballot, leaving Andy Biggs of Arizona, Boebert, Gaetz, Eli Crane of Arizona, Bob Good of Virginia and Matt Rosendale of Montana as the remaining GOP opposition to his speakership. Biggs, Crane, Good and Rosendale remained in the anti-McCarthy camp, with Crane and Rosendale voting for Biggs, and Good and Biggs voting for Rep. Jim Jordan (R-Ohio). Before the House reconvened, Gaetz told Fox News that he was “running out of things to ask for” from McCarthy. McHenry, who nominated McCarthy on the 14th ballot, said before the vote that McCarthy has “grown as a leader” during this week’s turmoil. “He’s relentless. The man does not quit,” McHenry said, adding that McCarthy led the Republicans back to the majority in the House and is the “right person to lead us over the coming two years.” A motion to adjourn until Monday at noon failed to pass and the House will now vote on their 15th ballot for speaker.