STROUDSBURG, Pa. — Accused Idaho college killer Bryan Kohberger said “I love you” to his family as he agreed to be extradited from Pennsylvania to Idaho in his first court hearing. Handcuffed and wearing a red prison jumpsuit, the man accused of fatally stabbing four University of Idaho college students answered a series of “yes” and “no” questions about his decision to waive his extradition hearing. “Mr. Kohberger, do you suffer from any mental health diagnosis or take prescribed medication or medication that would impact ability to understand what we are doing here today?” presiding Judge Margherita Worthington asked. “No,” he answered. “Do you wish to waive your rights and voluntarily return to the state of Idaho to face prosecution?” the judge asked. “Yes,” the 28-year-old suspect responded. The short hearing lasted around 10 minutes and paved the way for him to be transported by authorities to Idaho, where he will be formally charged with the four murders. The alleged murderer had been led into the court at 3:24 p.m. with his hands cuffed and attached to a prisoner belt. Kohberger scanned the courtroom while walking in, as people in the gallery fell silent. His family — mom, dad and two sisters — had already been brought into court by LaBar at 2:55 p.m. A few seconds after he sat down, Kohberger turned back around to his family and gave his dad Michael a wry smile and nod. His dad then hugged the two daughters, Melissa and Amanda, and to his right and reached out to give his wife, Maryann, a reassuring touch on the shoulder after she had buried her head in Melissa’s shoulder. Right before the judge banged her gavel at 3:30 p.m., Melissa sobbed silently and was given a box of tissues by a sheriff. Ten minutes later, Kohberger turned and faced his family and quietly said “I love you” as he was led out of the courtroom. His father gave him a little wave before the family was escorted out the back of the courtroom while the rest of the gallery stayed seated. Judge Worthington ordered that Kohberger be surrendered to the state of Idaho within 10 calendar days from Tuesday, although authorities are expected to transport him there much quicker, possibly even tonight. Kohberger was arrested early Friday at his parents’ home in Albrightsville, Pa. after driving cross-country from his home in Pullman, Wash. with his father. The Ph.D student in criminology at Washington State University Pullman lived less than 10 miles from victims Kaylee Goncalves, Madison Mogen, Xana Kernodle and Ethan Chapin, all of whom were murdered in an off-campus home in Moscow, Idaho on Nov. 13. Little is known about what led investigators to Kohberger in their almost seven weeks investigation. More details will be released following his first appearance in Idaho court, after which prosecutors can release his probable cause affidavit, per local law. Meanwhile, as Idaho authorities prepare for Kohberger to land, the house where the murders took place was a flurry of activity Wednesday, with a number of visitors crossing the police tape to visit inside. Sources identified two of the visitors to The Post as an attorney working on behalf of Kohberger and a private investigator who is part of his defense team, but neither gave their names. The party stayed inside the house for close to three hours and witnesses say they saw beams of lights of flashlights from inside the house as they inspected certain rooms. Additional reporting by Marjorie Hernandez