Add this one to the annals of cosmetic surgery nightmares come true. A 48-year-old London woman was in for a scare when her breast implant nearly fell from her chest following a standard corrective procedure, Kennedy News and Media has reported. Kelly Young, from New Malden, went under the knife to enlarge her cup size to a DD almost 25 years ago. Doctors generally advise patients to have their implants replaced approximately every 10 years. As implants are prone to do with time, the one on Young’s right side burst in 2018. “It wasn’t causing a problem, but when I lay down, my right breast went to the side more than the other one,” Young told Kennedy News. “I thought I’d get them a bit perkier. I went for an uplift with new implants.” Young chose to have her second surgery in Turkey in September, where she paid about $4,500 — the “cheapest” option, she admitted. But it wasn’t long after the operation that Young realized she wasn’t healing, and was astonished to find the wound on the underside of her right breast was oozing pus. On closer look, she saw the implant was actually peaking through her scar. “It was literally hanging out,” said Young, who went to her doctor in England for help. She was prescribed antibiotics to beat the brewing infection, but still needed to do something about the botched implant. [Warning: Graphic imagery below.] She took the first flight she could back to Turkey in November. “I was advised not to fly, but it was my choice so I decided to go back,” Young said. “I had to get on the plane with my implant hanging out. I was frightened.” Once she got to Turkey, the surgeon claimed to have washed out the infection, and replaced the 420-cubic-centimeter implants with a smaller size. Young hoped her nightmare was over — until she noticed yet another tear in her breast in December. She was devastated to learn she’d need both implants removed — for good. Since losing them, Young confessed that her confidence plummeted without her implants, and she’s now taking antidepressants. “I’m very unhappy with them,” she revealed. “I feel like a 12-year-old again. I don’t let my boyfriend see me. Everyone knows me with my boobs.” “I wanted to jump off a cliff,” she continued. “I’ve got three [groups] of scarring with a flat chest. I feel like a different person.” Young still hopes to get implants again in the future. “I have to get them done [or] I wouldn’t be able to wear a bikini — summer would be a nightmare,” she insisted. All told, she spent about $7,500 on her two revision surgeries, airfare and accommodations. Young, who works as a driver while parenting her two children, advised people who are interested in plastic surgery to investigate the medial procedure thoroughly beforehand. “People need to do research, look at all the complications that can occur and make sure they don’t pay in cash, because if you pay by card you have more rights,” Young said.