Grab the champagne — the 2023 Golden Globes are almost upon us. The brightest shining stars of Hollywood will come together to celebrate film and TV at the 80th awards ceremony on Tuesday, Jan. 10. While last year’s party was canned and the winners’ names were merely read off, this telecast is seemingly going to be better than ever. The event is organized annually by the Hollywood Foreign Press Association and has been marred with controversies in recent years. The show was brought back this year after NBC canceled the 2022 telecast when the HFPA had failed to achieve “meaningful reform” to its questionable practices, according to the network. The organization has been criticized for not being diverse enough in its membership and for ethical shortcomings in its voting process. “Change of this magnitude takes time and work, and we feel strongly that the HFPA needs time to do it right,” the network said in a statement back in 2021. This past September, the Globes were uncanceled and are coming back to the network after the HFPA added 103 new voters to its roster, which now represents 62 different countries. Brendan Fraser — who was nominated for his work in the drama “The Whale” — has vowed to boycott the ceremony. The actor has previously claimed that former HFPA president Philip Berk sexually assaulted him in the early 2000s. Berk continues to deny the allegations. “I have more history with the Hollywood Foreign Press Association than I have respect for the Hollywood Foreign Press Association,” the “Mummy” actor told GQ in November, adding that he “will not participate” in this year’s awards ceremony. Ryan Murphy is set to receive the fourth Carol Burnett Award, and Eddie Murphy will be honored with the Cecil B. DeMille Award at the bash. Keep reading to learn all you need to know about the 2023 Golden Globes. The event will commence at the iconic Beverly Hilton on Tuesday, Jan. 10, 2023. The pre-show begins at 6:30 p.m. Eastern and the ceremony begins at 8. The show will air live on NBC as well as be streamed on Peacock. Comedian Jerrod Carmichael is MCing the evening. In a statement, HFPA president Helen Hoehne said: “We’re so excited to have Jerrod Carmichael host the historic 80th Golden Globe Awards. His comedic talents have entertained and thrilled audiences while providing thought-provoking moments that are so important in the times we live.” Nominations across 27 categories were announced last month, and include Austin Butler for his role in “Elvis,” Daniel Craig for “Glass Onion: A Knives Out Mystery” and Imelda Staunton for “The Crown.” Michelle Williams, Steven Spielberg and Tony Kushner scored nods for “The Fabelmans,” and Angela Bassett earned a nom for “Black Panther: Wakanda Forever.” Jamie Lee Curtis, Billy Porter, Ana de Armas, Nicole Byer, Quentin Tarantino and Tracy Morgan are set to give out a medley of golden statuettes. Colman Domingo, Natasha Lyonne, Michaela Jaé Rodriguez, Niecy Nash and Ana Gasteyer will also appear. Other promised presenters are Claire Danes, Salma Hayek, Glen Powell, Jennifer Hudson, Cole Hauser, Jenna Ortega, Mo Brings Plenty, Hilary Swank and Letitia Wright.