I do not expect this latest alignment up front to last. Neither apparently does Gerard Gallant, the head coach who created it. “You never know” were the words, or at least an accurate enough depiction of them, following Monday’s 6-2 victory over the Panthers at the Garden in which the Rangers were far less formidable than the score would indicate. Gallant was smiling when he said that. Of course he was. Changing lines is no longer a bug when it comes to Gallant’s approach. It has been a feature. The team has used 49 different line combinations over the course of 47 games — and that includes only those units intact at a match’s start. Last year, over 82 games, Gallant sent 79 different forward combos over the boards. The Rangers should be used to it by now. This latest round of remodeling was ostensibly prompted by Gallant’s displeasure with the defensive work of an Artemi Panarin-Vincent Trocheck second-line combination that has never quite taken hold. The two were called out — by name — as delinquent following the Jan. 19, 3-1 defeat to the mighty Bruins. It was as critical as the coach has been of an individual player or players in his year-and-a-half in New York. He responded by moving Panarin to Mika Zibanejad’s left side, triggering cascading changes throughout the lineup. There was a reason Panarin and Zibanejad had lined up together just 13 times in their first three seasons together on Broadway. It was not because of an absence of chemistry or a lack of compatibility between the two elite talents. Rather, after the first seven games of the 2019-20 season — Panarin’s first as a Ranger after signing a free-agent deal out of Columbus worth $81.5 million over seven years — then-coach David Quinn recognized the Blueshirts would prosper by splitting the club’s two most productive offensive players. And so, on Oct. 24, 2019, a 6-2 victory over the Sabres at the Garden, the Rangers’ signature alignment was born featuring Zibanejad on Line 1A with Chris Kreider on his left and Panarin on Line 1B with Ryan Strome as his center. This created a pick-your-poison matchup choice for opposing coaches. Meanwhile, the Zibanejad-Chris Kreider connection and the Panarin-Strome bond both flourished. Quinn paired Zibanejad and Panarin only twice more in 2019-20 after making the lineup change and then had them together only twice in 2020-21. Gallant, after replacing Quinn, stuck to the program and had Panarin and Zibanejad together for only two games last season. But the absence of chemistry between Panarin and Trocheck, who took Strome’s No. 16 and spot in the middle of the second line in the summer free-agent exchange, has prompted Gallant to deviate from the plan. Tuesday’s game marked the ninth time in 47 games that Panarin had been with Zibanejad. They were fine together. They would be fine together. But I sincerely doubt the Rangers will go forward with a line that includes their three most productive offensive players — including Kreider, who is switching to his off-side on the right — on the same line. This would make it kind of easy for opposing coaches on matchup choices — most critically in the playoffs. So even though this alignment may stick through the two remaining games — at Toronto on Wednesday and against Vegas at the Garden on Friday — preceding the bye period that extends through Feb. 5, I doubt it will stand for the long haul. The Rangers are going to need to split Zibanejad and Panarin. Maybe not today, maybe not tomorrow, but soon and for the rest of their … well, you get the idea, Rick. Then it will be up to Gallant to decide whether to reunite Panarin and Trocheck, who, after all, was signed to be a second-line center. The smart money says that is exactly what the coach will do. In that case, it would then be up to general manager Chris Drury to find a compatible right wing for the duo. Change — and Adam Fox — has been the constant under Gallant, even more so this season than last. That has been a function of the lack of affinity between Panarin and Trocheck. If they’re still trying to figure it out, so is the coach. A thought here: The Rangers once believed Jaromir Jagr would mesh with either Drury or Scott Gomez when the free-agent centers signed with the Rangers in 2008 after No. 68 had spent two seasons in New York with Michael Nylander before the pivot departed as a free agent. He did not. I don’t believe I have ever seen a trailing team pull its goaltender as early as the Panthers did on Monday night, when coach Paul Maurice brought Alex Lyon to the bench for an extra attacker with 10:39 remaining, down 5-1, with an offensive left wing draw. The strategy worked for an instant. The Panthers got a six-on-five goal at 11:02 to creep within 5-2. Lyon went back in, came back out, Jacob Trouba just missed the empty net from about 150 feet … and then, with 5:21 to go, Igor Shesterkin fielded one in front of his net, dropped to one knee, and scaled one right down the middle of the ice heading for the net… Until it somehow did a reverse Scott Norwood and went wide left at the last moment. Oh, the oohing and aahing. Oh, the chanting. “Lindy tell me I can’t score before him,” Shesterkin said later, referring to Ryan Lindgren. “Maybe next time.”