Pretty woman, ugly antics. A British make-up artist has gone viral on TikTok saying she suffers serious mistreatment because of her incredibly good looks. Rowena Carhart has faced jealousy from siblings and strangers alike — and was even slapped across the face by a woman enraged by how attractive she was. “From my teenage years up to adulthood, I’ve definitely had some bad experiences with being pretty,” the brunette declared in her clip, which has been viewed more than 50,000 times. “I’m the odd one out of my siblings. They all have blonde hair and blue eyes, whereas I’ve got dark hair and green eyes,” Carhart continued. “Whenever they were nasty to me, my best friend would just be like ‘It’s cause they’re jealous cause you’re the pretty one.'” But it’s not just family members embittered by Carhart’s God-given beauty. Acquaintances often give her back-handed compliments, assuming she’ll be rude and stuck-up based on her flawless physical appearance. Carhartt claimed she once tried to book a photographer for a make-up shoot, only for the snapper to turn her down, saying her good looks would make her too “intimidating” to work with. “I didn’t even know what to say to that,” the TikToker tragically stated. “It actually made me feel really crappy. I still think about that comment a lot.” Meanwhile, the make-up artist also said she once ran into a female acquaintance, only for the woman to give her a “back-handed compliment” after they began chatting. ”We’re having like a friendly, normal conversation and then he just says to me ‘Do you know, I thought you would be a real b–ch but you’re actually really nice!”’ the stunner recalled. ”I just don’t know why you’d even say that to someone?” Shockingly, the stunner stated that she was also assaulted by a random woman while out at a Halloween party. “I didn’t even know her!” Carhartt declared, claiming she was smacked across the face by the angry assailant. While many might love to be blessed with the beauty’s looks, she said both the aggressive and passive-aggressive actions of others have had a traumatic impact on her. ‘When it happens over and over, like all throughout your life, it grinds you down,” she sadly said. “It does still affect me in some ways. Like, I can’t take a compliment.” Commenters, however, didn’t have much sympathy for the stunner — perhaps proving her point. “This has to be a joke,” one unimpressed viewer wrote before another bluntly declared: “Give me strength!” Carhart isn’t the first flawless female to complain about the downsides of “pretty privilege” — the idea that hot women have life super easy simply because of how they look. Model Emily Adonna alleged that she’s been “harassed” for being beautiful, while New York City stunner Brenttany Sharraine said women scowl at her and men treat her like a trophy because of her looks.