Actor Jeremy Renner will have to undergo multiple surgeries for the “extensive” injuries he suffered when his snowplow ran over one of his legs at his Nevada home on Sunday. The injury to the 51-year-old Marvel star will require two surgeries to repair, CNN reported Monday. It’s unclear if both procedures had been completed by Monday evening, but the actor is said to be in stable condition. Surgery will be the first step in a long road to recovery after Renner lost a significant amount of blood in the New Year’s Day accident near his Mt. Rose-Ski terrace home. The “Hawkeye” star was using his Kässbohrer PistenBully snow plow to clear a path out of his five-bedroom home after the area had been slammed by a massive snowstorm. A safety feature on the heavy-duty machinery apparently failed and the massive plow rolled over his leg. A spokesperson for Renner — who is something of a local hero for his efforts to combat the elements, from snow to fires, in the area — had said he was injured in Nevada “after experiencing a weather-related accident while plowing snow.” The two-time Oscar-nominated actor was airlifted to a hospital near Reno just before 10 a.m. Sunday after a neighbor applied a tourniquet to his crushed leg to stop the bleeding. His spokesperson said Sunday that Renner was “receiving excellent care” in the hospital with his family at his side. Deputies from the Washoe County Sheriff’s Office “coordinated with Truckee Meadows Fire Protection District and Remsa Health to arrange for medical transport of Renner via care flight to a local area hospital,” according to public information officer Kristin Vietti. The actor, also known for his starring role in the Paramount+ series “Mayor of Kingstown,” has shared numerous videos of himself using the Kässbohrer PistenBully plow to clear out snow surrounding his home near the ski resort — with the most recent video just one week old. The area and much of northern Nevada was blasted with a winter storm on New Year’s Eve that left 35,000 homes without power. In November, the Hollywood star shared a video of himself enjoying the snowfall on his property to his his 18.2 million Instagram followers. “Monday morning Pre winter preparation couldn’t be more fun !!” he captioned the video of himself doing donuts in the snow in a Jeep. One week ago, he shared two videos of the Kässbohrer PistenBully plow in action to his Instagram stories. “Who is ready for the holidays?” he captioned the first video and wrote “Nearly done with sledding hill for the kids” in the second. “I have so much respect for Mother Earth, and Mother Nature,” Renner previously posted in another Instagram video as serious weather conditions loomed. “I expect to lose the fight but I’ll always give it my best shot.” The Modesto, California native often volunteers to help the Reno-Tahoe area combat intense weather and natural disasters. In December 2021, he launched a campaign to build Tahoe a fire station to “help fight fires” and reportedly purchased his own fire truck. Renner  — who is best known for playing the superhero Clint Barton, or Hawkeye, in multiple Marvel movies and a Disney+ show — was the only person injured in the plow accident, according to the Washoe County Sheriff’s Office. The sheriff’s “major accident investigation team” is looking into the circumstances surrounding Sunday’s incident.