Roses and red, violets are blue, you forgot to get a present, but there’s still hope for you! While we love a good Valentine’s Day poem, falling short and forgetting to get your loved one a gift doesn’t always make the cut. Thankfully, you have over 30 gift cards to lean on, but if you want to be a bit more personal, we scoured the web to find 30 thoughtful last minute Valentine’s Day gifts. A heart-shaped waffle maker or a MasterClass subscription is sure to make your Valentine blush, while a cuddly teddy bear or bouquet of flowers will send them head over heels in love with you. As you begin your shopping journey for him or her, be sure to pay attention to shipping cut off dates and times. To shop this article by category, simply click on the following links below: This Valentine’s Day, how about getting her three gifts for the price of one? You love her hair, and she’ll love that you’re thinking of her with this three-piece Bond Maintenance Set from Olaplex, including shampoo, conditioner, and hair serum, all for just $90. Yes, we know: we just said in the intro that gift cards are impersonal, but sometimes a deal is just too good to pass up. Grab her this $50 Gap Gift Card this Valentine’s Day, and earn yourself a free $10. You could get her one massage this Valentine’s Day, or you could buy her thousands, all for just $59 from Amazon. This Deep Tissue Massage Gun is a whopping 78% off (though we wouldn’t mention that to her), and will provide hours of relaxation for years to come. We are sure you love her a waffle lot, so why not gift her a little treat she can enjoy all year long. Better yet, make her breakfast in bed with these adorable single heart-shaped waffle maker. If you love her beary much, show her with this cuddly new friend. The heart features stitched lettering while the teddy bear itself is soft and huggable. A Book Of The Month subscription is perfect for the book-loving gal. It’s $15.99 per monthly book, and you can choose to skip whenever you choose. Use code NEWYEAR at checkout to score the first book for just $9.99. Grow your love together by gifting her a gorgeous bouquet from UrbanStems. The Lovebird bouquet conveys feelings of both romance and love. If this bouquet isn’t right for her, checkout the brand’s full roaster of Valentine’s Day picks. Take Netflix and chill to the next level with these adorable pink pajamas. They’re silky smooth, feature black trimming and will become her new favorite loungewear. Stay close to her heart with this sterling silver, slim locket. Better yet, add in your own photo upon delivery to make it that much more memorable. Score overnight shipping until Feb. 11. Roses are red, violets are made of chocolate? Yes, indeed they are! This dozen of sweet roses adds a special twist perfect for making her heart smile and tummy happy. She’s stolen your heart, so show your appreciation for her with this engraved heart hands plaque. Customization is simple, but order soon to ensure prompt delivery. She’d run across the world for you! So extend the love with a new pair of Allbird’s wool runners. The shoe comes in a variety of colors and sizes perfect for choosing her perfect pair. Order by Feb. 11 at 9 a.m. PST/12 p.m. EST and select one-day shipping to ensure delivery by Feb. 14. Full of thick ivory pages, this elegant velvet notebook comes in black, pink, green and purple. Best of all, it ships in a gorgeous box for storage. Sip sip hooray! Make this Valentine’s Day one for the books by spoiling him with his favorite wine, liquor, beer and more. It will be delivered right to his door. This Valentine’s Day, gift the fitness lover in your life something he can hold on to, literally, with this Sportsroyal Power Tower Dip Station. It’ll be a great improvement to his home gym (and he doesn’t need to know you bought it for 48% off on Amazon). If your hubby is an audiophile, we suggest snagging this deal on a Sony HT-S400 Soundbar and Wireless Subwoofer this Valentine’s Day. It might not sound so romantic yet, but what if you put together a romantic mixtape to go along with it? Just an idea! Gift your work-from-home hubby this Noblewell Ergonomic Office Chair, and ensure his back is in working order for the rest of the year. He’ll love that you’re thinking of him, and every time he’s working, he’ll think of you, too. You may not always love him before coffee but always more than coffee. So what better way to remind him of your love than with this spunky mug that benefits you and your lucky man? Surprise him with an adorable tin heart that is packed with 13 mouth-watering jerky snacks. Is there anything more romantic? He’s the apple of your eye, so show him some extra love this V-Day with a pair of brand new Apple AirPods Pro. Plus, they’re currently on sale for $49 less than the original ticket price. Spark his creativity by gifting him an annual membership to MasterClass, the streaming platform that allows individuals to learn from over 150+ of the world’s best. Whether he has a love for cooking, music, business, sports or anything else, there are a plethora of classes just for him. Subscriptions start at $15 per month and come with a 30-day satisfaction guarantee. Combine his two loves — you and Star Wars — and gift him the ultimate V-Day present. This graphic tee comes in five color ways and a plethora of size options. With 15 unique coupon cards that range in sayings from “TV show of my choice” to “special request,” you’ll each be in for a treat. Not only do these coupons make for a cute gift, but it will aid in quality time with one another. Your special someone can now listen anytime, anywhere and across all of their devices with an Audible subscription. For a limited time, you can score a free one-month trial. Once the trial concludes, simply cancel at any time or choose a plan starting at $7.95 per month. Fuel the fire in your relationship with this card game designed exclusively for couples. Simply choose a card and answer the question or complete the dare with your partner. Don’t you wish flowers could last forever? Well, now they (sorta) can. The Eternal Roses last up to two to three years without watering or sunlight. And yes, they are real roses directly from Ecuador preserved using a non toxic process. Sometimes a movie night is just what the love doctor ordered. Gifting your special someone a Disney+ subscription will keep them entertained with some of the most beloved films and shows. Simply pay $7.99 per month for an ad-supported tier, or $79.99 per year to access unlimited entertainment on up to four devices. What’s better than V-Day chocolate? V-Day chocolate and ice cream. Magnum is known for their deliciously crafted sweets made with Belgian chocolate. And now, you can choose your lover’s favorite Magnum treat through Instacart and score same-day delivery. Sometimes meal prep just isn’t in the cards. Instead, consider a meal delivery kit. Thankfully, Hello Fresh makes mealtime easy and fun for both you and your special someone. Meals start at just $7.99. Not sold yet? Check out our standalone review on the service here. If you’re scurrying to find the perfect flowers with quick delivery, you’re in luck. With Instacart, you can choose from an array of floral arrangements delivered straight to your door. No waiting games here. For more content, check out the New York Post Shopping section.