An Australian wedding venue that copped a furious backlash online over a painting hanging on its wall has taken down the artwork and apologized for any offense it caused. Redleaf Wollombi, located in New South Wales’ picturesque Hunter Valley, came under intense fire after a wedding party was pictured smiling in front of the painting — a photo that was uploaded to the venue’s Instagram page before being deleted. Critics accused Redleaf of displaying artwork that showed the massacre of Indigenous people, though the painting in question actually depicts the Portuguese colonization of Brazil. “We are deeply sorry that we have caused any offense in relation to paintings on display at Redleaf. We never intended to upset anybody and we have now removed the paintings,” the venue said in a statement to news.com.au. “Those who have stayed at Redleaf are aware that there are many artworks throughout the property, including art by First Nations artists, as well as emerging artists. “However, the main painting that has dominated discussion is the wallpaper Views of Brazil (1829), designed by Jean-Julien Deltil, an artist hired by the Zuber Manufacture, in France, in the 19th century. This manufacturer still produces this wallpaper, using the original images by the traveller-artist Johann Mortiz Rugendas. “The three panels on display were given to the owner of Redleaf via a close family friend who died several years ago. These panels form part of a larger landscape of 30 panels which can be seen here. “We are deeply sorry to learn that, over the weekend, we have caused offense to several people who noticed the paintings in photos on our social media (which we have since removed). We are very remorseful that we have caused anyone to feel pain on seeing the paintings; this was never our intention. “When the Art Gallery of NSW, in conjunction with the National Gallery of Australia, held an exhibition of similar works, John McPhee wrote that he was ‘touched’ to see artists in 1829 were aware of the bad influence of European civilization on different cultures. “We keep a full transcript of John McPhee’s article on display beside this wallpaper, along with an image of the full 30 panels. This is a deliberate effort by Redleaf to ensure that anyone viewing the painting has a full understanding of the context of the three panels, along with this negative history. “Once again, we unreservedly apologize for any distress these images may have caused. All images of the painting have been removed from Instagram and we have now taken Views of Brazil away so it is no longer on display. “We respectfully ask that any comments towards clients (brides, grooms) and other suppliers (including photographers) stop immediately. Any inference that they have somehow deliberately been racist is simply not true.” Earlier, a screenshot of Redleaf’s initial Instagram post was uploaded by Dreamtime Aroha, an Indigenous-owned and operated small business. “Nothing like getting married and posing in front of Aboriginal people being slaughtered by colonizers,” it wrote on Facebook. On Instagram, the screenshot was captioned: “I’m not sure at what point anyone would hang up in their venue or consent to a wedding picture being taken in front of a painting of a brutal Aboriginal massacre? This was sent to me because the person didn’t know how to approach the venue well I am just a Blak woman asking what the hell?” The post was then shared by TV and radio personality Abbie Chatfield, who has 451,000 Instagram followers. People on social media said they had contacted the venue and asked it to remove the painting, with some suggesting they replace it with the work of a First Nations artist. “This is disgusting. I’m going to send a message to the venue and I think we all (and by we all, I mean allies) need to start by doing that. It’s okay if we don’t have the most eloquent words, we just need to be expressing our feelings about it and making it clear it needs to come down,” one person wrote. “How the f … did the wedding planner, the photographer and wedding guests not notice the disgraceful piece of art. Hey just pose in front of a massacre. It’s beyond shocking shame on all involved,” another said. “Why on earth would they think an image portraying murder, would be a good one for a wedding venue? It’s even worse that it’s about a very real history, but who looked at the painting originally and thought ‘brides and grooms will LOVE images of murder in their wedding photos, this is perfect’ like … what?!” questioned a third. On its website, the popular wedding venue, which also offers accommodation, includes suggestions of things to do in the area, including tours with Aboriginal guides. “Experience rich aboriginal and colonial history, including the convict-built Great North Road, museum, and historical buildings,” it says. “The name ‘Wollombi’ is derived from the Aboriginal meaning ‘meeting place’ or ‘meeting place of the waters.’”