Next year’s Hall of Fame ballot will have, if not an Amazin’ look, something of a Mets flavor to it. David Wright and Jose Reyes will become eligible for the Baseball Hall of Fame for the first time, joining Billy Wagner and Carlos Beltran, giving the ballot the semblance of a 2006-09 Mets reunion. Though those seasons meant mostly heartbreak for the fans, between the Game 7 loss to the Cardinals in the 2006 NLCS and the successive September meltdowns that followed, there isn’t much doubting the talent those teams possessed. Wagner and Beltran are both on solid ground in their bids to receive plaques in Cooperstown. Wagner, the former closer, received 68.1 percent of the vote in the latest Baseball Writers Association of America election, the results of which were revealed this week. Beltran, in his debut on the ballot, received 46.5 percent of the vote. The magic number is 75 percent. Scott Rolen was the only candidate to eclipse that threshold in this election, and will be inducted into the Hall of Fame on July 23. For Wagner, with two years of eligibility remaining on the ballot, the goal is obvious in the next election: Close the gap and get to 75 percent. If he doesn’t pick up the votes in the next election — which seems unlikely after a 17.1 percent bounce this year — he still will have one last shot on the BBWAA ballot. Beltran has nine years remaining on the ballot and history on his side: Every candidate to debut with more than 42 percent of the vote eventually has been elected to the Hall of Fame. Now let’s get to the newbies, Wright and Reyes. The real goal for both players next year will be receiving enough votes to remain on the ballot for consideration in future years. That threshold is 5 percent, a number which another member of the band, Carlos Delgado, failed to attain in his first year on the ballot, becoming a one-and-done candidate. Rolen survived the cut in his first year on the ballot in 2018, when he received just 10.2 percent of the vote. He got the necessary support with half of his candidacy still remaining, which suggests Wright — more so than Reyes — potentially could follow a similar path. But Wright faces a steep battle. His career was on a Hall of Fame trajectory, but ultimately injuries (most notably spinal stenosis) robbed him of the chance to continue to excel in his 30s. Wright’s career 133 OPS+ offers a reminder he was a legitimate offensive force. Rolen, whose election was largely a product of his eight Gold Gloves, owned a career 122 OPS+. Rolen had a 70.1 bWAR over 17 seasons. Wright recorded 49.6 bWAR over 14 seasons in which he won two Gold Gloves. Reyes will have a difficult time avoiding Delgado’s fate and getting bumped from the ballot after only one year. Reyes’ 37.4 bWAR over 16 seasons is light, and hamstring injuries served as a significant drain on a career in which his speed was a primary weapon. Ultimately it’s easy to see two members of the ’06-09 Mets (Wagner and Beltran) getting to Cooperstown — with Wright fighting a long-term battle to reach 75 percent and Reyes excluded from the party. Keith Hernandez’s contract negotiations have resumed with SNY, according to a source, with the former first baseman requesting a new deal that would pay him significantly above the $775,000 he received last season for about 110 games. Though Hernandez’s requested contract terms are unknown, a source indicated Hernandez could be using Michael Kay’s annual $1 million salary working Yankees games for YES as a benchmark. SNY made an initial offer to Hernandez in December that was rejected. Hernandez, 69, last season completed a three-year contract with the network, which remains under Wilpon family control. Edwin Diaz and Brandon Nimmo enjoyed career years last season before heading to free agency. This season the cast playing for new contracts could include Pete Alonso, Jeff McNeil, Eduardo Escobar and Mark Canha. In Alonso and McNeil’s cases, that means playing for long-term contract extensions before they reach free agency. “From a competitive standpoint, there’s a lot of drive there,” manager Buck Showalter said. “I think a lot of people don’t put emphasis on that enough when you’re looking at a club. If you’ve got a bunch of people on multi-year deals, you had better have the right people that are driven by more than the contract.” The Mets still are working on a roster of guest instructors for spring training. Wright is on board to work with prospects Brett Baty and Mark Vientos among others at third base, but for the first time in several years, Mike Piazza won’t be in attendance. Piazza instead will be managing Team Italy in the World Baseball Classic. The Hall of Famer won’t be the only Met at the WBC. Alonso (USA), McNeil (USA), Escobar (Venezuela), Diaz (Puerto Rico), Francisco Lindor (Puerto Rico), Omar Narvaez (Venezuela), Jose Quintana (Colombia) and Brooks Raley (USA) are set to participate, and Adam Ottavino is a possibility.