This captivating cashier is “levitating” to social media stardom. A mini-mart worker has gone viral with nearly a million followers on TikTok due to her uncanny resemblance to singer Dua Lipa and model Hailey Bieber. Alejandra Silva — who cheekily posts content under the handle @dua_lupitaa — skyrocketed to online fame after social media users said she was a doppelgänger for both the “Cold Heart” pop singer-Jack Harlow love connection and model-makeup mogul, respectively. Most of the 23-year-old’s content showcases her behind the cash register at her job at Oxxo, a convenience-store chain in Mexico. However, the stunning brunette now boasts a massive following and a whopping 17 million likes on the video-sharing platform, thanks to her resemblance to Lipa, 27, and Bieber, 26. While giving her audience a brief glance into what working at the local market is like — as well as many of their products — many of her fans simply tune in to watch the celebrity look-alike, well, look like celebrities. “Due Lipa works at on Oxxo,” wrote one user, matter-of-factly, of Silva’s resemblance to the Top 40 hotshot currently building a multimillion dollar mansion in her native Albania. “Love you, Dua Lipa,” added another newfound fan. Other viewers comment that Silva looks more like the wife of “Baby” singer Justin Bieber, 28. “You look like Hailey Bieber with that makeup and hairstyle,” said one user of Silva’s resemblance to the daughter of actor Stephen Baldwin, 56 (and niece of Alec Baldwin, 64). “I heard that on earth we all have four twins around the world and I’m starting to believe it @haileybieber,” another user said, tagging Mrs. Bieber herself. Like her alleged “twin,” Silva has also expressed interest in being a model and influencer. Meanwhile, Silva is far from alone in her lucrative look-alike status. A growing number of celebrity doppelgängers — from an Alabama cop who looks like The Rock to an Olympic athlete who is a dead ringer for Lady Gaga — have gone viral and made headlines for their startling resemblance to A-list stars. While some ham it up by professionally impersonating famous figures such as Jennifer Aniston and Brad Pitt on a monetized basis, others don’t fully embrace that they’ve got a Tinseltown twin. Click here to catch up on stories about the most uncanny look-alikes. Can you tell which one is the civilian and which is the celebrity?