A brazen mom is under fire for apparently taking her children to their favorite YouTuber’s house unannounced — and posting the interaction on TikTok. Sheryl Jacques — who posts under the username @xomissjaay — shared the 35-second video that begins with kids walking up to a glass door of a house identified by Insider to be the possible residence of prankster Kyle “Stromedy” Godfrey. “My 5-year-old always talks about going to Toronto, Canada, to see Stromedy. So I made it happen,” the mom captioned the Jan. 6 post, which has lured 1.1 million views. As a man walks to the door, the mom excitedly says she can “see the dog” through the glass. She confesses they’re “big fans,” and they “just wanted to say hi.” He responds by telling them he’s filming a video, but would be “more than down” to take pictures in 45 minutes. The mom insists on a picture at that moment — asking, “Can we just take one picture right now?” — before cutting to a photo of her family posing for a snap with the YouTuber, who has 4.7 million subscribers. Commenters were appalled at the mom’s audacity — and the apparent intrusion into the YouTuber’s personal space. “This isn’t cute, what you did was insane,” one user declared. “Don’t show up to people’s houses unwanted anymore,” wrote another shocked TikToker. “It’s disrespectful and stalking behavior to know where the dude lives in the first place. Pathetic.” A comment from a TikTok account belonging to Godfrey simply read: “loll.” In an eight-second follow-up video this week, the mom defended her decision, noting Godfrey’s comment while showing a photo of her family wearing shirts that read: “I went to Stromedys unannounced.” The back of the shirt says: “MOM MADE ME DO IT!!” The Post reached out to Godfrey and Jacques for comment. It’s unclear if charges are being pursued. According to the Department of Justice Canada, a person can report someone for harassment if they feel threatened. “Generally, the behavior must happen not just once but repeatedly,” the rules state. Ontario’s Trespass to Property Act says an individual who doesn’t leave the premises “immediately” after they’re asked to by the person occupying the premises or a person authorized by the occupier faces a fine up to $10,000.