Jeremy Lin was elated to reveal a “major change” in his life. The former Knicks star — who rose to fame in the 2012 season when he led the Knicks to 10 wins in 13 games – revealed in a Facebook post Wednesday that he tied the knot with his longtime partner “a couple years ago,” adding the intimate ceremony was the “highlight” of his life. Lin, who included a wedding picture in his post, did not disclose his wife’s name. The 34-year-old Taiwanese-American pro’s post was written in both English and Chinese. “The funny thing about becoming famous overnight is no one teaches you how to deal with it,” Lin wrote. “As grateful as I am for this crazy journey I’ve been on, I always knew that when I got married I’d want to keep my personal life sacred and to myself for as long as I could. “While still feel strongly about guarding aspects of my personal life, it has also been hard for people to not know about such a major change. After many years of being together, I married my wife in an intimate ceremony and its been the highlight of my life ever since. “Finally sharing this beautiful day from over a couple years ago. I’m grateful to have found someone who loves me for who I am, to embrace my unique life, and to just do life with,” Lin wrote, before wishing his fans a happy Lunar New Year. Lin’s wife is Kristina Wong, who works as a performance artist, according to Trevor Alvarado of Vizaca.com. Last month, Lin announced on Weibo that he was leaving the Guangzhou Loong Lions of the Chinese Basketball Association after joining the club in September. In May 2021, Lin hinted at retirement in an emotional post on Instagram that expressed his frustration over not getting an NBA opportunity, following an impressive G League season with the Santa Cruz Warriors. Lin spent the 2020 season playing for the Beijing Ducks, averaging 22.3 points per game and leading the team to the semifinals. The highlight of Lin’s career came in 2012, when the Knicks called him up to the NBA. The guard averaged over 22 points and nine assists leading the team to a seven-game winning streak that became known as “Linsanity.” Lin earned a spot on TIME’s list of The World’s 100 Most Influential People of 2012, among other magazine covers including Sports Illustrated. After his quick rise to stardom in New York, Lin bounced around the league, having stints with the Warriors, Rockets, Lakers, Hornets, Nets, Hawks and Raptors. He was part of the 2019 Raptors team that won the franchise’s first championship. Lin is the first American-born player of Taiwanese descent in the NBA.