A 23-year-old woman who was thrown to her death in an alleged drunken crash on Staten Island was pregnant — and her beau is now facing a manslaughter charge for the violent wreck, police said Sunday. Expectant mother Adriana Sylmetaj, of Great Kills, suffered severe body trauma after she was ejected from the Dodge Challenger when it slammed into a wall and a utility pole and was split in half on Hylan Boulevard around 4:45 a.m. Saturday, according to police. Adem Nikeziq, 30, was later charged with manslaughter, criminally negligent homicide, assault, vehicular assault, reckless endangerment, driving while intoxicated and driving while ability impaired by alcohol in the fatal wreck, an NYPD spokesman said. He was taken to Staten Island University North Hospital after police detected he was showing signs of intoxication, the spokesman said. A registry at Buy Buy Baby listed to Nikeziq and Sylmetaj shows that the couple was expecting a baby girl on April 12. Among the items listed are a crib, a baby lounger and assorted clothing. “He’s going away for the rest of his life and that’s still not good enough for that piece of s–t,” one grieving relative said of Nikeziq outside Sylmetaj’s home on Sunday, where more than two dozen friends and relatives gathered to mourn the young mother-to-be. “They couldn’t save the baby,” he said. “We’re never going to be ok. None of us. We’ve experienced a terrible tragedy.” A man identifying himself as Sylmetaj’s uncle said his niece was one of four children, and that one of her siblings is a police officer. Authorities said the SUV was speeding southbound and went out of control in front of 2545 Hyland Boulevard near New Dorp Lane, striking a “barrier wall” at the scene. The vehicle then slammed into a utility pole and split in half, hurling Sylmetaj to her death. One local merchant likened the wreckage to warn-torn Beirut. “I don’t understand how the [utility] pole is still standing,” Mario Basso, owner of H20 Auto Spa near the site of the crash told The Post. “It was hit so hard.” Sylmetaj is originally from Brooklyn, but graduated from New Dorp High School in Staten Island and attended the College of Staten Island until last year, according to her Facebook page. She worked at Pleasant Plains Animal Hospital South and for NYU Langone Health, according to her profile.