Andy Reid’s Kansas City Chiefs had a storybook season in 2022. Finishing with a 14-3 record, the top seed in the AFC and a bye in the wild-card round of the NFL playoffs, everything seemed to go the team’s way this year. Now the Super Bowl 2023 push begins for Patrick Mahomes, Travis Kelce and Chris Jones. And Doug Pederson’s scrappy Jacksonville Jaguars are ready to fight for a berth in the AFC Championship game. While the Chiefs are well-rested after their week off, the Jaguars are coming off an exciting 31-30 last-second victory over the Los Angeles Chargers, in which they overcame a 27-0 deficit. Who has the edge? Well, Jaguars quarterback Trevor Lawrence said he “can’t imagine it will be much louder than fans were in (Jacksonville).” While that statement may seem fairly innocuous, they were interpreted as fighting words by Chiefs fans. So, if you want to prove Lawrence wrong or help his cause, you can by heading to the game at Kansas City’s Arrowhead Stadium on Saturday, Jan. 21 at 3:30 p.m. CST. Surprisingly, last-minute tickets are still available and are reasonably priced. In fact, we found seats going for as low as $111 before fees on Vivid Seats. For those hoping to taunt or cheer Lawrence and Mahomes up close, lower-level seats can be found for $210 before fees. All prices are subject to fluctuation.  You wouldn’t believe it, but Chiefs star Travis Kelce once starred in a dating reality show. “Chasing Kelce,” which aired for one season in 2016, was allegedly “extremely awkward,” according to Kelce. Why? Check out his wild tale here for the scoop. If you’re looking for even more Chiefs content, you’re in the right place — click here to read all of the NY Post’s Kansas City Chiefs news here.  Jacksonville’s shocking comeback in their wild-card game stunned the football world after  Riley Patterson nailed a last-second, 36-yard field goal. How did the team celebrate? Trevor Lawrence went to Waffle House, of course. What was his order? You’ll have to read the full story here to find out. All Jaguars’ NY Post coverage can be found here.  If heading to Arrowhead Stadium isn’t in the cards for you this last minute, you can still flip to the game on TV. All you need to do is tune into your local NBC station. For those that prefer to stream, NFL+ is your best bet.  We’ve got good news for music fans. There are a staggering number of household-name artists staging massive tours this year. Here are five of our can’t-miss favorite acts you won’t want to miss live in the next few months. • Bruce Springsteen and the E Street Band • Metallica • George Strait • Morgan Wallen • Taylor Swift What else is out there? We’re glad you asked. Check out our comprehensive list of the 52 biggest concert tours in 2023 here.