Was he trying to get some sexual peeling? A 34-year-old man had to be hospitalized after eating a banana wrapped in a condom in a fit of rage — which resulted in a serious bowel blockage. A case study describing his bananas contraceptive calamity, deemed to be the world’s first case of its kind, was published earlier this week in the journal “Cureus.” The bizarre case came to light after the unidentified patient had reported to the hospital after experiencing abdominal pain, nausea and vomiting. Meanwhile, he wasn’t able to tolerate any food or drink and hadn’t had a bowel movement for over 24 hours, Jam Press reported. Doctors performed a CT scan, which revealed that the poor soul had a condom-wrapped banana obstructing his small intestine. The patient, who reportedly had a history of depression, copped to swallowing the prophylactic-covered fruit in a fit of “hormonal rage.” The inadvertent fruit mule was subsequently rushed into surgery, where doctors were able to remove it from his poop chute. Accompanying photos snapped post-extraction show the contraceptive-swaddled bruised fruit next to a pair of surgical tongs. The man was discharged three days after the potassium balloon’s removal, whereupon he recovered to the point to where he could eat and poop without issue. “Two weeks after the operation, he was tolerating a low-fiber diet without nausea or vomiting,” the report read. “He had a return of normal bowel movements, and his pain was well-controlled.” They added, “At six months, he continued to endorse normal bowel patterns and diet. He was able to slowly resume his active lifestyle and did not have major concerns.” This marked the first known instance of someone swallowing a banana in a condom, per the study. Authors noted that small bowel obstructions are rare and usually result “from the ingestion of drug-filled condoms to smuggle illicit drugs.” This isn’t the first time someone has swallowed an unusual object, however. Earlier this month, doctors were flabbergasted after discovering that a 4-year-old’s “colicky” pain turned out to be caused by a magnetic bracelet that he’d swallowed.   