MEXICO CITY — Republican US Rep. Tony Gonzales, who represents most of Texas’ border with Mexico, accused the White House on Monday of barring him from joining President Biden’s Sunday border trip as critics said Biden received a sanitized “Potemkin Village” tour. “They told me that I couldn’t attend. The president essentially lied to my face,” Gonzales told “Fox & Friends.” Biden walked along a stretch of the border between El Paso and Ciudad Juarez with “no evidence of any migrants” before arriving at the “mostly deserted” El Paso County Migrant Services Center, according to traveling press pool reports. The sleepy scene surprised journalists after Democratic El Paso Mayor Oscar Leeser declared a state of emergency Dec. 17 due to throngs of destitute migrants sleeping on sidewalks. The White House said “space constraints” prevented Gonzales from joining the tour. “As is often the case with presidential trips, we received multiple requests from lawmakers to join the President on this trip and were not able to accommodate all requests, from Republicans and Democrats alike, due to space constraints,” a White House official told The Post. “Our legislative affairs team has been and will continue to remain in close touch with these lawmakers.” Republican Texas Gov. Greg Abbott confronted Biden on the airport tarmac when he landed Sunday and presented him with a letter that said “the city you visit has been sanitized of the migrant camps which had overrun downtown El Paso because your Administration wants to shield you from the chaos that Texans experience on a daily basis.” Abbott’s letter also said: “This chaos is the direct result of your failure to enforce the immigration laws that Congress enacted.” Biden made his first border trip as president en route to Mexico City to attend the North American Leaders’ Summit on Monday and Tuesday with Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau and Mexican President Andrés Manuel López Obrador. Biden presided over a record-breaking nearly 2.4 million illegal border-crossing arrests in fiscal 2022, which ended Sept. 30, up from 1.7 million in fiscal 2021, fewer than 500,000 in 2020 and nearly 1 million in 2019. Centrist Democratic Rep. Henry Cuellar, who represents a smaller stretch of border farther from El Paso, was permitted to join the trip, as were Reps. Vicente González (D-Texas), whose district abuts the Gulf of Mexico, and Veronica Escobar (D-Texas), who represents El Paso proper. The only other Texas border-district lawmaker who wasn’t permitted to join was Rep. Monica De La Cruz (R-Texas), though Rep. Gabe Vasquez (D-NM), who represents an area near El Paso, also was not part of the tour. The cleaned-up area sparked criticism and references to the famously phony scenery created by Russian official Grigory Potemkin to impress Catherine the Great during a tour through Ukraine in the late 1700s. “POTUS visit to a Potemkin Border,” tweeted retired diplomat Alberto Miguel Fernandez. “Per El Paso’s mayor, ‘hundreds [of migrants are] sleeping on the streets.’ Will Biden see these encampments during his border visit? No. He’ll see a Potemkin village after they were temporarily cleared. His admin cares more about optics than reality,” wrote Republican National Committee official Tommy Pigott. Former Rep. Mayra Flores (R-Texas) tweeted “before” and “after” photos showing the effect of the cleanup operation in El Paso. “This is El Paso before Biden’s visit and after his announcement he was coming to El Paso. We needed him to see what his policies have done to our Border cities and South Texas is still waiting for his Border visit,” Flores wrote. Migrants did cross the border when Biden visited. In the 24-hour period that covered the presidential stopover, Fox News reported that 518 people were arrested in the El Paso area for illegally crossing the border.