There are plenty of reasons to look forward to Friday already. For example: for many, it’s the beginning of the weekend, a two day period of rest after the workweek. A little more context: during this time, as opposed to when you might be on the clock, during the weekend, your time is your own. You might sleep in, relax, take a brief trip, watch a movie, attend a museum opening, etc. So you can see why people are so excited about Fridays. They even invented a phrase about it: “TGIF.” It stands for “Thank goodness it’s Friday,” or something to that effect. This Friday, Jan. 20, and every Friday for the foreseeable future, there’s yet another reason to thank goodness it’s Friday: Wayfair’s Flash Deal Fridays, featuring huge markdowns on everything from sofas to sconces, desks to deckchairs, and everything in between. We’ll cut this short, because time is of the essence; these deals are only available until the end of the day. But if you’re reading this Saturday morning, there’s no reason to fret – there will be all new deals available at Wayfair next Friday. Below, we’ve rounded up ten of our favorite deals to shop today, and today only. So read on, click through, and nab a great deal. Save over 25% on this handsome Faizah Upholstered Armchair from George Oliver, and brighten up your living room, for less. Your guests will love to take a load off in this deep, comfortable seat, now only $233 from Wayfair. This Kirsta Poly Computer Desk is perfect for the minimalist in your life, and at just $53, it’s at the right price for a college student to tidy up their dorm room. And if blue isn’t your color, for just a few more dollars, this desk is available in Spearmint, Black, Yellow/Silver. Have you ever read a truly great book, and lamented that you didn’t have a truly great reading chair to accompany your experience? Look no futher than this Samiya Upholstered Armchair from George Oliver, 32% off today from Wayfair. As we plunge forward into 2023, do you ever feel like it’s time to look back, and add some rustic accents to your home? This adorable cow-shaped Amarantha Upholstered Ottoman from Union Rustic should do the trick. Plus, this perfect conversation piece is just $81 today from Wayfair. You don’t know what you’re missing if you don’t have a firepit in (or outside) your home. Cook some marshmallows, or simply sit contemplatively in front of the fire with this Rosia Concrete Outdoor Propane fire pit, on sale for a whopping 55% off today from Wayfair. Apartments can be difficult to buy furniture for. If you’re looking for a dining table that can fit into a smaller space, we suggest this Klaudia Dining Table from George Oliver, marked down 35% today on Wayfair. Bring your bedroom into the 21st (or maybe 22nd) century with this modern Conseulo Manufactured Wood Nightstand from Zipcode Design. Also available in a White/Oak color, this handsome nightstand comes at an even more handsome discount: 63% off. Take 26% off of this Majewski Tree Floor Lamp from Trent Austin Design, and add a little light to your life, for less. You need more light in your home, but an overhead is difficult to install, and another lamp just won’t do the trick. Try these Lilwen Armed Sconces from Beachcrest Home, now $10 off from Wayfair. 2023 is the year that the vanity sees a resurgence. And there’s no better place to start than with this Torrence Vanity from Three Posts, marked down 43% today on Wayfair. For more content, check out the New York Post Shopping section.