Here at The Post, we’re all about men’s grooming — there’s something so satisfying about standing in front of your bathroom mirror, whipping out a tool you’d find in the barber shop and keeping up with your facial hair how you see fit. Whether you’re on the hunt for a luxury gift for a man in your life or want to treat yourself to a practical self-care kit, this edit is specially curated for you. We rounded up the 26 best shaving kits for men across all retailers, including Amazon, The Art of Shaving, Target and more. If you’re wondering, what’s the best brand for a shaving kit? We recommend looking into Harry’s, Dollar Shave Club and Gillette — though you’ll find many more brands that fit razors, shave gels and other grooming essentials into an all-you-can-need kit. With nearly 10,000 reviews, there’s no other than Harry’s Razor Set. This complete set includes the brand’s signature Truman razor handle, five German-engineered razor blades, a flex hinge, a lubricating strip and a precision trimmer for those tricky places. Plus, the foaming shave gel provides a rich lather that you’ll love. If affordability is on your mind, then the Dollar Shave Club 4-Blade Razor Set is your best bet. For just $15, you’ll receive the brand’s diamond-patterned grip handle, four replacement stainless-steel razor cartridges and the DSC fan-favorite shave cream. When we think of razors, we think of Gillette. The brand’s Labs line has a durable shaving kit and comes with your starter set: one handle, four blades and a stand to keep it at easy reach for all your touch-ups. With over a whopping 58,000 Amazon reviews, the Wahl Groomsman Rechargeable Beard Trimming Kit is what you need to keep up with your facial hair at home. It is barbershop-grade with everything you’ll need (for every buzz preference) and includes a bonus nose trimmer and a soft storage case. We recommend picking up the LEPONIX Shaving Kit for luxury on a budget. Its designer-leaning box includes 11 double-edge safety razors, a shaving brush, sandalwood pre-shave oil, shaving butter, after-shave balm, a shaving apron bib and a portable linen bag for traveling — all for less than $30. Speaking of sandalwood, The Art of Shaving — as its name suggests — is one of the more luxe brands for shaving kits and essentials for men. Inside, you’ll find the Morris Park Razor, a pre-shave beard oil, a shaving brush and an after-shave balm for a close and comfortable shave. Plus, the kit is travel-friendly, so it won’t take up too much room in your carry-on. One of the buzziest men’s shaving kits brands is Bevel, and rightfully so. Designed with the unique shaving needs of Black men in mind, the system is known for having a step-by-step regimen for every type of shaver to follow to make the grooming process streamlined. With this under $100 kit, you’ll find a pre-shave oil, shave cream, a safety razor (with blades), and post-shave balm to keep your face nice and smooth. It’s also dermatologist-tested, paraben-free and BIPOC-owned. The Isner Mile Grooming & Trimming Beard Kit has almost 20,000 Amazon reviews, namely for its gift-able look and effective essentials. We’re impressed that it includes stainless steel scissors, a wooden comb, and organic facial products. What’s great about the Gentleman Jon Deluxe Wet Shave Kit is how it contains a travel toiletry bag (just those alone can be pricey). But, the bread and butter of this set is its safety razor, badger hair brush, canvas and leather dopp kit, a shave stand, an alum block, a stainless steel shave bowl, shave soap and — of course — double edge razor blades. Shea Moisture may be best known among ladies for its curl creams, but this brand also has a loyal following of bearded men. The brand has a substantial set for less than $50, containing beard wash, a full beard de-tangler, beard conditioning oil and beard balm — everything you need if you already have the razor at home. Moreover, the products are enriched with vitamins A, E and F to hydrate and help remedy dry hair and skin. Truth be told, Jack Black has a great lip balm — but that’s not all. Its three-piece Shave Essentials Gift Set includes a Deep Dive Glycolic Facial Cleanser, a Double-Duty Face Moisturizer and a Supreme Cream Triple Cushion Shave Lather. It’s a reasonably priced option that’ll make any frequent shaver feel taken care of. High-end packaging aside, the King C. Gillette Beard Care Gift Kit is a wonderful trio to stock up on before the holiday season. Upon purchase, you’ll receive the Beard and Face Wash, the Transparent Shave Gel and an apothecary-style Beard Oil to amp up the ante on your (or your loved one’s) grooming routine. Acqua di Parma has divine body and home fragrances that instantly transport you to the Italian Riviera — so why not soak in its Barbiere Essential Shaving Kit? Though a splurge, it comes with a fantastic-scented Eau de Cologne, the Barbiere Soft Shaving Cream and its Barbiere Refreshing After Shave to add the “perfect finishing touch to your look,” per the brand. You can’t pass on Chanel if designer grooming is what you’re after. For serious and splurge-savvy shavers alike, this three-piece kit will feel luxurious on your skin, much ado to its full-sized luxurious shaving cream and magnetic shaving brush — which are both lovingly packaged in Chanel’s signature pouch. If you’re willing to invest, this is a great offering to look into. We’ve heard much about Manscaped, partially accredited to its proprietary SkinSafe Technology to help reduce nicks, snags and tugs. Its Get Close Kit contains the Crop Exfoliator, Crop Gel, an ergonomic, tilting razor handle and a triple-blade stainless steel blade cartridge, so you don’t leave behind any strays. If you want to “join the shaving revolution,” as Viking Revolution’s packaging suggests, then you need its Luxury Safety Razor Shaving Kit. In its sleek container, you’ll find the safety razor (clad with 10 blades), a safety razor stand, a shaving brush, a shaving bowl, shaving soap, pre-shave oil and after-shave balm. Honestly, it comes with all you need. If you’re looking for that practical, richly encased gift for someone for less than $25, the Proraso Nourishing Coarse Beard 2-Piece Shave Cream & After-Shave Balm Set is just what we recommend. This Italy-made, dermatologist-tested brand will help achieve a soft and stellar shave every time. We have been using it for years, and we can honestly say that it’s the most luxury shaving kit you can get at this price — period. The Bee Bald Shaving Kit is worth picking up because it’s travel-sized (which we love) and includes five steps for your best shave yet: clean, heal, scrub, shave and smooth. Its natural ingredients are great to kickstart an effective skincare routine, shaving aside. The Rapid Beard Shaving Kit is a one-stop kit that contains 10 blades, a shaving badger hair brush, sandalwood shaving soap, a shaving stand, a stainless steel bowl and a canvas dopp kit. You can’t beat The Art of Shaving’s Unscented Gifted Groomer 4-Piece Set for a shaving kit he’ll love. It’s especially suitable for sensitive skin types (thanks to its unscented make), and its shaving brush is of the highest quality. In short, you’ll want to have it on deck. With a shaving brush, stainless steel bowl and four soaps, the Fullight Tech bundle is a wonderful less-than-$20 Amazon buy if you need to stock up on some shaving essentials you’re running low on. Not to mention, it’s an excellent opportunity to try new brands and formulations. The Anbbas Shaving & Grooming Set is just $25 and includes goat milk shaving soap, a shaving stand (with a stainless steel bowl) and a shaving brush. The badger hair bristles work well with any hair type or texture: thick or thin alike. If you’re a long-time fan of Gillette, not to fret. The flagship shaving brand has a Proglide Shield Shave Gift Set for less than $35 that comes with a durable razor, three replacement blades and its Soothing Shave Cream with Aloe. Especially if you suffer from sunburn, it’s a good set to snag. What’s more interesting than your typical razor? Well, how about a *heated* razor? This $200 starter kit is a splurge but a practical conversation piece, to say the least. It lets you experience the feeling of a hot towel shaving with every stroke, and you’ll appreciate its adjustable temperature and fully waterproof design. If you’re specifically looking for a beard trimmer, Braun’s 9-in-1 Beard, Ear and Nose Trimmer is one of the biggest bangs for your buck. Inside its soft carry-all case, the set includes different-sized trimmers with impeccable power — 60 minutes of precision trimming coupled with only a 60-minute charge time doesn’t sound too bad. It’s time to throw the BALLS Ultimate Package into your shopping sack. This sensitive-area trimmer comes with a deodorizing lotion, a trimmer, blades and accessories to achieve a smooth, non-irritating shave. It’s just shy of $100, and absolutely worth your coin. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.