The long arm of the law caught up with a crazed one-legged crook — again. Hours after a judge set unhinged suspect Eutano Bernard free without bail in connection with a bizarre padlock and pee incident, cops had the  41-year-old back in handcuffs, the NYPD said. Bernard was collared on the Upper East Side Thursday night when he peppered an elderly woman in the leg with one of his crutches at the East 68th Street-Hunter College subway station, the NYPD’s 19th Precinct trumpeted in a  tweet Friday. “Well, that didn’t take long… The criminal who robbed a CVS, assaulting two employees & two cops—ARRESTED AGAIN! Officers rushed to help a 67-year-old woman after the suspect attacked her & threatened to push her down stairs — quickly finding & arresting the assailant again!” Bernard initially got into hot water when he allegedly attacked convenience store workers and cops in the face with a metal padlock Wednesday before trying to pee on officers on an Upper East Side sidewalk, authorities said. The pee perp was relieved when he was released without bail by a judge the next day, the NYPD said. In the Wednesday afternoon episode, Bernard pulled out his privates and urinated into the air as cops wrestled him to the ground near the CVS on Lexington Avenue near East 87th Street, where he’d allegedly just attacked two workers and stolen four locks and six Red Bull drinks at around 12:50 p.m. The urinator allegedly clocked the workers in the face with the lock as they tried to thwart the $65 shoplift, according to court papers. The stunned workers flagged down two officers for help, according to a criminal complaint. Public Enemy “Number 1” hit both of the responding cops with the same lock before being subdued on a sidewalk near the store, authorities said. Bernard was freed with bail last fall for another alleged assault, police said. As of Saturday afternoon, Bernard was behind bars at Rikers Island on his latest arrest, according to city Department of Correction records. A judge set bail at $30,000.