New York City Sanitation Commisioner Jessica Tisch is taking the Empire State Building’s decision to light its facade in Philadelphia Eagles green a little personally. Tisch’s family co-owns the New York Giants football team, whose rival Eagles demolished the Big Blue in the divisional playoff game 38-17 on Jan. 22. So, political insiders took note when the Tisch-led Sanitation Department issued a trashy statement of outrage on Twitter Sunday night in response to the Empire State Building’s light show honoring the Eagles after Philly trounced the San Francisco 49ers on Sunday 31-7 to earn a trip back to the Super Bowl. “For anyone who finds this as treacherous, traitorous, and unforgivable as we do – just pretend it’s green and white for #NewYorksStrongest,” the Sanitation Department mockingly fumed. “We take out the trash every day…and next year, that’ll include the Eagles. Sources confirmed that the department’s fiery anti-Empire State Building tweet was the sanitation commissioner’s idea. Her cousin, Steve Tisch, is a Giants co-owner. Commissioner Tisch doubled down Monday, telling The Post, “In addition to keeping our city clean, I will always defend New York’s honor, especially against the Filthadelphia Eagles.” Meanwhile miffed politicians — from Gov. Kathy Hochul to local elected officials whose district include the Empire State Building — were running for cover. “To be clear, New York State has no control over how @EmpireStateBldg lights its colors,” Hochul, a Buffalo Bills fanatic, said in a statement. The governor’s spokesman, Avi Small, later added, “Governor Hochul is proud of all of New York’s professional sports teams, and roots for them every chance she gets. “While the State has no control over the Empire State Building’s lighting decisions, New Yorkers can rest assured: the Hochul Administration will never, ever light up a landmark to honor the Philadelphia Eagles.” Mayor Eric Adams also was seeing green. “Unfortunately, someone did not get the memo at the Empire State Building, but we want to see good sportsmanship,” the mayor said on CNN Monday morning. “The Giants will be back next year and the Jets will be back. We’ll be excited when they rebuild their teams. Queens Borough President Donovan Richardson, tongue firmly in cheek, blamed Manhattan Borough President Mark Levine for failing to impose team loyalty with the property owner of the county’s most iconic buildings. “The@EmpireStateBldg knows it’s in Manhattan, right? Get your borough under control,@MBPMarkLevine,” Richards tweeted. East Side Councilman Keith Powers, whose district includes the Empire State Building, ranted,  “As the representative for the Empire State Building, and a diehard Giants fan, let me be on the record saying that this is absolutely ridiculous.” The iconic building,  named after New York’s Empire State moniker, belatedly defended the celebration of New York’s opponents. Its website said it had planned to display the colors of the winning teams in the National Football League conference championship games on Sunday. Later, it also illuminated red and white lights hours later after the Kansas City Chiefs defeated the Cincinnati Bengals 23-20 in the AFC championship game. “That hurt us more than it hurt you,” the building said in its post. “We’re now lit for the @chiefs in honor of their AFC Championship Win.”