A drug dealer who headed a cocaine delivery service in Manhattan was convicted on Monday of dealing fentanyl-tainted powder that killed three people in one day. Billy Ortega, 36, was acting as a dispatcher for the DoorDash-like drug service on March 17, 2021, and sent fellow dealer Kaylen Rainey to transport cocaine to three separate Manhattan addresses, federal prosecutors charged. Rainey, who has pleaded not guilty, allegedly sold fentanyl-laced cocaine to first-year lawyer Julia Ghahramani, trading executive Ross Mtangi and social worker Amanda Scher. All three of the professional New Yorkers died of overdoses that day. According to text messages recovered by investigators, Ortega had touted a “new batch” that the crew was selling that day — and warned Scher that it was especially potent. “Question first … is it the same as it was Sunday? Because that was not good lol, had to get rid of it,” Scher texted Ortega that day. “No new … Batch,” he responded. “Hey try not to do too much because it’s really strong. Hey boss lady you heard Lol,” Ortega added, but Scher never responded. He then made three FaceTime calls to her number, but none of them was answered, according to federal prosecutors. After Ghahramani bought cocaine from the same batch that day, a number associated with the delivery service tried to call her twice that night and five times the next morning — but none of them was answered. Ortega was convicted by a Manhattan federal jury of one count of narcotics conspiracy resulting in death, three counts of narcotics distribution resulting in death, and one count of use and carrying of a firearm in furtherance of the narcotics conspiracy. He faces a maximum of life in prison and a mandatory minimum sentence of 25 years, federal authorities said. “Billy Ortega ran a drug delivery service that delivered fentanyl, killing three victims on a single day. Worse yet, Ortega was fully aware that a customer had previously overdosed from the deadly fentanyl Ortega laced into his product, yet continued sending the drugs to his victims,” US Attorney Damian Williams said in a statement. “As a unanimous jury determined, Ortega will now be held accountable for the victims’ tragic and untimely deaths,” he added. A third defendant, William Drayton, who acted as a courier for the crew on other days, previously pleaded guilty and is scheduled to be sentenced on Feb. 17.