Less than a week after Georgia won the national championship in dominant fashion, tragedy has struck the elite football program. Offensive lineman Devin Willock and staff member Chandler LeCroy died in a car crash, the school announced in a statement. Two other unnamed members of the team were also involved in the accident are in stable condition. The crash came after Willock and teammates celebrated their historic 65-7 win over TCU with a parade on Saturday in Athens, Ga. “The entire Georgia family is devastated by the tragic loss of football student-athlete Devin Willock and football staff member Chandler LeCroy,” the statement read. “Two other members of the football program were injured in the accident. They are both in stable condition, and we will continue to monitor their status with medical personnel. “Devin and Chandler were two special people who meant so much to the University of Georgia, our football program and our athletic department.  We ask that everyone keep their families in your prayers during this very difficult time. “The UGA Athletic Association will work with our medical team as well as our mental health and performance personnel to make sure we are providing the best support possible for our staff and student-athletes who are processing this grief. We can provide no further comment at this time but ask that everyone continue to keep those involved in your prayers.” The accident occurred at 2:45 a.m. Sunday morning, according to a police report. The 20-year-old Willock died at the scene while the 24-year-old LeCroy later passed away at a local hospital. “We are all heartbroken and devastated with the loss of Devin Willock and Chandler LeCroy,” coach Kirby Smart said in a statement released by the school. “Devin was an outstanding young man in every way. He was always smiling, was a great teammate and a joy to coach. Chandler was a valuable member of our football staff and brought an incredible attitude and energy every single day. We grieve with their families for this tragic loss and will support them in every way possible.” Willock was a Milford, N.J. native who appeared in 15 games for Georgia and made two starts. He was a redshirt sophomore.