Her beloved babies disappeared right before her eyes. A London woman is speaking out about a horrifying condition that caused her to go blind after giving birth. Sylvia Chengo, 34, suffered from a childhood eye condition that flared up again after she welcomed son, Kai, in 2014. “I never thought anything drastic would happen to my vision again,” Chengo told Caters in an interview on Monday. “During childhood, it was stabilized.” Chengo had a “regular” pregnancy — save for an emergency C-section  — but started to notice her eyesight rapidly deteriorating after she became a mom. “When Kai was seven days old, I realized I couldn’t see too well and things were blurry, but I blamed it on not getting enough sleep,” she chillingly recalled. When Chengo’s own mother came to visit, she immediately picked up on problems that her daughter was having with her eyesight. “She told me she noticed I wasn’t doing a thorough job of cleaning Kai after changing his diapers,” the Brit explained. “Then when I tried to bathe him with my mom helping me, I realized I couldn’t see anything in front of me and my vision had gone.” Doctors were reportedly “bewildered” by Chengo’s condition, but gave her medication which helped her regain most of her vision in three weeks. “He’d changed so much!” the mom said of seeing her son. “He wasn’t a newborn anymore. He had his eyes open and was looking straight at me.” Chengo didn’t disclose whether doctors officially diagnosed her with a known condition. Four years later, Chengo gave birth to her second child and found that her eyesight had worsened once again. “I got this haze of vision … to the point where I couldn’t even see my hand in front of my face,” she explained. “It was just a normal day, I hadn’t done anything out of the blue and I was just making myself a cup of tea, I thought to myself this is it, my eyes have finally given up.” While medication helped, Chengo says her vision is still blurry and she can’t see anything further than three feet. She also experiences drastic flare-ups. While Chengo is determined not to let the condition stop her from being a hands-on mom, she admits it’s not always easy. “My kids are a lot more independent now, but as they’ve grown, they’ve come with new challenges,” she admitted. “For instance, my daughter doesn’t like holding my hand as she’s getting older, so she wears a hi-vis jacket as it’s easier to spot her.” The mom — who uses a cane — says some people have told her she doesn’t look blind, leading her to start posting about her life on social media. “I want to help others understand blindness is a spectrum and having a disability doesn’t mean you can’t live your best life, there are adaptations that can be made,” she explained. “People need to be more aware of how they treat others,” the mom of two added. “I have people around me who support me with everything I need help with, but overall I love my independence!” 