President Biden has returned to the scene of the crime. The 80-year-old commander-in-chief arrived Friday evening at the Delaware home where he kept classified documents from his time as vice president next to his 1967 Corvette Stingray, one day after Attorney General Merrick Garland appointed a special counsel to investigate the matter. Friday’s trip is Biden’s 52nd to Wilmington since taking office in January 2021. According to a tally by The Post, Biden has spent all or part of 151 days of his presidency at the 6,850-square-foot mansion. The White House confirmed that sensitive material was found at the Delaware home three days after disclosing that an initial tranche of classified documents were found in Biden’s former office at the Penn Biden Center think tank in Washington Nov. 2. The discoveries prompted Garland to tap former Maryland US Attorney Robert Hur to investigate whether Biden or others criminally mishandled classified documents. Federal law states that officials who permit the removal of classified information from its rightful place through “gross negligence” can be imprisoned for up to ten years. Biden has long viewed his Wilmington estate, purchased in 1998 for $350,000 and now reportedly worth at least $2 million, as offering him more freedom than 1600 Pennsylvania Ave. “I said when I was running, I wanted to be president — not to live in the White House, but to be able to make the decisions about the future of the country,” Biden said in February 2021, adding that living in the White House is “a little like a gilded cage in terms of being able to walk outside and do things.” House Republicans, however, want to know who has been coming and going from Biden’s uncaged abode and are calling on the White House to release visitor logs from the Wilmington house after the president’s admission that Obama-era White House papers were found stashed on the property. “In light of the Biden family’s suspicious business schemes with foreign adversaries, Americans need to know who has visited President Biden’s Wilmington residence and had access to the stashed classified documents that sat in Biden’s garage,” House Oversight Committee Chairman James Comer (R-Ky.) wrote in a letter to White House counsel Stuart Delery on Friday. “The White House needs to release visitor logs to the public and bring transparency to this administration,” he added. Biden on Thursday was adamant that at least some of the classified documents found in Wilmington were secure. “My Corvette is in a locked garage, OK? So it’s not like they’re sitting out on the street,” said the president. With Steven Nelson