Disgraced Long Island Rep. George Santos allegedly made tasteless jokes about Adolf Hitler and “the Jews and blacks,” according to an alarming new report. The Republican congressman — who claimed to be a “proud American Jew” during his campaign before admitting to The Post last month that he was “clearly Catholic” — purportedly made the wisecrack in a Facebook thread obtained by Patch. The since-deleted comment was a reply to a March 2011 post from a friend who suggested that a photo of someone saluting looked “something like Hitler,” the outlet said. “hiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiigh hiiiiiiiiiiiitlerrrrrrrrrrr (hight hitler),” Santos replied, according to a screenshot of the chat shared by a former friend, Patch said. “lolololololololololololol sombody [sic] kill her!!” Santos went on, repeating the acronym for “laugh out loud.” “The Jews and black mostly lolllolol!!! Dum,” he concluded, according to the screenshot shared by Patch. Santos would have been 22 at the time of the alleged comment, which was on a personal Facebook page that he deleted in late December after he was elected to Congress, the outlet said. The former friend — who declined to be identified — told Patch that they took a screenshot because they thought it was an offensive comment from someone who claimed to be part-Jewish and a descendant of Holocaust survivors. Another former friend, Santos’ one-time roommate Gregory Morey-Parker, confirmed the existence of the Facebook post that sparked the distasteful response. Santos was clearly stunned Thursday when asked about the report in the halls of the Capitol. “I’m sorry?” he replied in an aghast tone when asked his “most-recently-leaked Facebook comments,” with the interviewer interpreting his quote as being “about killing all Jews and black people.” “That’s going to be hard to hold,” he said, walking away into an elevator. His attorney, Joseph Murray, told Patch that “the Facebook comment that you reference …is completely false, absolutely disgusting.” “There is absolutely nothing to talk about,” the lawyer stated. Still, the scandal added to mushrooming demands for the rookie representative to step down. “George Santos trafficked in Antisemitism before pretending to be Jew-ish. RESIGN!” tweeted Rep. Ritchie Torres, a regular Santos critic. Oren Segal, the vice president of the Center on Extremism at the Anti-Defamation League, told Patch the Hitler comment “would be deeply offensive and an affront to the Jewish community.” “Joking about Hitler is clearly offensive for anyone,” he said, “but it’s especially offensive from someone who lied about his Jewish heritage and having family members that fled the Holocaust.” Morey-Parker, however, told Patch that his former roommate often made offensive racially tinged jokes. “He’d always say that it was okay for him to make those jokes because he was Jewish,” he told the local outlet. Santos’ campaign website claimed that his mother was Jewish and his material grandparents escaped the Nazis during World War II, which he bragged about in interviews. However, when he first confessed to The Post about a slew of lies in his resume, he admitted he was Catholic. Patch said that the under-fire rookie congressman used the name Anthony Zabrovsky on Facebook in 2013 and 2014. That is the same name that Santos said he used because “the Jews will give more if you’re a Jew,” Morey-Parker previously told CNN. One of Santos’ former co-workers, Barbara Hurdas, also told Patch that she was frequently uncomfortable with his posts that she found racist, including ones that suggested then-first lady Michelle Obama was a man. Joshua Sauberman got into an online argument with Santos in November 2020 when the future congressman shared an Instagram meme showing former President Barack Obama and his wife altered to look like apes, a common racist trope. In his replies, Santos noted that his hashtags said the image was a “#badmove” by a European outlet — adding that it would be hard “to acuse [sic] me of racism” because “I’m son of a black man and raised in a very bi-racial family.” Santos appeared to hint at the latest scandal in a tweet defending his track record. “From interviewing clowns, to creating fake ‘posts’ the media continues to down spiral as their attempt to smear me fails,” he wrote late Thursday. “I am getting the job I signed up for done, while you all spiral out of control.”