Michael Jackson’s complex life story is coming to the big screen. “Training Day” and “Emancipation” director Antoine Fuqua, 57, is set to direct the biopic based on Jackson’s life and career. “Bohemian Rhapsody” producer Graham King is producing “Michael” and “The Aviator” writer John Logan penned the script for Lionsgate. “The first films of my career were music videos, and I still feel that combining film and music are a deep part of who I am,” Fuqua said in a statement to Deadline. The “Equalizer” filmmaker began his career directing music videos for artists such as Coolio, Usher, Toni Braxton and more in the ’90s. He went on: “For me, there is no artist with the power, the charisma, and the sheer musical genius of Michael Jackson. “I was influenced to make music videos by watching his work — the first black artist to play in heavy rotation on MTV. His music and those images are part of my worldview, and the chance to tell his story on the screen alongside his music was irresistible,” the Pittsburgh native said. While filming is set to begin later this year, no lead has been cast to play the “Thriller” singer. “Antoine is a perceptive and powerful filmmaker, and we feel very fortunate that he has chosen ‘Michael’ as his next project. His visionary storytelling skills and commitment to his craft will make ‘Michael’ an unforgettable film,” Joe Drake — chairman of Lionsgate Motion Picture Group — told the outlet. King chimed in and noted how Fuqua “will make an exceptional and compelling film that will both celebrate and give profound new insights into the life of the King of Pop.” The film will explore Jackson’s prolific career as well as the allegations of child sexual abuse against him. Jackson died in June 2009 at 50 due to acute propofol intoxication. He is survived by children Prince, Paris and Bigi, formerly called Blanket. Paris, 24, got candid about her father’s parenting during an appearance on Naomi Campbell’s YouTube series “No Filter” in 2021. “My dad was really good about making sure we were cultured, making sure we were educated, and not just showing us like the glitz and glam, like hotel hopping, five-star places,” she said. “Growing up, it was about earning stuff. If we wanted five toys from FAO Schwarz or Toys R Us, we had to read five books,” the “Scream” star said. “It’s earning it, not just being entitled to certain things or thinking, ‘Oh, I got this.’ It’s like working for it, working hard for it — it’s, it’s something else entirely. It’s an accomplishment.”