The Caesars Sportsbook promo code NPBONUSFULL unlocks a $1,250 first bet “on Caesars” for all new users. If you’re in Ohio, you can get the same offer but up to $1,500, with Caesars Sportsbook promo code NPBONUS1BET. New Caesars Sportsbook bettors elsewhere can get up to $1,250 back if their first bet loses when they register with the promo code NPBONUSFULL. This is one of the best offers around, as it is $250 more than you would typically find at other online sportsbooks. How does this offer work? Make your first bet at Caesars and if it loses, you’ll be refunded in bet credits, up to $1,250. So if you put $200 on this NFL futures bet we detail below, you’ll profit about $200 if it wins. You’ll then have $400 in your account that’s real cash — this promo has effectively ended. If that first bet loses, you’ll bet $200 in bet credits back. You then must use the bet credits on any wager and turn them into cash. But you don’t keep the bet credit amount. So if you put $50 in credits on the Eagles -2.5 and it wins, you’ll profit about $45 but don’t keep the $50 in credits. With the race for the Lombardi Trophy down to four teams, the NFL futures market for this season is on its final legs. However, there’s a way that you can get value on both the Eagles and the 49ers in the Super Bowl. This is all contingent on who wins the AFC championship game, but there is an opportunity to get either the Eagles or 49ers at plus money in the Super Bowl by taking the NFC to win it all. The line is currently +100, which is good value when you consider that the Eagles would likely be slight favorites over both the Chiefs and Bengals. Also, the 49ers would be favored over the Bengals. The only stipulation where you lose value is a Super Bowl between the Chiefs and 49ers, where the 49ers may be +120 underdogs, but you could always bet them individually. New and existing players. 21+. Available in AZ, CO, IA, IL, IN, KS, LA, MI, NJ, NY, TN, VA, WV only. Full T&C apply.. If you’re looking to pad your bankroll, look no further than Caesars Sportsbook. Caesars offers loads of daily profit boosts. They come in all shapes and sizes, as they could be increasing the odds on straight bets, or boosting same-game parlays, or even giving you extra value with a three-team parlay on the day’s biggest favorites. However you like to bet, Caesars has you covered. So be sure to check out all the boosts they have to offer. For Ohio bettors: OH only. 21+. New users and first wager only. Must register with eligible promo code. Bet amount of qualifying wager returned only if wager is settled as a loss. Maximum bet credit $1,500; must be used within 14 days of receipt. See Caesars.com/promos for full terms. Void where prohibited. Know When To Stop Before You Start.® Gambling problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER.