The fitness YouTuber Leo Rex, best known for his penis enlargement videos, died in Thailand under mysterious circumstances. He was 34 years old. Charles Anthony Hughes, 40, a friend of the YouTuber — who was born Laith Abdallah Algaz — discovered the body after Algaz didn’t return his friends’ phone calls, Viral Press reported. Hughes, known as Dr. Huge online, entered Algaz’s place in eastern Thailand using a spare key and found Algaz’s lifeless body in a bedroom. He promptly called the police. Authorities said that the ex-pat from Colorado was found lying face down wearing a black shirt and nothing else from the waist down. He was reportedly leaking blood from both his mouth and nose, according to authorities, who pronounced the vlogger dead at the scene. Meanwhile, Algaz’s apartment was in disarray, with papers and clothing strewn everywhere and the shelves and toilet in his bathroom demolished, as if in a raid. Police also found various drugs, including sleeping pills, steroids, cannabis, anti-anxiety medication and antidepressants. Hughes stated that his friend would often stay at home on the computer while using cannabis. Algaz’s friend Aicha Humera Rattanaphan, 25, said that “he lived alone in this room” and “didn’t have many visitors.” Before his death, Algaz boasted over 123,000 subscribers on his YouTube channel, called Leo and Longevity, where he frequently posted videos on exercise supplements. In his most popular tutorials, garnering thousands of views, the YouTuber divulged alleged secrets to enlarging one’s manhood. Police said they are reviewing CCTV footage and have pledged to interview suspects regarding the case. “We will be interrogating the victim’s friends, and a woman who had stayed with him before he died,” declared a local police captain, Sombat Kaewmulsuk, adding that foul play had not been ruled out. He said, “The room looked like there had been a disturbance, so it’s possible somebody else was with him before he died or the victim was distressed in some way.” However, Kaewmulsuk implored the public “not to jump to any conclusions until a complete examination has been done.” Algaz’s body has been transported to a forensics center for an autopsy. The US Embassy in Bangkok was informed of his death so they could contact his relatives.