Well, she is a Leo. Kylie Jenner, 25, showed up to Paris fashion week, in roaring style — donning a Schiaparelli dress affixed with a giant, lifelike lion’s head. During the fashion house’s wild couture show, model Irina Shayk walked down the runway in a gown similar to Jenner’s black, ruched velvet column adorned with the king of the jungle’s noggin. On Instagram, the label was quick to note,  “NO ANIMALS WERE HARMED IN MAKING THIS LOOK” and explained that the lion’s head was constructed from “hand sculpted foam, resin, wool and silk faux fur, hand painted to look as life-like as possible.” But, some in the fashion world condemned the iconic label, saying the look glamorized trophy hunting. Legendary supermodel Christie Brinkley called the dress “sickening” and a “fashion faux paw” on Instagram. “It looks as though the models picked up the cruel hunters carpet and severed head wrapped them around themselves to be viewed as a stylish thing of beauty … pelts are a symbol of human’s cruelty and ignorance,” she wrote. Filmmaker Dan O’Neill said, “We have to stop showing animals as luxury ‘products.’ “ Other fierce looks in the fashion show were sported by Shalom Harlow, in a body-conscious snow leopard strapless number, and supermodel Naomi Campbell, in a full-length black coat with a wolf’s head resting on the shoulder. The lion dress also called to mind the big cat-on-the-shoulder look sported by King Jaffe Joffer, the ruler of the fictional African country Zamunda in the 1988 classic, “Coming to America.” Schiaparelli was founded in 1927 by Italian socialite Elsa Schiaparelli. She often collaborated with surrealists like Salvador Dali. On Instagram, the label said the authentic- looking animals were a literary reference and handcrafted by an Israeli artist. “The leopard, the lion, and the she-wolf — representing lust, pride, and avarice in Dante’s iconic allegory,” the post explained. Schiaparelli’s creative director Daniel Roseberry told WWD he wasn’t aiming to be “literal.” “We’re not going into the nine circles of hell and meeting Satan at the end. That’s not the point,” he said. “But the point was really Dante himself and this story about trial, tribulation, doubt, and that you have to experience all of that in order to get to paradise.” It’s unclear if Roseberry foresaw how controversial the faux beast-bedecked dresses would be. He said, “Above all, I want people to feel that there are risks being taken, that we take the biggest swings possible and that they don’t know what they’re gonna see.”