From mama bare to mama bear. Turn-of-the-century temptress Pamela Anderson, 55, shows off her maternal side in a forthcoming memoir, “Love, Pamela,” filled with revelations about sons Brandon, 26, and Dylan, 25, and her famously difficult relationship with the boys’ father, rocker Tommy Lee, 60. “Brandon and Dylan are true miracles, considering their gene pool,” the former “Baywatch” star and Playboy Playmate wrote in an excerpt from her book, published on People.com. “They have been through so much, yet they are not full of holes.” Anderson was married to the Mötley Crüe drummer from 1995 until 1998. The couple infamously endured the saga of a stolen and leaked sex tape at the beginning of their partnership. Those drama-fueled years inspired the Golden Globe nominated Hulu series “Pam & Tommy,” starring Lily James as Anderson and Sebastian Stan as Lee. Anderson recently revealed that she’s never seen the notorious sex tape, but that reliving the trauma around that event in her life makes her “sick.” “We dealt with it the best way we knew how and some of it got crazy,” Anderson wrote. “And Tommy and I, between the two of us, I don’t think we had the maturity level to really handle it all.” Lee was charged with spousal abuse in 1998 and served jail time for an altercation with Anderson, which led to the couple’s split. Anderson said that she thinks they should have stayed together, if it wasn’t for the boys — who, she told People, encouraged her to tell her story. “I think we really let our kids down. And that’s something it’s really hard for me to forgive myself about,” Anderson confessed. “We should have found a way through it. I couldn’t accept any kind of violent maneuver. It was my childhood fears coming out. I didn’t want that for my kids and as much as I loved Tommy more than anything in the world, I loved my kids more. “They saved me. I don’t want to put that on [them] but having children changed everything. I’ve loved every moment,” she wrote. The book will be released Jan. 31. In addition to the memoir, Anderson has a new Netflix documentary called “Pamela: A Love Story,” also out Jan. 31.