A young boy died after his adoptive parents subjected the 4-year-old to a series of sickening abuse, including an amateur exorcism, according to court records. The twisted guardians, Joe Paul Wilson and Jodi Ann Wilson, performed exorcisms on adopted son Skyler Wilson and his brother while they were both in their care for two years, court records alleged, according to Fox 8. Now, the mom and dad are facing murder charges in Skyler’s death for the alleged abuse they inflicted on him. A former foster parent of Skyler’s told authorities that Jodi Wilson told her that Skyler was deprived of food and was “pouched” and swaddled, the television station reported, citing a search warrant application. He was also left in a room alone for extended periods of time, according to the warrant. The alleged abuse became deadly when dispatchers received a call on Jan. 5 from Joe Wilson about the child suffering from a seizure as a woman was heard in the background saying, “It’s my fault,” according to the court doc, the Richmond Times-Dispatch reported. Jodi Wilson reportedly texted her husband before the boy’s medical emergency that night “that something had happened with the swaddling with Skyler,” according to the warrant. When first responders arrived, Skyler was unresponsive and not breathing, the document states. A doctor reportedly told police that Skyler suffered brain injuries possibly due to the restriction from swaddling. The young boy died on Jan. 9 from not receiving enough oxygen to the brain, the search warrant states, according to the Richmond Times Dispatch, and the Surry County Sheriff’s Office launched a homicide probe into the parents. The 41-year-old dad and 38-year-old mom were arrested and charged with murder on Jan. 13, the sheriff’s office said. Other children in the couple’s custody were removed and turned over to the Department of Social Services, authorities said. “This is a tragic event that resulted in the death of a precious child way too soon,” Sheriff Steve C. Hiatt said in a statement. “Please remember the other siblings involved in this situation as well as the investigators who worked tirelessly on this case in your thoughts and prayers.” The pair are being held on bond and have a Feb. 2 court date.