Talk about separation of assets. A newly divorced Gisele Bündchen quickened pulses in the Sunshine State Friday, donning an extremely cheeky purple thong swimsuit for a beachy photoshoot near Miami. The supermodel mom, 42, sizzled in the butt- and bust-baring hooded one-piece that left little to the imagination. The sexy swimwear featured a deep-cut neckline that plunged down to her bellybutton. For a shred of modesty, Bündchen wore nude briefs under the high-cut suit so as not to flash the crew of stylists and shutterbugs surrounding her. The former Victoria’s Secret Angel playfully yanked down on the one-piece as she confidently posed for the cameras, showing off her sublime stems and toned physique. But Bündchen’s not just making waves in barely-there bathing attire. After her split with Tom Brady last year, the Brazilian-born Bündchen made headlines with a rumored rebound relationship with her jiu-jitsu instructor Joaquim Valente. The pair were snapped in Costa Rica together in November — just weeks after she and Tampa Bay Buccaneers quarterback Brady, 45, confirmed that they were divorcing after 13 years of marriage. “With much gratitude for our time together, Tom and I have amicably finalized our divorce,” Bündchen wrote on Instagram. “My priority has always been and will continue to be our children whom I love with all my heart. We will continue co-parenting to give them the love, care and attention they greatly deserve.” Bündchen had famously put her modeling career on pause to raise her two children — Benjamin Rein, 13, and Vivian Lake, 10 — with Brady. “I’ve done my part, which is [to] be there for [Tom]. I focused on creating a cocoon and a loving environment for my children to grow up in and to be there supporting him and his dreams,” Bündchen told Elle last year. Now, Bündchen is back in her bikini-clad element. In October, The Post revealed that she had quietly purchased a three-bedroom home near Miami Beach. And she seems to be keen on her second act, dishing on her extensive plans to Elle last September: “I have a huge list of things that I have to do, that I want to do. At 42, I feel more connected with my purpose.”