Priscilla Presley has broken her silence on Lisa Marie Presley’s death after she reportedly went into cardiac arrest. “Priscilla Presley and the Presley family are shocked and devastated by the tragic death of their beloved Lisa Marie,” read a statement to The Post from a rep for the 77-year-old Priscilla. “They are profoundly grateful for the support, love and prayers of everyone, and ask for privacy during this very difficult time.” Priscilla was spotted by paparazzi arriving at the hospital to be by her daughter’s side. Lisa Marie is in the intensive care unit on life support, in an induced coma and with a temporary pacemaker, according to TMZ, after going into “full arrest” in her Calabasas home. She is reportedly in critical condition. Deputies responded to a call at the 5900 block of Normandy Drive in Calabasas at about 10:40 a.m. Thursday at the request of Los Angeles County Fire Department, Sgt. Sean Maloney of the Los Angeles Sheriff’s Office told The Post. The call involved a female in cardiac arrest. Maloney said that fire personnel were able to get a pulse and the woman was transported to West Hills Hospital. A fire department representative told The Post they were dispatched at 10:37 a.m. and arrived at 10:43 a.m., and a female patient — reported to be 55 — was transported at 11:17 a.m. “My beloved daughter Lisa Marie was rushed to the hospital,” Priscilla told The Post earlier Thursday in a statement. “She is now receiving the best care. Please keep her and our family in your prayers. “We feel the prayers from around the world and ask for privacy at this time,” she added. According to TMZ, a housekeeper found Lisa Marie unresponsive in her bedroom on Thursday. Her ex-husband, Danny Keough, who also lives at the residence, reportedly returned home upon discovering an unconscious Presley and performed CPR until paramedics arrived. According to TMZ’s source, it was not a suicide attempt. Presley and Keough’s son Benjamin, died of a self-inflicted gunshot wound in 2020. Lisa Marie and Priscilla just attended the Golden Globes on Tuesday to watch Austin Butler score the men’s top drama acting award for his portrayal of Elvis in Baz Luhrmann’s biopic.