Peace talks between Prince Harry and the royal family could take place before his King Charles’ coronation in May, according to a new report. “The only way forward” is for the exiled prince and his wife Meghan Markle to kiss and make up with Harry’s estranged kin before Charles is officially crowned on May 6, sources close to the royal family told The Sunday Times. The couple, who live in California with their two children after infamously exiting royal life in 2020, are expected to attend the king’s big day at Westminster Abbey. “It’s going to take flexibility on all sides, but it can be done. It’s fixable,” said a source close to the king who’s also familiar with the Duke and Duchess of Sussex. “It needs Harry over here, in the room with the King and Prince of Wales and a couple of other family members.” The insider continued, “Both sides need to hold their hands up and admit we didn’t get everything right, and we got a lot wrong, and we have to say to him, ‘We understand the pain you’ve been through.’ The King can do it.” The source also suggested Harry needs to swallow his pride and admit wrongdoing. “Not everyone here behaved well, but Harry’s got to be able to sit down and say: ‘We didn’t behave well either.’ We’ve got to move on it and get it done by April. The King needs a clear run for the coronation,” they said. Friends of the royal family told The Times Harry has to realize that his attacks on the so-called Firm in his memoir have not been well received as he carries on with his new life. “They have to now be quiet and get on with their thing in America,” the friend said. “You’ve said your piece, but why are you trying to torch the whole house?” they asked. Last week, Harry told Anderson Cooper on “60 Minutes” that he is “looking forward” to reconciling with his brother and royal family members, and having a “private” and “constructive conversation” with them in the future. “Meghan and I have continued to say that we will openly apologize for anything that we did wrong,” Harry said. “But every time we ask that question, no one’s telling us the specifics or anything.” “I really look forward to having that family element back,” he continued. “I look forward to having a relationship with my brother. I look forward to having a relationship with my father and other members of my family.” More abrasively, Harry demanded his family “come clean” about their treatment of his wife in an interview with The Telegraph this week. “You know what you did, and I now know why you did it. And you’ve been caught out, so just come clean,” he said. In “Spare,” Harry shockingly claimed he was only bred for “spare parts” for his older brother, two years his elder and the heir to the throne. He also characterized William as a bully, and accused him of physically attacking him and pointing his finger in Meghan’s face. The two have not been in communication with each other for “some time,” Harry said on “60 Minutes.” In an appearance on “Good Morning America” last week, Harry conceded that “without question” he was “sure” he had at least some responsibility for the breakdown of his relationship with his brother. “The silence for now has been the right thing, but this is not going to go away,” a close friend of the brothers told The Times. “This has to be resolved and neutralized so that when William has the top job, his brother isn’t still sniping from the sidelines. I genuinely don’t think this is the end of things. Harry simply cannot do without his brother.”