Gov. Kathy Hochul is personally lobbying key Dem state senators to back her controversial nomination of Judge Hector LaSalle for top New York jurist — warning at least one she will “remember” who’s with her. Hochul and her staff are desperately trying to salvage her choice of LaSalle as he battles intense opposition from lefty pols, who could succeed in making her the first-ever governor to have her judicial pick to lead the state’s highest court rejected, some of the pols told The Post. The lobbied lawmakers include several Democratic members of the state Senate’s powerful Judiciary Committee – the panel charged with greenlighting or killing Hochul’s choice – who said on condition of anonymity that Hochul has either personally met with or called them over the past week and a half in an apparent desperate effort to sway them to her side. “She said, ‘He’s the right person for the job,’ ” one of the contacted state senators said. Hochul, a Democrat, added to the pol, “I’m going to remember those who did not rush to judge and those who did the right thing,” according to the person, recounting the governor’s apparent veiled warning. Another Democrat contacted by Hochul said she’s “been much more forceful, particularly to the upstate [senators], like, really putting the screws to them” to vote yes. “This is the kind of thing where if you vote no, we won’t have a relationship [with Hochul],” the lawmaker said. The comments are particularly striking given how Hochul has made congeniality a key part of her political brand since replacing the notoriously power hungry ex-Gov. Andrew Cuomo last year. Still, they appear to be in line with what the governor exclusively told The Post last week. “I will make sure – whatever means it takes — we’ll get this done,” she said of LaSalle’s nomination, while accusing opposing Senate Democrats of “character assassination” for knocking the judge over a handful of cases he oversaw during his time on the state Supreme Court’s Appellate Division in Brooklyn. LaSalle’s progressive critics have said they fear he would push the state Court of Appeals too far right if he gets to helm the top bench. Some lawmakers said the political standoff over LaSalle also has been filled with constant calls to pols from Hochul staffers, chief among them Chatodd Floyd, deputy secretary for Legislative Affairs and Policy. But several observers pointed to noticeable silence from Hochul’s deputy secretary for intergovernmental affairs, Amit Bagga, a supporter of the “defund the police” movement, which would presumably be against LaSalle’s appointment. Instead of making calls on behalf of his boss, Bagga has been phoning Queens politicos to determine their interest in reviving his failed City Council bid against Democrat Julie Won, sources said. Some pols told The Post that Hochul’s administration failed to gauge how well LaSalle would sit with them before she nominated him. The alleged lack of preparation is tantamount to “political malpractice,” a lawmaker told The Post. “We heard 15 or 30 minutes before the pay-raise vote,” the source said of LaSalle’s nomination while referring to the legislature’s salary hike. “It was the day we were headed up to Albany, and there was no preparation for anyone.” A Democratic insider added, “The team she has empowered just hasn’t been doing their job because they haven’t done the basics of reaching out to the people who will be voting on the confirmation. “It’s honestly shocking,” the source said. “You have to ask yourself: Are there people inside the office who are trying to sabotage the governor’s office for their own political ambition?” Sources said the possibility of Hochul losing the LaSalle nomination is even more embarrassing now, since she already caved to leftist lawmakers by giving the legislature a salary hike without getting the bail reforms she sought in return. On one side of the LaSalle debate are Hochul, moderate Dems and many Latino officials  and fellow judges, as well as likely some GOPers. In the other camp are leftist legislators, organized labor and criminal-justice reformers. State Senate Democrats moved last week to pack a key committee that could block Hochul’s court pick from even getting a vote by the full Senate – an “unprecedented” attack on gubernatorial prerogatives, according to the governor. “I do not see this ending in the way the governor wished it would,” Democratic state Senate leader Andrea Stewart-Cousins acknowledged to a Gothamist Gazette podcast interviewer. Stewart-Cousins and other pols met personally with LaSalle last week, and more are scheduled to huddle with him this week. Democratic New York City Mayor Eric Adams spoke out for the first time about the controversy Sunday — but added little to the debate. Asked by CBS interviewer Marcia Kramer whether “the progressives are doing something wrong now by trying to block [LaSalle’s] appointment,” Adams replied, “There’s a process in the Senate that allows us to hear, question and make the determination. “Let’s let it take [it’s] course,” the mayor said. “It’s a historical moment, a qualified person that happens to be Latino. We should allow the process to take its course, let him show his record and answer the difficult questions.”