She was probably too busy getting busy. A popular adult entertainer-turned-data scientist shared a shocking self admission about her hygiene, causing debate to bubble up on social media. The mononymous Aella — once OnlyFan’s top-grossing star with a reported monthly income of $100,000 — told her 130,000 followers on Twitter that she only showered 37 times last year. “My 2022 in stats!,” tweeted Aella Sunday. “And some # – how many times I ___ this year.” By her own account, Aella engaged in about twice the amount of sex as she did showers, with 63 sexual encounters last year. In fact, she did a lot of other things more than bathing last year: Activities that fell below showering on the sex expert’s list included the amount of times she’d consumed various drugs, traveled, exercised worked out and fell ill. The number 37 rang in the ears of habitual bathers, who noted that the average American adult takes roughly 145 showers annually, according to a 2021 Harvard survey. “Yep, I try not to disturb my natural skin microbiome too much,” Aella responded to Twitter’s clean critics. “If I shower too often I seem to stink more! I regularly use a bidet and spot-wash my armpits and genitals tho.” The influencer added that she also washes her face and brushes her teeth daily, and changes her sheets twice per month. But her dermatologic excuse didn’t soak in for some. “37 showers is so insane to me. I shower twice a day and many days 3 times in the summer or just bc I may have been running around. You stink. You have to,” tweeted one soap enthusiast. Meanwhile, one male fan pointed out an apparent double-standard, lamenting, “How come when Aella showers once a week its cool but when I do it ‘they are not just social norms bro.’ “ However, the sex worker’s hot shower takes highlighted an important issue, according to one reader. “This thread has me wondering how much water gets used by ppl obsessed w showering bc their [black and white] thinking has led them to believe that anything not immediately sanitized is disgusting,” they tweeted. “And have never questioned the narrative of their bodies are inherently nasty and require soap.” A number of unwashed celebrities became centers of conversation on social media in recent years by admitting how little they bathe — themselves and their children. “More and more I find bathing to be less necessary,” actor Jake Gyllenhaal, 42, said in 2021. Taylor Swift also became part of the discourse when she copped to skipping many leg days in the shower, while star parents, such as Kristen Bell, 42, and Dax Shepard, 48, said they subscribe to soaping their kids only when dirt is visible. Despite the controversy, these bold claims are backed by science. Dermatologists “don’t recommend a prolonged bath or daily showers,” according to Manhattan derm Dr. Julie Russak, who told The Post that lathering in hot water “really removes and destroys the skin’s microbiome,” which plays a role in protecting the skin and is “also extremely important in overall health of the body.” “There has to be a healthy balance,” Russak advised, adding one simple rule of thumb: “When you smell, it’s time to take a shower.”