Is President Joe Biden on the verge of proclaiming a new national holiday? On Friday, Biden will hold a White House ceremony to commemorate the second anniversary of the Jan. 6 Capitol Clash. Biden has perennially invoked that day’s violence to sanctify his own power and demonize Republican opponents. The speech will likely echo Biden’s theme from September insisting that MAGA Republicans (which effortlessly becomes all Republicans) “embrace political violence.” At Friday’s shindig, Biden will pirouette as the Savior of Moderation — notwithstanding his vitriolic midterm congressional campaign speeches castigating Republicans for “semi-fascism.” Biden will present Presidential Citizens Medals to a dozen people connected to either the 2020 election or the Jan. 6 (J6) ruckus. The event will be part of the sustained effort to coronate Team Biden as the mirror image of rampaging pro-Trump protesters. Perhaps Team Biden will seek to turn J6 into America’s Guy Fawkes Day. In 1605, Catholic extremists were caught placing kegs of gunpowder beneath the room where the House of Lords and King James would soon meet. The conspirators were caught before they could destroy England’s rulers. For more than 400 years, British citizens have celebrated Guy Fawkes Day with bonfires to mark the anniversary. Guy Fawkes commemorations result in “Hatred of All Things Catholic,” Catholic.com says. Biden and fellow Democrats are crafting a J6 narrative that could end in “Hatred of All Things Republican.” But to achieve that end, the feds need far more scalps. Not satisfied with rhetorically burning Donald Trump in effigy, the Biden administration is sending federal agents to ravage the lives of as many J6 protesters as possible. Some experts predict a deluge of new prosecutions in the coming months. Plenty of individuals attacked police or destroyed federal property at the Capitol on J6, and they deserve harsh punishments. But there are not enough such culprits to support the Biden storyline of an insurrection that almost toppled the government. The primary proof of J6’s grave peril is the sheer number of federal indictments and convictions the Biden administration has notched. Attorney General Merrick Garland boasted Wednesday that the J6 “investigation has resulted in the arrest of more than 950 defendants for their alleged roles in the attack.” The total arrests far exceed the number of violent private citizens at the Capitol that day. A Justice Department press release noted, “860 defendants have been charged with entering or remaining in a restricted federal building or grounds.” Shades of Lee Harvey Oswald! “Trespassing plus thought crimes equals terrorism” is the Biden standard for prosecuting J6 defendants. Newsweek notes the FBI treats all those charged with a J6 offense “as domestic terrorists.” Prosecutors are refraining from formally charging J6 defendants with terrorism because that unsubstantiated charge would be laughed out of federal courtrooms. But for scoring J6 federal triumphs, “parading without a permit” is close enough to terrorism. J6 has turned into a perpetual circus to put a halo over the feds while permitting Team Biden to pretend it alone stands between America and utter chaos. But two major fault lines are endangering the official story. Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Texas) asked senior FBI official Jill Sanborn a year ago: “How many FBI agents or confidential informants actively participated in the events of Jan. 6?” She refused to answer. We learned two months ago the FBI had as many as eight informants inside the Proud Boys, a far-right group charged with seditious conspiracy for its J6 violence. Suspicions have also been spurred by  Ray Epps, an Arizona activist who urged people to go inside the Capitol building and boasted that he “orchestrated” J6 — yet was never charged. The House Select Committee made no effort to investigate the role of federal informants and undercover agents on J6. Instead, at the behest of Rep. Liz Cheney (R-Wyo.), the committee’s final report expunged criticism of law enforcement’s failures, enraging Democratic committee staffers. Biden and his allies have swayed the media to deride anyone who criticizes the 2020 vote results as an “election denier” — a new insult that aspires to the same odium as a Holocaust denier. Politico reports Biden’s speech will “again put center stage the danger and chaos posed by election deniers.” But will Biden deny the damning #TwitterFiles revelations on federal censors influencing the 2020 election? The FBI illegally pressured Twitter (and other tech companies) to suppress stories and criticism of Hunter Biden’s “laptop from hell.” The feds gave Twitter a list of 250,000 accounts (including journalists) they wanted suspended before the election. Tech companies were browbeat to suppress millions of posts criticizing mail-in ballots. We may have seen only the tip of the iceberg of such abuses. How many Americans would the feds have to muzzle before the 2020 election was tainted? Americans can oppose political violence without swallowing Biden’s demonizing of Republicans and conservatives. Permitting Democrats to turn J6 into a hobgoblin to perpetually terrify gullible citizens will degrade, not save, democracy. None of our Founding Fathers ever promised that “hysteria will keep you free.”