He’s just released his own tome, but it seems Prince Harry was already a book lover before becoming an author. The wayward royal, 38, reportedly gifted nephew Prince Louis with a first-edition copy of A.A. Milne’s “Winnie-The-Pooh” at his christening in 2018. There are only 30,000 first-edition copies of the 1926 children’s classic in existence, according to the Mirror, with Harry forking out a cool $9,860 for the present. The thoughtful gift was said to have been inspired by Princess Diana, who collected first-edition copies of her favorite books. “One of Harry’s happiest childhood memories was being read a bedtime story by his mother,” a source told the publication. “She loved all the old classics and Harry had the brilliant idea of starting a little library of first editions for Louis [and his siblings] Charlotte and George to enjoy as they get older.” “He originally wanted to get Lewis Carroll’s ‘Through The Looking Glass,’ which was on sale for $29,000, but decided ‘Winnie-The-Pooh’ would be more suitable for a first tome,” the insider added. ” ‘Robinson Crusoe’ was William’s favorite book, but Harry loved all things A.A. Milne.” Harry’s brother, Prince William, and sister-in-law, Princess Kate, were reportedly thrilled by the thoughtful gift for their youngest son. The family-friendly Milne book is a far cry from Harry’s naughty new memoir “Spare,” which is chock full of raunchy revelations, including details of how he lost his virginity in a field to an older woman who “treated him like a young stallion.” The tawdry tome also includes a now-infamous anecdote — which has been widely mocked online — in which Harry reveals how he treated his frost-bitten penis with Elizabeth Arden cream. Louis’ christening took place in July 2018, just two months after Harry married Meghan Markle at Windsor. It would be another 18 months before the couple spectacularly split from the royal family in a move dubbed “Megixt.” Before then, it seems, Harry and Meghan both had a reputation as stellar gift-givers. In 2016, Meghan gifted William with a witty novelty gift for Christmas. The “Suits’ star had the words “cereal killer” engraved on a spoon for the future king, who was reportedly humored by the punny present. It’s unclear whether Harry and Meghan will return for King Charles’ upcoming coronation, but the new monarch has reportedly asked the Archbishop of Canterbury to help broker peace talks between his warring sons.