A DoorDash driver who put low-tipping customers on blast on TikTok has been fired, the food delivery service told The Post on Wednesday. The ex-Dasher, who posts to TikTok under the username @dashingtrader, went viral for arriving at people’s homes only to berate them for not tipping to his standards. “Multiple CLOWN Encounters!” the former driver captioned one clip, which has handed him 992,400 views since it was posted earlier this month. In the video, which runs for nearly a minute, the embattled employee stitches together customer reactions after asking them why they didn’t tip more. “Ever heard of no tip, no trip?” he asks most of the hungry homeowners, whom he claims didn’t tip a satisfactory amount. The clip begins with a woman sitting at the front desk of a Homewood Suites hotel, as the driver immediately asks her how much she tipped. The exchange has been edited, so the viewer doesn’t hear her response, but the driver admonishes her nonetheless. “Yeah, that ain’t enough when it’s 0 degrees outside, and it’s icy, and I gotta drive my car and wait for it,” he tells her. The Dasher then reveals he makes non-tippers’ food sit longer to be collected, showing a shelf full of takeout. In another case, the customer claims he left a tip for the driver, who immediately shoots back that he left $2 on the order — which, according to the driver, “showed up as $2.50, and that usually means there’s no tip on there.” At the end of the clip, the driver hands a bag of food to a random man. “I take all the bad orders. You hungry?” he says to him. “I got you, man.” A spokesperson for DoorDash told The Post the dasher’s account has been deactivated, a development the former driver confirmed on TikTok. “We expect all members of the DoorDash community to treat each other with respect, and this behavior is clearly unacceptable,” the spokesperson said in a statement. “The Dasher was deactivated, and we apologize to the customers for this uncomfortable experience and not meeting the high expectations they deserve.” On TikTok, viewers weren’t sold on the man’s tip-shaming, with many calling him out in the comments. “Bro makes me not wanna tip anymore,” one user claimed. “I give cash a lot of the time. So I’d cuss this dude out if he didn’t give me a chance to tip him lol,” a TikToker vowed. “Bro. You literally took every trip with no tip?” wondered another.