Police have revealed harrowing new details about the cold-blooded killings of an elderly couple at a Florida retirement community — where the husband was discovered with a butcher-style knife sticking out of his stomach. The 12-page probable cause affidavit, filed Monday and reviewed by The Post, states that Darryl Getman, 83, and Sharon Getman, 80, were knifed to death inside their apartment in Mount Dora on New Year’s Eve. Vickie Williams, 50, has been charged with two counts of first-degree murder and grand theft of a motor vehicle for allegedly killing the Getmans and stealing their car. The court document relates how when police arrived at the Getmans’ apartment at the Waterman Village senior living community around 4 p.m. Dec. 31, they found the wife lying in a T-shirt and underwear in the entryway in a pool of blood, with white towels next to her as if someone tried to render aid or clean up the mess. “(Sharon) had head trauma and a large amount of blood from her abdomen, which ran out and pooled behind her in the entryway,” cops wrote. Her husband of more than 50 years was located nearby, suffering from “severe head and facial trauma as well as a large butcher-style knife with a yellow handle stuck to the hilt in his abdomen,” according to the affidavit. Police added that Darryl appeared to have defensive wounds, suggesting that he tried to fight off the attacker. Investigators are still waiting for a medical examiner’s report to determine the couple’s exact causes of death. Detectives also found a wet bloodstained towel in the guest bathroom, pointing to a cleanup attempt, curly black hairs possibly belonging to the suspect, and bloody shoe- and bare footprints throughout the victims’ home and in their garage. The Getmans’ 2019 Kia Soul was gone, and surveillance video pulled from the area showed the green vehicle speeding away in the early hours. Sharon Getman’s phone and purse were also nowhere to be found, and her son later told cops that his mother had left her belongings inside the car with the keys in the ignition. Police sent out bulletins asking other law enforcement agencies to be on the lookout for the stolen Kia, and used data from license plate readers and pings from Sharon’s phone to  ultimately track down Williams in Savannah, Georgia. The woman was found sitting in the slain couple’s car in an Amtrak parking lot and taken into custody without incident on the night of Jan. 2. Sharon’s purse and cellphone were discovered inside the car, the exterior of which was stained with what appeared to be blood, the affidavit stated. Cops collected samples of Williams’ DNA and hair, and took her fingerprints and ink prints of her feet for comparison to crime scene evidence. During an interview with the police, Williams revealed that she was homeless and living out of her car. The 50-year-old claimed that the green Kia in which she was found was given to her by a friend named Fuller Blue to sleep in for a few days. She also maintained that she stayed in Savannah in the days leading up to and following New Year’s Eve, and that she has not been to Florida in two years. When she was shown screenshots from a surveillance video depicting a black woman wandering around Waterman Village around the time of the Getmans’ murders, Williams repeatedly denied that it was her. However, Williams’ parents living in Ohio positively identified the person in those images as their daughter, according to the court filing. Also, a latent palmprint lifted off a dryer inside the Getmans’ home was matched to Williams’ prints. As of Wednesday, no motive has been released, but Mount Dora police previously described the killings as random. Williams appeared remotely in court Saturday and was ordered held without bond. Her arraignment is scheduled for Jan. 30.