Once a cheater, always a cheater. Kira Arellano has a nifty hack for women who suspect their significant other is cheating on them. After the 19-year-old busted her own fiancé, she took to TikTok recently to share a suggestion that “saved” her: A prenuptial agreement that includes a clause stating if someone in the relationship cheats, the other half is entitled to compensation for emotional damage. The Las Vegas native was engaged to her boyfriend after just four months of dating and he was pressuring her to have a baby, as well. However, she found out he had been two-timing her just three days before the proposal. Arellano decided to use the prenup idea to secure both her finances and emotional health — and scare her fiancé. The behavioral technician told NeedToKnow.Online how he was “very uncomfortable” with the prenup and infidelity clause suggestion. But he backed down and “reluctantly agreed” to sign, although he “showed lessened intentions of getting married after that.” Despite Arellano figuring out his infidelity, she decided to forgive him as “I convinced myself that I loved him for survival purposes.” Before coming up with the idea to have a prenup, she had been wedding planning and had even picked out a dress for the occasion. “But after the prenup conversation,” Arellano said, “the planning didn’t really continue.” And despite never cheating herself and trying “to be the best girlfriend,” their relationship escalated to frequent arguments and she finally realized that she couldn’t “change him.” “Once a cheater, always a cheater,” she said. While Arellano and her fiancé have since broken up, she’s hoping to help others in similar toxic relationships. “I’m very thankful that I got out of that relationship and prevented myself from being stuck in a marriage with someone who doesn’t love me and never loved me,” she said. “I’m definitely healing and it can be really hard sometimes because I really did love this person, even though I know he hurt me and cheated on me.” “I know that whenever I do decide I’m ready to start another relationship, I will be confident that I can carry myself out to be a good partner,” she added. “Now, I can explore my sexuality further and I’ve stayed firm on cutting contact with him.”