In Joe Burrow’s and the Bengals’ mind, play was never going to resume Monday night once Bills safety Damar Hamlin collapsed on the field after suffering cardiac arrest. “Nobody wanted to continue to play the game in a situation like that,” Burrow told reporters on Wednesday. “I know how everybody would be feeling in our locker room if it was one of our guys, and I know how we were feeling when it was one of their guys. So it was a scary, emotional night.” The NFL ended up suspending the game with the Bengals leading 7-3 in the first quarter and it will not be resumed this week. The 24-year-old Hamlin, who collapsed after a collision with Bengals receiver Tee Higgins, was resuscitated on the field and transported to the University of Cincinnati Medical Center, where he is in critical condition in the ICU as of Wednesday night. According to Jordon Rooney, Hamlin’s marketing representative and friend, doctors saw encouraging signs overnight with the Bills star. All of it has reinforced the risk players take each time they step on the field. “I think collectively, every single person that plays the game of football and has played has thought about something like that happening, and at the same time that you’re thinking that, [you’re] thinking it would never happen to you or to anybody that you know, Burrow said. “I think it was a big wake-up call for everybody.” The Bengals, who are currently seeded third and a game behind the Bills and Chiefs in the AFC, have to regroup and play the Ravens on Sunday with their playoff positioning in the balance. The Bills take on the Patriots. Burrow is trying to keep his team as focused as possible under the emotional circumstances. He noted there were “side discussions” amongst the team whether they should play against Baltimore. “As unfortunate as it is, we’ve got a game to play on Sunday,” Burrow said. “As unusual as this week has been, it’s business as usual from a football standpoint, unfortunately. I don’t even really know what to say about it because it’s such a scary, emotional time and guys still have a football game on Sunday.” Bills safety Damar Hamlin went into cardiac arrest during “Monday Night Football” against the Bengals. Follow the New York Post’s live coverage for the latest news and updates on his condition. Then there is the matter of potentially resuming the game against the Bills if it still has implications on the playoff seeding. Both teams appeared very emotional on the field on Monday. Burrow, who also acknowledged the logistical challenges, said the Bengals would defer to their counterpart on how to proceed. “I think that would be tough just scheduling-wise.” he said. “I think whatever Buffalo would want to do would be what we would want to do as well. We’re behind them 100 percent and support them in whatever they would decide to do going forward.”