Jeremy Renner is on a path of healing. Following his horrific snowplow accident on Jan. 1, the 52-year-old has been recuperating and is on his way to bouncing back. The “Hawkeye” actor will undergo “a long road to recovery,” a source recently revealed to People. “Jeremy is making positive progress,” the insider divulged. “He is overwhelmed by the showing of love and support.” Renner was airlifted to a hospital after the incident near his Reno, Nevada home on New Year’s Day. He had run over his own leg with a Kässbohrer PistenBully snowplow and lost a large amount of blood at the time. According to a statement from his rep, the Marvel star endured “blunt chest trauma and orthopedic injuries” and had surgery the next day. Once Renner was out of surgery on Jan. 2, he shared a selfie from his hospital bed and thanked his fans for their support. “Thank you all for your kind words. I’m too messed up now to type. But I send love to you all,” he wrote in the caption. His sister, Kym Renner, also spoke to People on Jan. 10 and gave an update on his condition. “We are so thrilled with his progress,” she said. “If anyone knows Jeremy, he is a fighter and doesn’t mess around.” “He is crushing all the progress goals. We couldn’t feel more positive about the road ahead,” Kym added. The two-time Oscar nominee was helping a stranded motorist when the incident occurred, the mayor of Reno revealed last week. “He was helping someone stranded in the snow,” Mayor Hillary Schieve told the Reno-Gazette Journal. “He is always helping others.” Many of Renner’s fans and friends sent well-wishes to him since the accident, sharing their love for him on social media. Hailee Steinfeld posted on her Instagram Story on Jan. 4, writing: “Come on partner!!! Thank God you’re healing. We are sending you love and prayers for a speedy recovery.” Evangeline Lilly chimed in: “Jeremy has always been one of the most grounded and real people I ever met in Hollywood. “From the first time we worked together on #TheHurtLocker I recognized his full-hearted, blue-collar goodness. A beautiful man who I adore.” “I send you my most honest well-wishes, Jeremy. You are so strong,” she continued. “I pray a quick and comforted recovery. . I know you are surrounded by love and support right now. Sending you mine. xx EL”