Tommy Paul celebrated a career milestone on Wednesday with his most loyal supporter. Shortly after defeating fellow American Ben Shelton to reach the semifinals of this year’s Australian Open, the 25-year-old Paul shared a sweet embrace with his girlfriend, influencer Paige Lorenze, as captured on camera. In the footage, Paul — who has been linked to Lorenze, also 25, since October, per reports — can be seen hugging his lady love in a backstage area, where he was also joined by his mom and Shelton, 20. Paul, currently ranked No. 35 in the world, will next face Novak Djokovic on Friday in the semifinals. And when the New Jersey native does take the court to face Djokovic, a 21-time Grand Slam champion, Lorenze will likely be cheering him on nearby. The founder of Dairy Boy, a brand of apparel and accessories made for someone “who shamelessly enjoys life’s simple pleasures and embraces what makes them happy,” Lorenze is a social media sensation who boasts nearly 600,000 followers between her Instagram and TikTok accounts. In recent weeks, Lorenze has given fans a glimpse at her Australian Open experience, chronicling her days at the beach in Melbourne, as well as cozy dinner dates. Recently, Lorenze posted a TikTok video of herself out and about as Paul sat on a bench nearby, unaware that the cameras were rolling. “Tommy didn’t know I was making a video,” Lorenze captioned the clip, which featured the couples kissing in the video’s final moments. Although this week has been momentous for Paul, it’s also been memorable for Lorenze, as she celebrated her birthday Thursday. “Happy birthday to the birthday bean,” Paul gushed on Instagram in a sweet tribute. “Just some of my favorites with you.” Lorenze then responded, “I love you so much!!!!” Prior to her romance with Paul, Lorenze dated “Bachelorette” alum Tyler Cameron and country singer Morgan Wallen. She was once linked to embattled actor Armie Hammer, previously accusing “The Social Network” actor of abuse, which he denied.