Mo’ money, mo’ problems? A TikToker from Singapore has responded to trolls who shamed her for saying that her $80 bag is “luxury” — and is getting the last laugh now that the brand offered to take her out to lunch. Zoe Gabriel, 17, shared a viral clip of herself earlier this week gushing over a Charles & Keith purse she received from her dad. “My first luxury bag,” she wrote on the video, which has since scored over 8 million views. Users made their feelings known and mocked Gabriel for referring to the minimalistic black bag as luxury. Singaporean brand Charles & Keith calls itself a “fast fashion luxury goods company.” And while many negative comments seemed to have been deleted, other commenters came to her defense and instructed her not to waste time on the Internet haters. Gabriel then posted a new video and replied to one comment that said, “Who’s gonna tell her?” In the snap, she discussed why she used the term “luxury” to describe her new fashion accessory. “I am so happy and grateful for you, that you can consider Charles and Keith not a luxury. also btw if you google it, lots of sources do classify them as a luxury brand,” she captioned her explanation video response. “Growing up, I did not have a lot. My family didn’t have a lot,” she said. “We couldn’t buy things as simple as bread.” She then began to sob and wept: “Your comment spoke volumes on how ignorant you seem because of your wealth. To you, an $80 bag may not be a luxury.” “For me and my family, it is a lot, and I’m so grateful that my dad was able to get me one. He worked so hard for that money,” the social media influencer continued. “I can’t believe I got hate over a bag that I was so excited to have,” she sighed. Her clap back post garnered over 2 million views so far, and even garnered the attention of Charles & Keith, which connected with Gabriel. The brand told Marketing Interactive that Gabriel and her father are invited to a lunch with the company founders and tour the headquarters. The Post has reached out to Charles & Keith for comment. Gabriel also received love and support from fans, who further defended her. “U do not deserve any of the hate, it’s ridiculous. I’m so happy for you with your new bag,” someone penned in the comments section. “Having that bag right now as a gift at your age is definitely a luxury! Go girl! ” another person applauded. “Hey gurl, you don’t owe anyone an explanation,” chimed in another. “Let them stay pressed. You’re gorgeous and the bag is gorgeous.” While it’s unclear if Gabriel was working with the brand, a Charles & Keith spokesperson told Marketing Interactive that “A community that shows kindness and compassion is exactly what the world needs today and what the brand stands for,” the rep told the outlet. “Our heart really went out to Zoe when we saw the videos and comments – there is no place for bullying, be it online or offline – but we were so impressed with the grace and humility in how she handled the situation, displaying wisdom far beyond her years and values that resonated with us greatly. Her parents deserve much credit and must be proud to have raised such a grounded, resilient young woman.”