Daniel Jones is aware of the praise heaped upon him by Giants ownership, and the one-time Duke student is smart enough to know what that will mean for his bottom line. It may indeed turn out that the Giants’ refusal to pick up Jones’ $22.3 million fifth-year option before this season becomes a financial positive for him. If that is on his mind at all before the Giants’ divisional-round game against the Eagles on Saturday, though, Jones did not show it one bit. “I certainly appreciate the support,” Jones said Tuesday. “Like I said, we’re focused on what we gotta do this week. What’s ahead of us now. That’s all that matters for any of us is what you do next week and the next opportunity, so that’s what I’m focused on.” That was the theme of the day for Jones, who refused to lean into any of the narratives surrounding him after a career-defining performance to lead the Giants past the Vikings for the franchise’s biggest victory in over a decade. In the locker room afterward, Jones drew praise from John and Chris Mara, as well as Steve Tisch, confirming what everyone already knew: the Giants have their quarterback. “It was a while ago I think,” John Mara told The Post’s Steve Serby, asked when that became clear to him. “He just keeps getting better and better every week.” Jones, though, is uninterested in talking about how he proved the doubters wrong, how the Giants are 120 minutes from the Super Bowl or how the football world has gained respect for him. “You hear some of it for sure, notice some of it,” he said. “So that’s part of it. I can’t control how people respond positively or negatively. Just control how I play and that’s my focus.” Regarding Philadelphia’s defensive front, which sacked Jones seven times in the first meeting between the teams and includes a quintet of stars in Haason Reddick, Javon Hargrave, Josh Sweat, Brandon Graham and Fletcher Cox, Giants coach Brian Daboll knows his offense’s hands will be full. “They’re a challenge to block,” Daboll said. “On the perimeter, they’re a challenge for the tackles and inside they’re a challenge. That’s where like I talked about before, the offensive line, the defensive line, that’s usually where the game starts. They’re pretty much All-Pro or Pro Bowl at every spot.” The Giants held a walk-through Tuesday as opposed to a full practice, but Daboll said no one would have been held out completely had they practiced. He said cornerback Jason Pinnock (abdomen) has “turned a corner pretty quick” after going to a Minneapolis hospital during Sunday’s game. Azeez Ojulari, who left the Vikings game with a quad issue, is considered limited.