As we’re pretty set into winter of 2023, you’ll likely find your in-office days growing more abundant (even though we all love working-from-home in our coziest pajamas and blankets). That said, you need to go full-send into shopping for those weekly essentials that actually keep you warm. I’m talking plush-soft coats, comfortable and weather-resistant shoes, the most bundled-up scarves, hats and earmuffs and random necessities — including work totes — you’ll want to take with you on each commute. To ensure you’re prepared during your commute, I put together a mini edit of all of the items — fashion or not — that are consistent in my rotation. I’ve had some hits and misses along the way, so consider this the ultimate hidden treasures I’ll recommend to, quite literally, everyone I meet. After the cold weather product picks, find a brief list of other essentials you should take with you to make your commute a bit more bearable. Click to jump to a specific category: As one of the coats I’ve been wearing for years, this is always the one I resort to in extremely frigid temps. The LOFT Two Button Coat used to come in a striped option, though its classic black is one you won’t have to worry about being cold when worn. Meet one of the most lightweight yet comfortable and cozy coats: the VIA SPIGA Faux Fur Wool Coat. Not only does it have a dressier vibe that’s perfect for commuting to a corporate office but its unrestrictive collar flap detailing and bow-tie design is one I consistently reach for. This edit would be incomplete without a mention of the Abercrombie Wool-Blend Dad Coat. Its straight silhouette instantly makes you look sleek and its neutral tone matches with just about anything. Not only is the Lulus Winter Winds Shearling Jacket stylish and extra-plush but I met one of my friends for dinner and she was wearing the same one (which says a lot about its alluring design). Just shy of $100, it’s a cold weather staple. If you prefer a down coat, there’s nothing quite like the Triple F.A.T. Goose Moselle Puffer Parka. Though it’s a pretty penny, it’ll keep you warm without being bulky. Plus, it falls at that desired mid-length and includes an ultra-warm hood to keep you nice and toasty. I never cared about scarves as much until I started using ones from Echo New York. Specifically, its Plush Boucle Scarf is the warmest one in my collection, comes in an array of wonderful colors and is on a great sale right now. When commuting, gloves can be a pain (from wanting to text to being a bit bulky). Luckily, J.Crew’s Ribbed Touch-Screen Gloves are like cashmere; they’re supper soft yet lightweight, and even have touch-screen tips so you can check Instagram on your bus and train. Treat yourself to a plush, long scarf with Petal & Pup’s Garter Scarf. Just over $20, you won’t be disappointed with its blanket-like style. Plus, it’s a fashion statement in and of itself. The Kate Spade New York Cuff Pop Top Gloves are uniquely designed, undeniably adorable and extremely versatile. Its cuff-top style allows your fingers to be free, while it’s glam bow detailing adds a touch of femininity to your winter style. On days when it’s not raining or snowing, I’ll always find myself wearing the SHEIN Faux Pearl Decor Fluffy Earmuffs. Trendiness aside, they actually stay put on your head and have oversized ‘fluff’ to keep your ears as warm as could be. You can’t go wrong with a pom-pom hat (in fact, you should wear one if it’s cold), and The North Face’s Oh Mega Fur Pom Beanie is one of the best. Its border can be un-flapped, so to speak, so more of your head is warm. And, we can’t forget about the adorable pom detail. Invest in a cashmere sweater staple to wear to the office. M.M.LaFleur’s Cashmere Arbus Sweater is so lightweight yet so warm, and the brand offers a multitude of match-all hues to shop for. Plus, its turtleneck accent instantly makes you look more polished and sophisticated. OK, one word of advice: immediately run to these pants. They’re the softest pants I own (and that’s saying a lot, as I practically live in loungewear) and its wool-like fabric feels just like pajamas. I especially love the tailored look that I always pair with the brand’s Long-Sleeve Cotton Seamless Fabric Crew Bodysuit ($50) — in pink, of course, though you’ll want to grab every shade. SHEIN’s premium brand MOTF is show-stopping and elegant, as is the case with its Premium Relaxed Fit Mock Neck Sweater. In this striking green, I couldn’t believe it’s less than $50 and incredibly soft. Ever since high school, Francesca’s has been my tried-and-true destination for all things sweaters. Its Shane Ribbed Confetti Sweater has been worn probably more than 100 times this season and it’s one of the most versatile pieces in my closet (and, a brand best-seller!) If you’re looking for that pair of jeans that you’ll wear on repeat, consider the Pistola Audrey Mid Rise Skinny. They work well for the office and for after-work drinks alike and they’re some of the most comfortable and flattering in my wardrobe. The Abercrombie Margaux Leather Western Ankle Boots may not evoke ‘comfortable commuter shoe,’ but they absolutely are. I wear them 90% of the time and they’re just as comfortable as your go-to tennis shoe. Simply put, I recommend them to everyone. For a trusty pair of rain boots, the L.L.Bean Original Bean Boot is simply everything. Its durably made sole and weather-resistant material make them perfect for splashing (more so, avoiding) puddles, and they have that preppy edge that makes them a cult classic. Talk about stylish. In extreme weather (especially slow), the Bernardo 1946 Summit Boot never lets me down. Its lace-up structure keeps my feet nice and secure and, most importantly, it has a comfortable block heel that’s perfect for unpredictable temps. I’ve never been much of a backpack girl — until I met Dagne Dover. The material is just something you’ll have to try for yourself and I love how it comes in a variety of sizes and shades to fit your aesthetic. Plus, it’s quite spacious. The tote that has exceeded all of my expectations is the Lux and Nyx Origami Large Laptop Tote. It’s a brand more people need to be aware of, namely for its larger-than-average capacity, thoughtful interior zippered pockets and a comfortable strap that’s easy to carry. If you bring lunch from home, you 100% need the W&P Porter Lunch Box. It never spills, leaks or disappoints and is truly the perfect size. Not to mention, the brand offers the most practical Portable Dressing Containers ($12) that takes transporting salads to a whole new level. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.