Dubbed the “high-heeled hijacker” by the FBI, a Texas woman has been arrested for her alleged role in a string of robberies and a kidnapping, federal authorities said. Lisa Marie Coleman, 58, earned her moniker from the fancy footwear she was wearing for at least one of the robberies. “It’s not very common, and so we felt that the High-Heeled Hijacker would be the perfect nickname,” Christina Garza of Houston’s FBI office told the Post. One person she stole from described the woman as nicely dressed but smelling “heavily of body odor,” according to Houston Police. Coleman’s crime spree started Nov. 15 when investigators said she approached Katie Otten, an employee at Galleria Houston, in the mall parking lot and demanded money, reported KTRK. The thief had her hand in her pocket, making Otten think Coleman was armed. “This is a robbery, I have a gun, and I want your cash,” Otten told the Houston station. “She forced her way into my vehicle and was like, ‘OK, take me to an ATM.'” The hijacker then forced the terrified woman to drive to multiple ATMs before making a final stop at a grocery store. “I told her I wasn’t going to leave Randalls [pharmacy and grocery] with her,” the victim recalled. “I told her, ‘You have the car keys, take the car, go and do whatever you want.'” Coleman took Otten’s phone, keys, and $160 and left. In the days before Christmas, Coleman was also behind robberies at a sandwich shop, a hotel and a bank, according to the cops. Each time she used a similar pattern — passing staffers a note ordering them to give her money and threatening violence, police said. Ultimately, Coleman was arrested on unrelated charges, but a tip linked her to the robberies, the feds confirmed. She has since been charged with kidnapping and three counts of robbery by threat. Meanwhile, federal agents in Houston are looking for the “Pocket Pillager” — a different bank bandit who’s been nicknamed because the strategy works so well. “We learned very quickly it’s a smart tactic to give them names because the public latches on to them,” said the FBI spokeswoman. “Some individuals, when we confront them, have literally said, ‘Yes, I am whatever nickname’ we’ve given them,” Garza added.