For a while, it looked like this Week 18 matchup between the Jets and Dolphins could be a win-and-in playoff game for the two teams. But both teams are enduring five-game losing streaks. The Jets are already eliminated, and the Dolphins need to beat the Jets and have the Patriots lose to the Bills to make it. The Jets can spoil Miami’s playoff hopes. “One thing I love about this league is that when those players put those helmets on, they’re professionals — they get it,” Jets coach Robert Saleh said. “The idea that players tank, they don’t show up, they don’t play hard, I don’t believe in it because these guys are putting tape out there for 31 other teams to see, for fans to see, for everyone to see. There’s a lot of pride in players, there’s a lot of pride in coaches to go out there, and regardless of your record, to go out there and do your absolute best. So, I’m not worried about our guys getting up for this game and trying to play spoiler.” Saleh and Dolphins coach Mike McDaniel are good friends, and coached together in Houston and San Francisco. Saleh joked that he would love to knock McDaniel from playoff contention. “Would it be nice to have McDaniel hanging out with me poolside in a couple weeks? You’re damn right it would,” Saleh said, “but really, it’s more about us and making sure that we’re focused on finishing the season strong and being our absolute best, and whatever happens, happens.” Saleh was asked if he ever thinks about how the season could have gone differently if rookie RB Breece Hall had not torn the ACL in his left knee in October. Saleh brought up losing OL Alijah Vera-Tucker for the season on the same day as Hall. “Breece, AVT, they’re two of our best players,” Saleh said. “You look around the league. When you lose players of that caliber, there’s going to be a hiccup or a hitch in your giddy-up, whatever you want to call it. They’re explosive. “It’s a superstar league, and when you lose superstars like that, it’s going to hurt a little bit.” DT Sheldon Rankins was named the winner of the Jets’ media good guy award, which is voted on by reporters who regularly cover the team. Saleh on rookie DE Jermaine Johnson: “I know he doesn’t get much fanfare, but that son of a gun’s going to be good, really good.” The Jets did not practice fully Wednesday, conducting a walk-through. They estimated the following players would not have practiced if they had one: OT Duane Brown (shoulder), G Laurent Duvernay-Tardif (knee), CB Brandin Echols (quad), OT George Fant (knee) and S Lamarcus Joyner (hip). The following players would have been limited: G Nate Herbig (calf) and S Jordan Whitehead (hamstring).