Greenpeace accused the billionaires attending this week’s World Economic Forum in Davos of “ecological hypocrisy” for hyping their fight against climate change even as they arrive in carbon-spewing private jets. “Europe is experiencing the warmest January days ever recorded and communities around the world are grappling with extreme weather events supercharged by the climate crisis,” Greenpeace official Klara Maria Schenk said in a statement. “Meanwhile, the rich and powerful flock to Davos in ultra-polluting, socially inequitable private jets to discuss climate and inequality behind closed doors,” Schenk added. A Greenpeace-commissioned study of last year’s private jet trips to the annual summit in the Swiss ski town found carbon emissions equivalent to “about 350,000 average cars.” Private planes accounted for 1,040 trips to airports near Davos, or one out of every two flights to the summit, the study revealed. The study determined that 53% of the private jet trips were short-haul flights below roughly 470 miles that “could have easily been train trips.” Additionally, 38% of the analyzed flights were for “ultra-short distances” equaling 310 miles or less, with the shortest trip clocking in at approximately 13 miles. Record attendance is expected at this year’s event, which kicked off Monday and runs through Friday. Climate change was set to be a major topic of discussion. “This annual private jet bonanza is a distasteful masterclass in hypocrisy,” Schenk said on Friday. Greenpeace noted the billionaires’ preference for private travel were at odds with the World Economic Forum’s commitment to the 1.5°C Paris Climate Target – described on the organization’s website as a necessary limit to avert a “catastrophe” related to global warming. The Post has reached out to the WEF for comment on Greenpeace’s claims. Each year, business and political leaders flock to the ultra-exclusive members-only event in the Swiss mountains to rub shoulders, make connections and discuss global issues. Notable attendees at this year’s Davos summit include business luminaries such as Goldman Sachs CEO David Solomon, JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon and BlackRock CEO Larry Fink. Dozens of heads of state are also slated to make appearances. Fink addressed the mounting backlash over corporate American’s embrace of so-called Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) standards, which have rankled right-leaning politicians wary of businesses wading into policy matters. “Let’s be clear, the narrative is ugly, the narrative is creating this huge polarization,” Fink said at Davos, according to Bloomberg.