Being a cat lady can pay off… literally. Taylor Swift’s beloved glamourpuss, a Scottish fold named Olivia Benson, is the third-richest pet in the world, according to a new report from All About Cats. The fat cat has clawed together a pawsitively impressive estimated net worth of $97 million. Feline fine at No. 2, with an estimated $100 million, is social media influencer @Nala_cat, a Siamese and tabby mix. German Shepherd Gunther VI, owned by the Italian media company Gunther Corporation, nabbed the prize for richest pet in the world with a jaw-dropping $500 million. The list was made using Instagram analytics and the pet’s potential payday per social media post. In 2020, Swift posted a pic of Olivia sprawled out on a couch, which garnered more than 2 million likes on her Instagram page. The Post reached out to Swift’s rep for comment. The “Midnights” album star has not been shy about showing just how much she loves her cat, who is named after actress Mariska Hargitay’s popular “Law & Order: Special Victims Unit” character. Her fluffy feline has appeared in her “Blank Space” and “Me!” music videos, as well as in various commercials, including one for Diet Coke in 2014. “Before I got the second cat, I was kind of canvassing everyone I knew, saying, ‘Is cats, cat lady?'” Swift said during a 2014 interview on “Live With Kelly and Michael” in which she emphasized the plural of “cat.” “Two cats is cats, and there’s more than one. And they’re like, ‘No, three cats is a cat lady, two cats is a party.'” Coming in behind Benson on the richest pet list were Oprah Winfrey‘s dogs Sadie, Sunny, Lauren, Layla and Luke at $30 million; Pomeranian Jiffpom at $25 million; the late Karl Lagerfeld’s cat. Choupette, at $13 million; and the late actress Betty White’s dog, Pontiac, at $5 million. Tied at $1.5 million each were Instagram-famous dogs Doug The Pug, Tucker and Marutaro. Swift owns another cat, Benjamin Button, named for Brad Pitt’s character in the 2008 movie, “The Curious Case of Benjamin Button.” Button is a ragdoll cat. He didn’t make the cut.