Lisa Marie Presley was reportedly taking opioids and lost a large amount of weight two months prior to her death, according to a new report. Sources told TMZ on Monday that she was also on a strict diet regimen, underwent the knife to get plastic surgery and took weight-loss pills to help feel her best during awards season. An insider told TMZ that the singer dropped 40 to 50 pounds in the six weeks before the Golden Globes on Jan. 10, where she appeared frail and gaunt. The Post reached out to Presley’s reps for comment. Presley died on Jan. 12 at the age of 54 due to cardiac arrest. She was in attendance at the Globes to celebrate the film about her father’s life, “Elvis,” and did her last interview on the red carpet with Billy Bush. Bush, 51, recalled talking to Presley at the ceremony after her passing. “She was very uneven in her balance,” he told Fox LA on Jan 14. “The speech was very slow. And, definitely, when the interview was over, I turned to my producer next to me and said, ‘Something’s off here.’ ” “She was cognizant. She was certainly with it, just a second slow. But she was there. She was definitely there, but just a tad off in some way,” Bush added. Presley’s mother Priscilla, 77, recently contested “the authenticity and validity” of her daughter’s will. According to court documents seen by The Post on Jan. 27, Priscilla filed in Los Angeles Superior Court to challenge an amendment made in 2016 that ousted her as a trustee. Priscilla also asked a judge to declare the allegedly fraudulent amendment invalid and noted reasons why it could be deemed as fake. The documents state that Presley executed a revocable living trust on Jan. 29, 1993, which she then amended and completely restated on Jan. 27, 2010. Priscilla claims that is when Presley legally named her — as well as the “To Whom It May Concern” crooner’s former business manager, Barry Siegel — as trustees. Presley was laid to rest at her family’s home at Graceland in Memphis, Tennessee, on Jan. 22. Mourners paid their respects to her, and she was then buried on the mansion’s grounds next to her father, Elvis Presley, and son, Benjamin Keough, who died by suicide in 2020.