‘Gaslighting’ was named the Merriam-Webster 2022 word of the year in the ‘age of misinformation’ and the following three zodiac signs may partially be the reason why. Manipulative behavior, according to “The Masks of Manipulation” is defined as, “a type of social influence that aims to change the behavior or perception of others through abusive, deceptive, or underhanded tactics. By advancing the interests of the manipulator, often at another’s expense, such methods could be considered exploitative, abusive, devious, and deceptive.” Furthermore, gaslighting in particular, goes a step further, and is the act of “psychological manipulation of a person usually over an extended period of time that causes the victim to question the validity of their own thoughts, perception of reality, or memories and typically leads to confusion, loss of confidence and self-esteem, uncertainty of one’s emotional or mental stability, and a dependency on the perpetrator.” I define manipulation as how you engage with the weakness of others. Just as we’re all born with beating hearts and birth charts, so too are we born with the capacity to emotionally blackmail, psychologically manipulate, gaslight and otherwise do villainous, reptillian s**t to our fellow man. As such, all zodiac signs are capable of manipulative behavior but a few archetypes really lend themselves to getting one over and staying one step ahead. Read on to see if your star sign gets top honors for most manipulative in the zodiac. When you always know the score, it’s easy to play the game. This is the modality of Libra whose manipulation goes down sweet and easy with two gluggs of charm and a side car of placation. Libras are adept at measuring need and expectation in every interaction and their signature move is giving people just enough to keep them on the hook and never enough to make them feel safe. They leverage their social skills to stay invited and routinely contrort themselves to fit the needs and climate of their target. Even when Libra appears to be acting in the interest of another person there is always, always something in it for them. Add to this that Libra is so f**king likable that they get away with it and as such convince themselves that those charm drunk suckers want to be manipulated and sometimes they’re right and those in question are even willing to pay for the privilege. Case in point uber Libra Kim Kardashian whose ability to shape shift, mirror, manipulate and monetize is second to none. Scorpio came to win and will survive at all costs. They also control the weather and sometimes the minds of others without being wholly conscious of their own power. When you can see the future and have a 70/30 success rate of predicting the moves and motives of others its easy to stay a step ahead and leg up. The most self-possessed and practiced among the scorpion contingent make for master manipulators that can summon others and/or a fleet of creatures of the night to do their bidding using mind control, eye twitching and lip licking. Never as subtle as they think they are, their bold face manipulation is no less successful. Examples of master Scorpio manipulators include Charles Manson and Kris Jenner, same same but different. They ain’t represented by the Devil tarot card for nothing, folks. Manipulation is sport to the sea goat who is naturally adept at identifying the weaknesses in others and exploiting them for capital gains. Capricorns at their worst best view people as chess pieces and vulnerability as opportunity. It’s dark, it smells like vinegar and it sounds like Scrooge McDuck diving beak first into a pile of coins. Great at gaslighting and well versed in better dealing themselves into the lives they want, Caps will often frame their manipulation as an earnest attempt to help others reach their potential but rest assured, they came to win and they will climb over corpses and good intentions to make it to the proverbial top. Evidence of Capricorn manipulation at its most pronounced can be found in sea goat Bradley Cooper’s cunning orchestration of his Oscar duet with Lady Gaga. Cooper is a power punch of manipulative prowess as his sun in Capricorn is supported by his moon in Libra. Watch out for that guy. Astrology 101: Your guide to the stars Astrologer Reda Wigle researches and irreverently reports back on planetary configurations and their effect on each zodiac sign. Her horoscopes integrate history, poetry, pop culture and personal experience. She is also an accomplished writer who has profiled a variety of artists and performers, as well as extensively chronicled her experiences while traveling. Among the many intriguing topics she has tackled are cemetery etiquette, her love for dive bars, Cuban Airbnbs, a “girls guide” to strip clubs and the “weirdest” foods available abroad.