Carlos Correa opted for the Land of 10,000 Lakes over Flushing Bay, leaving the Mets’ lineup without a big winter splash. But general manager Billy Eppler doesn’t necessarily share his boss’ view that another hitter was needed this offseason. The All-Star shortstop signed with the Twins last week, after the Mets significantly reduced the guaranteed portion of their offer to Correa because of concerns stemming from a right ankle injury he sustained in the minor leagues. On a Zoom call Tuesday with reporters, Eppler wouldn’t directly address Correa or the fizzled negotiations, but indicated he’s satisfied with the lineup. Team owner Steve Cohen had previously told The Post — upon reaching the initial agreement with Correa, pending a physical — that the Mets needed “one more hitter” after addressing the starting rotation and bullpen. “I think we have a strong and deep lineup and I am confident in our group’s ability to score runs, but … you can always be better,” Eppler said. “You have to look for opportunities out there and sometimes certain markets are a little bit quieter at certain times of the year, but you are always looking to get better. I do think we have a strong lineup as currently configured, but we can always be better.” The lineup will return Pete Alonso, Francisco Lindor, Brandon Nimmo, Jeff McNeil and Starling Marte, among others, giving the Mets the same nucleus as last season when they won 101 games and finished fifth in MLB in scoring, but didn’t advance beyond the wild-card round of the playoffs. Correa would have shifted to third base with the Mets, but incumbent Eduardo Escobar will now return to the position, unless rookie Brett Baty wows Eppler and manager Buck Showalter during spring training. Escobar struggled for much of last season, but rebounded with a torrid September. Baty made his major league debut on Aug. 17 and played 11 games before tearing the UCL in his right thumb and undergoing season-ending surgery. “These will be conversations that Buck and I will have with the staff as camp goes on,” Eppler said. “I will remind people that Escobar had a really strong year and Brett’s call-up was more out of necessity. Luis Guillorme had the injury in August and we were looking for a left-handed bat to complement at that moment in time. I don’t want to forecast what will come at the end of March. That is why we’re going to go down to Port St. Lucie and we’re going to see what we see. But we feel really good about Eduardo Escobar.” Eppler indicated he’s still interested in adding an outfielder this offseason. Free agents available include Adam Duvall, Jurickson Profar and Tommy Pham. Last winter, Eppler signed Marte, Escobar and Mark Canha with an emphasis on contact and on-base percentage over home runs. Eppler said he remains comfortable with that philosophy, especially given the ban on shifts beginning this season, which he expects will reward teams that put the ball in play the most. Eppler also wants a lineup that can prosper in traditionally pitcher-friendly Citi Field. “I want a lineup that can beat people in a number of different ways,” Eppler said. “One thing is a given: We are going to play 81 games in [Citi Field,] and having guys that can do and execute an offensive strategy if Buck wants to execute or implement a particular strategy on any given night or against any kind of particular pitcher, having hitters that can do that, I think that provides value. “I like power. I like contact. I like on-base. I am kind of greedy, I like it all, but I want to be able to beat anybody in any particular way. I think that fits our scheme and our ballpark, so I think there’s reasons we should feel good about our offense, where it’s going to rank, but the components are there to have a successful offensive season.”