Thanks a latte. A TikToker claims she mistook a woman for a fluffy dog while taking an order at the Starbucks drive-thru. Libby Owens, who goes by the username @mydadcallsmebilly on the social media platform, is getting roasted for her viral reveal. The five-second clip’s grande premiere Tuesday has driven over 775,000 views. In the video, she films herself with her mouth agape, holding back a laugh, as she shares the so-called “dog” was just a woman wearing a fur coat. “When I said, ‘Awwww do you want a puppuccino’ to a guy in the drive thru with a fluffy dog in the passenger seat, and he said, ‘That’s not a dog, that’s my girlfriend…’ and she was wearing a fur coat,” Owens noted in the text. The Post reached out to Owens for comment. At Starbucks, a “puppuccino” is a small cup of whipped cream. Owens is not alone in her fido fallacy, as her comments section was flooded with similar tail tales. “One time I saw movement in the back seat and said, ‘Aw is that a dog?!” someone confessed. “And the person driving was like, ‘No that’s my child.” Another divulged, “When I told a customer he had a cute dog and it was his CHILD crawling around in a brown jacket…” “I asked a lady if she wanted a pup cup for her dog,,, it was a baby….” one user admitted. Another seconded, “I literally did this but it was a purse .” One person even shared they were mistaken for Rover once in a role-reversal, claiming it “haunts” them “every single day.” “This happened to me once, I was just wearing sweats, it does haunt me every single day that I live that I was mistaken for a dog,” they howled. In other Starbucks news, one barista recently revealed that she accidentally made only decaf coffees during her three-month stint at the popular chain. “When I worked at Starbucks and accidentally made every drink decaf instead of blonde roast for 3 months because I got the buttons confused,” the TikToker noted at the time. A worker in Miami, meanwhile, reported being threatened with a gun for forgetting to put cream cheese on someone’s bagel.