North Korean accused the U.S. of ramping up a “proxy war” to destroy Russia by providing Ukraine with an arsenal of tanks to combat Moscow’s forces. Kim Yo Jong, the powerful sibling of North Korean leader Kim Jong Un, said Washington crossed a “red line” by agreeing to ship the tanks off to Ukraine. In her first public statement in months, she also expressed the Hermit Kingdom’s strong support of Russia. “I express serious concern over the U.S. escalating the war situation by providing Ukraine with military hardware for ground offensive,” said Kim Yo Jung, who’s official title is vice-department director of the Central Committee of the Workers Party of Korea. “The U.S. is the arch criminal which poses serious threat and challenge to the strategic security of Russia and pushes the regional situation to the present grave phase,” she added. Kim’s statement came after the U.S. said it would send 31 M1 Abrams tanks to Ukraine, following months of indecision on the issue. That announcement followed Germany’s decision to send 14 Leopard 2 A6 tanks to Ukraine. Kyiv’s ambassador to France, Vadym Omelchenko, said that the total number of foreign tanks headed to the country stood at 321, in an interview Friday with French TV station BFM television. Kim predicted that all tanks and military aid sent to Ukraine would be destroyed. “I do not doubt that any military hardware the US and the West boast of will be burnt into pieces in the face of the indomitable fighting spirit and might of the heroic Russian army and people,” Kim said. North Korea is the only country other than Russia and Syria to recognize the independence of Russian-backed separatist regions in eastern Ukraine, Donetsk and Luhansk. On Friday, Kim suggested plans to send workers to the regions to help with recovery efforts. The U.S. has accused North Korea of sending ammunition and artillery to Russia in the past, but North Korea has denied that claim. Meanwhile, North Korea has continued speeding up its weapons development, test-launching over 70 missiles last year alone, Al Jazeera reported.