A strong finish could have given Mike White a chance to make his case to be the Jets’ starting quarterback next season. Instead, five broken ribs have left him with more uncertainty, other than a plan to drink more milk. White will sit out the season finale Sunday at Miami because of the rib injury he sustained last month, robbing him of a final shot to make his case for 2023 as he heads into free agency. “It is tough, but such is life,” White said Friday. “It won’t be the first time and it’s not going to be the last time that adversity will hit. But I’m really proud of what I’ve put on film and what I was able to do with my opportunity. Wouldn’t change much. I tried to give it a go and whatever happened, happened.” The Jets could be in the market to add a veteran quarterback this offseason, with Derek Carr and Jimmy Garoppolo among the players who could be available. But the 27-year-old White, who started four games this season and three last year, said he believes he has shown enough to earn a shot to win the starting job next season. “I do have an immense amount of confidence in myself and I do view myself as a starter in this league,” White said. “Now whether that happens here or not, we’ll wait and see. That’s not up to me. But I am proud of what I put on film and I thought I did a lot of good things. Was I perfect by any means? No.” White took over for the struggling Zach Wilson in Week 12 and instantly galvanized the offense in a 315-yard, three-touchdown performance in a win over the Bears. He threw for 369 yards the following week against the Vikings, but the Jets went 1-for-6 in the red zone and fell short in a loss. Then, White got crushed against the Bills and sustained the broken ribs — which were not discovered until later, including one rib that doctors thought was an old injury — though he returned in the fourth quarter of that game in an attempt to lead the Jets to a comeback. After missing two games, White returned last weekend against the Seahawks but aggravated the rib injury as the Jets’ playoff hopes were officially extinguished. Now, White just needs rest to heal his broken ribs, but he will do so entering unrestricted free agency with his Jets future up in the air. “I love it here,” he said. “I love the guys, I love the staff, I love the offense. Shoot, my kids have basically been growing up and raised in Florham Park. So I really like it here. Now whatever happens, happens. But I know I do enjoy it here and I enjoy playing with these guys in this locker room and I would love to be back.”