No matter what side of the Force you’re on we couldn’t hide this epic list of “Star Wars” LEGO sets. If you’re a fan of the this epic franchise then you probably already own a LEGO set or two but in case one or two picks slipped through the cracks — we’ve got your back. Whether you fell in love with Disney+’s “The Mandalorian” or grew up watching the first three movies from the 1970’s and ’80s, LEGO has a wide variety of options that are truly as endless as Han Solo’s love for Princess Leia. Whether you consider yourself a Jedi lover or First Order supporter, there’s an option for all types: skill level, age and budget. While this LEGO building kit of the Millennium Falcon is certainly worth a pretty penny, you won’t have any regrets once you combine all 7,541 LEGO pieces. Channel the focus of Jedi Master Yoda as you recreate an iconic Star Wars: The Empire Strikes Back scene with LEGO. This stunning new AT-AT™ LEGO set features movable, posable legs to recreate the famous scene from “Star Wars: The Empire Strikes Back.” “Star Wars” lovers and LEGO fans can help Mace Windu and his 187th Legion Clone Troopers in “Star Wars: The Clone Wars” defeat the Battle Droids with this Republic Fighter Tank. The Force is strong with this duo! Fans can relive dramatic “Star Wars: Obi-Wan Kenobi” scenes as they build LEGO® BrickHeadz™ versions of iconic characters Obi-Wan Kenobi and Darth Vader. Enjoy building your very own detailed, brick-built model of BD-1, the exploration droid from “Star Wars Jedi: Fallen Order.” Pay tribute to legendary bounty hunter The Mandalorian™ with this detailed buildable centerpiece that’s perfect to display in your home office! If you’re on the hunt for “hard to find” LEGO sets, consider your goal achieved. This Luke Skywalker Landspeeder will have you reliving your favorite “Star Wars” scenes for the very first time. Kids of all changes can recreate “Star Wars: The Mandalorian” Season 2 battle scenes and play out their own bounty-hunting missions with this cool LEGO brick version of Boba Fett’s Starship. Rewrite your own chapters in the “Star Wars: The Book of Boba Fett” saga with this detailed brick-built model. For more content, check out the New York Post Shopping section.