There is more to Veronika Rajek than her love for Tom Brady. The 26-year-old Slovakian model — who supported the Buccaneers quarterback in Tampa during a win over the Saints last month — got candid about OnlyFans, her partying lifestyle, and her strict upbringing in Slovakia. “No, [I don’t go back to visit Slovakia],” Rajek said on the “Pillow Talk” podcast Tuesday. “If I can be honest, I don’t like Slovakia because people are not so open-minded and OnlyFans in Slovakia is really something terrible. People don’t like it and they think everyone that is working at OnlyFans is a whore, bitch, and a gold digger and they don’t understand the marketing. I’m so sorry for that but it’s true. “This is why I love America because everything is free, you can be everything… In Slovakia, they are super strict… I always wear sexy clothes because I love it and they [the girls in Slovakia] think I’m f–king everybody, but it’s not true. It’s hard to f–k with me.” Rajek added that her parents and her 18-year-old sister all live in her native country in central Europe. “I have a younger sister, who’s 18 already,” she said. “Honestly, I haven’t seen her for almost three years… We are totally different. I am the beautiful one… She’s beautiful, but the first kids are always… I don’t go back and visit Slovakia much.” Rajek, who resides in Mexico, spends a lot of time in the United States, including Los Angeles and Miami, where she enjoys partying with friends. “[I will stay out until] 2 a.m.,” Rajek said, referring to nights out in Miami. “I’m good, I’m the responsible one. I’m the driver, always… When people ask me who I am, I think I am a super boring person because I don’t drink, I don’t do drugs, I don’t smoke. My friends always try to influence me but I’m like, ‘no’. I drink only when I’m super nervous. “… A lot of people are not funny [when they drink], they are more aggressive. I don’t like when people are aggressive after drinking… and they smell and pee everywhere in the street.” When asked what she looks for in a man, Rajek, who is 5-foot-11, said, “He needs to be tall. I don’t have a problem [with short guys], they are more funny than tall guys… I think a lot of guys are scared of me because I’m tall and they are scared to start conversation with me. “… I’m friendly, but they don’t give me a chance because they put me in some box… They don’t give me a chance to show them who I am.. [I like] brown hair. I don’t like tattoos.” Rajek added that she wants to live in the United States, but it is not easy to become a citizen. Rajek, who has 3.5 million followers on Instagram, garnered attention in the sports world when she declared her love for Brady in a post on Instagram. “I saw the LEGEND and if somebody asks me again if I love Brady, yes I love him, and show me somebody who doesn’t,” Rajek wrote, including photos of herself modeling Brady’s No. 12 Buccaneers jersey. Some fans in the comments accused Rajek of flirting with Brady after his divorce from supermodel Gisele Bündchen. Brady and Bündchen, 42, announced in late October they had finalized their divorce after 13 years of marriage. The former couple has two children together, daughter Vivian, 10, and 13-year-old son Benjamin. Brady also has a 15-year-old son Jack with his ex, actress Bridget Moynahan.