“Will and Grace” star Leslie Jordan died of sudden cardiac dysfunction and arteriosclerotic cardiovascular disease during his Oct. 24 car crash, the LA coroner confirmed Thursday to The Post. The beloved comedian, 67, crashed the BMW he was driving into the side of a building in Hollywood. He was pronounced dead at the scene. The coroner’s report revealed two of Jordan’s arteries were significantly blocked. Authorities said Jordan had recently started seeing a doctor for heart-related issues and taking medication. No drugs or alcohol were detected, according to the findings, which noted Jordan had been sober for 24 years. Sources told TMZ at the time that Jordan had complained of shortness of breath before booking an appointment with a cardiologist he was due to see the month he died. The Tennessee native, who arrived in LA by bus in 1982, had a long Hollywood career with memorable roles in “Hearts Afire,” “American Horror Story” and “The Cool Kids.” Jordan won the comedy guest actor Emmy Award in 2006 for playing Beverley Leslie, the bougie rival of Megan Mullally’s Karen Walker on NBC’s “Will and Grace.” Mullally was one of many co-stars to pay tribute to Jordan. “Leslie Jordan was, hands down, one of the greats. People use that expression a lot, and I’m not sure it’s always applicable. There aren’t that many people who are truly great at anything. But Leslie was flawlessly funny, a virtuoso of comedy. His timing, his delivery, all apparently effortless,” Mullally posted on Instagram. During the COVID-19 pandemic, Jordan found viral fame with his hilarious videos, which chronicled his fitness strategies, such as turning a backscratcher into a baton, and his attempts to buy a 300-piece puzzle he had not completed. “The world is definitely a much darker place today without the love and light of Leslie Jordan,” Jordan’s rep said in a statement to The Post shortly after his death. “Not only was he a mega talent and joy to work with, but he provided an emotional sanctuary to the nation at one of its most difficult times. What he lacked in height he made up for in generosity and greatness as a son, brother, artist, comedian, partner and human being. Knowing that he has left the world at the height of both his professional and personal life is the only solace one can have today.” Jordan was starring in Mayim Bialik’s “Call Me Kat” at the time of his death. Production of the Fox series was temporarily suspended, and an episode was dedicated in his honor.