Nice catch! An influencer mom has gone viral after posting a video of her delivering — and catching — her newborn child while sitting on a toilet after less than an hour of labor, all while her husband watched. Ariel and Michael Tyson posted a series of TikToks in late November, which have gained nearly 26 million views altogether, explaining the circumstances behind the strange birth. “Caught my 9 lb baby by myself over the toilet after a 50 min labor with only my husband there,” text on the couple’s video read. “Talk about the biggest shock of my life,” Tyson wrote. “Pregnant to delivering my own baby, to finding out it was our first girl.” The six-second video shows a shocked Ariel looking up at her husband while she delivered their seventh child on the john. In a three-minute follow-up video, the couple explains that Tyson was in a “dead to the world” sleep when she woke up around 2:30 a.m. to what she believed to be her water breaking. “As far as I could tell, no water was broken,” she said. “Well, I’m like ‘OK, labor is getting started,’ so I didn’t wake Michael up at first because I love to be alone during the beginning parts of labor and just focus on myself, and then he comes in when I need him.” Tyson revealed that she was initially scared due to the fact the labor was already very painful only minutes into the process and feared what it would be like in the end. According to Tyson, her husband had more of an inkling of how far along she was. Michael also says in the video that the duo is not new to home-birthing. The dad said that their daughter was their fifth home delivery and seventh kid altogether. “We have done our very best to be educated, and we had had one other accidental birth, so it’s not unfamiliar ground for us,” Michael explained. “And also I know what I am doing and what is happening.” In the third video, the couple addresses the fact that the wife delivered the child while sitting on a toilet. Tyson revealed that this was the first time the couple had a toilet birth, but joked that her firstborn almost was born on the john until her midwife forced her into the tub. “It’s a common misconception that you’re supposed to give birth on your back,” Tyson’s husband declared. “It’s very rare that it is the most comfortable position for a woman to give birth in.” Ariel explained that she initially thought she needed to go to the bathroom earlier in labor and thought it was a normal feeling to have. Michael then addressed some of the comments that berated him for not helping his wife catch the child. “There was no room,” explains the husband. “It was better for her to catch the child.” Several Tiktokers were left speechless by the unusual birth story. “Babies first swirly, Jk,” joked one person. “Of course, you wouldn’t let her go into the toilet.” “You guys did amazing! Plus, you are experts by now,” gushed another commenter. “Not me being pregnant for the first time & now being scared of going to the toilet,” another added. “Moms who catch their own babies are a diff breed,” wrote a fourth commenter. “For real that’s amazing.”