The former head of Mexico’s “Federales” raked in millions in bribes in return for aiding El Chapo’s ruthless Sinaloa cartel — shielding the traffickers as they funnelled cocaine into the US, federal prosecutors alleged at the start of his corruption trial in New York on Monday. Genaro García Luna, 54, appeared before a jury in Brooklyn federal court, where prosecutors described him as a trusted and tremendously powerful public servant who betrayed the Mexican public’s trust in exchange for lots of dinero. “He kept taking dirty money and cocaine kept flowing into the United States,” Assistant US Attorney Philip Pilmar said in his opening statement. “Because he controlled the country’s entire police force, the defendant thought he was above the law … No one is above the law.” Luna led Mexico’s Federal Investigative Agency from 2001 to 2005, and was named the secretary of public security in 2006 — placing him in charge of the Mexican Federal Police. He held that role until 2012 — during which time, prosecutors allege, he was on the take. “While he was expected to work for the Mexican people, he had a second job, a dirtier job, a more profitable job,” Pilmar told the court, adding, “It’s hard for me to explain how powerful he really was because we don’t have any officer in the United States who consolidated that amount of power under them.” Pilmar accused the former top cop of doing more than simply turning a blind eye to the Cartel’s drug trade. The prosecutor said that, in exchange for bribes, Garcia Luna provided cartel soldiers with police uniforms and badges — and even sent his own men as mercenaries to take out enemies of the Sinaloa operation. “The defendant took some steps not to get caught,” Pilmar said. “He kept up appearances and made some arrests. He let his underlings do the dirty work. “The defendant was a person who was supposed to be in charge of fighting the Sinaloa Cartel,” Pilmar said. “Actually, he was their most valued asset.” Garcia Luna has maintained his innocence, and pleaded not guilty to charges of international cocaine trafficking conspiracy and making false statements. The allegations against Garcia Luna first surfaced during the trial of “El Chapo” in Brooklyn federal court in 2018, when a key witness described personally dropping off cases containing between $3 million and $5 million. At the time, Garcia Luna vehemently denied the accusations. “I never had any contact nor received people linked to criminal activity,” he said in a publicly released letter in November 2018. “I have systematically been defamed as long as I have attacked the interests of organized crime, and they have never produced a single piece of evidence to back up these calumnies,” he claimed. But Sergio Villarreal “el Grande” Barragan — a towering ex-cop who served as a Lieutenant for the Sinaloan-allied Beltran Leyva cartel until his arrest in 2010 — testified Monday that Luna had been on the take long before his time with the Federal Police. “When I [joined the Sinaloas in 2001], he was already getting paid,” the six-foot-seven-inch drug trafficker said through a translator. “And he was paid until the last day of [Beltran Leyva boss] Arturo Beltran’s life,” Barragan added. Beltran was killed in a gunfight with Mexican marines in 2008. “He would give us information about investigations against our organization. He helped us put in and take out commanders in any plaza in Mexico. He shared information so we could hit our rivals,” Barragan said when asked how Luna had helped the cartel. “It was a great help because we were able to grow and to minimize our rival,” he added. “We grew in terms of territory and quantity of drugs and eliminating rival groups.” Another cartel heavy — convicted hitman Edgar “la Barbie” Valdez-Villareal — is expected to testify at trial that he, too, personally delivered money to Luna. An attorney for Garcia Luna contended Monday that the prosecution’s key witnesses are all career criminals with an ax to grind against the former cop. “He waged an all-out war against organized crime,” defense attorney Cesar de Castro said of Garcia Luna. “The government’s witnesses are casualties [of that war],” he said. “What better revenge than to bury the man who waged war against the cartels? “All you have is the worst criminals in the world with overwhelming motives to lie,” he added. Garcia Luna “was a public servant in Mexico for more than 20 years,” de Castro said, noting that he’d rid the Federal Police ranks of thousands of officers suspected of corruption. “He spent his entire career systematically fighting all kinds of criminal organizations.” “Don’t let the cartels play you,” he said to the jury. “They are career criminals and professional criminals.”