Posture check! Are you reading this article hunched over your phone, or with your laptop on your stomach while you lay in bed? If yes, sit up straight and then continue reading. Having good posture can set you up for better health and productivity, while bad posture habits can stick you with ailments, soreness and overall worse health — see a correlation? However, sometimes posture is the last thing on your mind, or simply hard to achieve with a busy life, be you working in an office with bad chairs or from home when you have a lack of proper equipment and no one to remind you to unclench and relax. We feel those same frustrations, which is why we reached out to Dr. Amir Vokshoor, a board-certified neurosurgeon and the Chief of Spine Surgery at Providence Saint John’s Health Center in Santa Monica, California. Vokshoor knows what can happen when bad posture isn’t corrected and works to instill good habits and teach new ways to have the best spinal health. Read on for the doctor’s orders when it comes to a healthy spine, plus gadgets, clothing and even furniture you can buy right now to help have better posture in 2023. Hopefully it’s not what you have right now! Bad posture is a generalization, including how you sit, stand and carry yourself while walking and moving through the world. It is fairly easy to have bad posture, either all the time or just when performing certain common tasks. “Bad posture results from malfunction of one or more functional units of the spine and it can result from structural or functional habitual causes. For example, think about two to three hours of texting every day with the neck and a constant flexed posture, or sitting at a desk all day,” said Vokshoor. That being said, in the short term there may be some immediate side-effects from the aforementioned texting or slouching. However, when these practices become habits, there can also be long term effects on your entire body. “The immediate results can be fatigue, muscle spasms, and minor aching but in the long term, there can be permanent changes in the structural components of the spine, including the shock absorbing discs, the joints, the muscular support unit around the spine,” explained Vokshoor. “In summary poor posture can lead to a variety of health issues, such as neck and back pain, headaches, and fatigue. In extreme circumstances, this can lead to deformity of the spine, or a hunchback, called kyphosis.” Don’t let the above scare you — chances are if you are reading this, there is something you can do to avoid longterm back problems. We asked Vokshoor what we can do when sitting, standing and walking in order to remedy bad posture and practice better habits. When sitting: “Sitting in general places is a significant amount of pressure on the lower spine thus active intermittent engagement of the core, the muscular support for our lower trunk and pelvis, and by stretching our legs and by occasionally standing, every 20 or 30 minutes is very helpful. It’s also good to be conscious of sitting upright and engaging the upper spine as well, including the shoulder blades, and the neck.” When standing: “In standing, having the head balanced over the shoulders and over the pelvis is considered the best but individual spinal curvature, and pelvic and leg alignment parameters, can affect our overall posture.” When walking: “Walking is even more nuanced due to factors such as overall balance and hip alignment, but I think a good rule is engagement of the core for the lower back, as well as the shoulder blades in the back of the neck for the upper spine.” Your back supports you — isn’t it time we support it? The BackEmbrace wearable is a great way to physically correct your posture, with adjustable and comfortable straps that gently move your back and shoulders into alignment throughout the day. For a smaller posture corrector that still packs a punch, check out this wearable. The small rectangle can be stuck to your back and continuously monitors your posture. When you slouch, a small vibration notifies you to correct your posture, while the included app records your posture progress. You heard them; don’t be a slouch! The Hempvana is a highly reviewed wearable that improved back and neck posture. It has a fully customized fit and is made with hemp for flexibility and a lightweight feel. Have the best form in the gym and wherever you go. Forme is a clothing company with posture at the forefront. Shop for posture-enhancing sports bras, shorts and shirts, in addition to pants and even socks that improve arch support. Support your back with these bras, designed for full coverage and spinal health. Kinflyte bras come in a variety of size-inclusive styles, all made with reinforced mesh, compression panels, a wide shoulder breadth and more. Since your feet carry you everywhere, make sure you start from the ground up when working on your posture. Fulton insoles are a great place to start, providing a custom mold to cushion your foot and support your back, knees and feet while standing or walking. Take a seat and learn about posture. Humanscale office chairs are the ergonomic chairs of your dreams, especially when working from home or for long hours. The World One is a more affordable option, while still utilizing their adjustable and ergonomic features. Bow down to great posture. This funky-looking chair is actually a great way to switch up your seating and improve posture while kneeling, taking pressure off of your lower back, while also working to strengthen your core. Cushion your back while supporting your spine with a great lumbar pillow. This one slips easily behind any chair, molding to your spine’s curvature and supporting the lower back for better posture and comfortable sitting. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.