She’s a model senior citizen. Sexy septuagenarian Colleen Heidemann is flaunting what she’s still got on social media. Her trendy TikTok page features footage of her stunning photoshoots, her stylish outfits and even her jaw-dropping workout routines, in glamorous makeup to boot! She’s attracted more than 318,000 followers, who are inspired by her sultry stance against senior stereotypes. Hip Heidemann, who claims she only began her modeling career at 69, posted an empowering viral video in which she slips into an array of swimsuits. “‘This swimwear is not age appropriate,’ is what they say,” she mocks haters at the start of the provocative clip. “I say: Wear what makes you feel good!” Heidemann, who is reported to be 73, included a slideshow of herself looking very cool in the seemingly summer heat while modeling various swimsuits — one-pieces and bikinis. “Everybody is a swimsuit body,” she wrote — and her viewers lapped the sentiment up. “OMG YOU ARE GORGEOUS!” gushed one ecstatic user. “I am literally speechless every time I see you on here,” commended another, who referred to Heidemann as a “queen.” “I hope one day I have that amount of confidence and self love.” “You are an inspiration,” enthused someone else, who said they want to be just like her when they “grow up.” “You look amazing!! Keep wearing what you love!” another chimed in. “Beautiful and elegant woman,” one user complimented. “Aging goals,” wrote another. In other clips, Heidemann, who is signed by NEXT Models, is fashioned in true ’80s exercise attire, emulating a Jane Fonda-esque look for her workout. The former flight attendant also shares her skincare routine and glam sessions, as well as behind-the-scenes peeks from her runway gigs with her fans. The sophisticated senior often promotes confidence and self-love, embodying the message personally and professionally. “When I ask myself, ‘When do I feel beautiful?,’ it’s a mental thing for me that just brings the beauty of love,” Heidemann says in a YouTube video produced by her management agency. “I can’t imagine living a moment, nor an hour, nor a day, without beauty in my life.”