It’s a real bundle of joy. An Upper East Side woman named Sophia discovered that she didn’t just leave the maternity ward at NewYork-Presbyterian’s Weill Cornell Medical Center with her beautiful new baby. She also got a treasure trove of designer goods. “When you give birth at Cornell on the Upper East Side, they give you this Chanel goodie bag,” said Sophia, 42, in a trending TikTok, highlighting the swank swag bag. “I was just organizing some stuff from my closet, and I realized I never opened it for either one of my kids,” the mom and per-diem nurse added, noting that she received Chanel treats from the hospital after welcoming both her 5-year-old daughter and 3-year-old son. In her viral video of the posh push present, which raked in a whopping 1.7 million views, Sophia opened the luxe bag to find a $90 bottle of Chanel Gabrielle perfume, a $45 Le Rouge Duo Ultra Tenue lipstick and a $38 Le Volume de Chanel mascara.  The spoils also came with a card from the premier fashion and fragrance house, congratulating the hospital’s obstetrics and gynecology department for its “excellence” in caring for women’s health. NewYork-Presbyterian — Weill Cornell Medical Center was not immediately available to respond to The Post’s request for a comment. Per a May 2004 announcement, the hospital received a $1.5 million endowment from Chanel for its “outstanding achievement in obstetrics and gynecology and will make possible a special gift of cosmetic and skin care products to all women who give birth at the Medical Center.” While a seemingly nonchalant Sophia maintained her cool during the unwrapping of the high-end haul, her drooling TikTok fan base completely freaked out over the fab freebies. “All I got was a baby…I guess that’s ok,” one sarcastic kidder joked in the comments. “I’d forget my baby at the hospital before I’d forget to open a Chanel gift bag,” another mother quipped. “Not me rethinking where I go to give birth just for the merch,” teased a separate wide-eyed mom-to-be. Other, less-tickled social media spectators, however, virtually spanked Sophia for coming off as a snobby mommy, pooh-poohing expensive perks that less fortunate folks would fully appreciate. “Rich [b- -tch] energy,” scolded one digital detractor. “Guess what they give us when we give birth at KINGS COUNTY in the Heart of Brooklyn?!… TRAUMAAAAA,” barked another. “The disparity in treatment and experience between hospitals is jarring. Two different worlds,” said an equally shocked onlooker. In response, Sophia created a separate video defending herself. “I just went to the hospital that my [obstetrician] is affiliated with,” she said. “I wish I was in the tax bracket people assume that I’m in for not opening this gift bag.”