He’s already campaigning hard for a second term running New York City, but Mayor Adams’ fundraising prowess is more reminiscent of a man with eyes on the White House, political pundits say. Adams has raised more than $1.27 million for his 2025 re-election campaign a mere year into office, with $632,636 – or about half — coming from out-of-state donors, his filings last week with the city Campaign Finance Board show. He pocketed $408,402 over the past six months, with 87 donations maximum contributions of $2,100. His totals dwarf his predecessors’. Former Mayor Bill de Blasio did little fundraising in his first year, amassing a mere $7,997. Ex-Mayor Rudy Giuliani solicited $719,760 in his rookie year. Although Adams denied a Post report that he’s interested in running for president in 2024 or beyond, Democratic political consultant Hank Sheinkopf said Adams’ prolific fundraising effort shows he’s primed to “break the New York mayor’s curse” of having “political careers end at City Hall.” “He’s a centrist Democratic whose black and an ex-cop,” Sheinkopf said. “If he can prove over the next few years that he can run New York and fix some of its problems, he becomes a serious national player, whether it’s to run for president or consideration for the party’s nomination for vice president. It’s the way this country is heading.” He also said the filings show potential mayoral challengers they’ll have a tough time trying to match a “career prodigious fundraiser” like Adams. During the 2021 mayoral race, Adams raised nearly $9 million in private funds and qualified to receive another $10.1 through the city’s public matching funds program. Much of Adams’ windfall in his 2025 campaign coffers has come from businesses banking on his plans to help the cash-strapped Big Apple financially recover from the pandemic, including the real estate, film and TV production, and food-services industries. Since July, these donations include $13,175 from officials at GrubHub, which is lobbying the city to loosen food delivery rules;  $10,200 from execs at Broadway Stages in Brooklyn, and $2,100 from real estate scion William Lie Zeckendorf. Adams’ current war chest totals $1,061,152, as he’s shelled out $216,826 in campaign expenses. This includes paying for travel to Beverly Hills, Chicago and other cites to help raise his national profile along with funding for his re-election campaign. Vito Pitta, a lawyer for the mayor’s campaign, said Adams is “completely focused on his job as mayor and leading New York forward — and that is why so many New Yorkers have already supported his campaign.” “His policies to reduce crime and increase affordability also resonate in other cities, which have similar challenges to New York,” he said.