These are the games, these are the moments, these are the fourth quarters where Kayvon Thibodeaux knows what it would mean for him to begin to take the torch that Lawrence Taylor passed to Michael Strahan and run with it. “I actually have not met Lawrence Taylor yet. I gotta meet him. I was mad, he was at the last game, I didn’t get to say anything to him,” Thibodeaux told The Post. When I asked Thibodeaux what he hopes LT, who was at the playoff-clincher against the Colts at MetLife Stadium, says about him, he says: “That he left the Giants in good hands.” He is reminded that Strahan, who has mentored Thibodeaux, came after LT. “And I hope Strahan left it in good hands,” Thibodeaux said. “I hope they all see that we’re working. Things might not always work out how we want to, but as long as we just keep grinding, keep getting better, we’re gonna relive those moments.” He left the Giants in good hands with you, you mean? “With the new generation. I won’t say just for me. I only say me because I’m a pass rusher like him, but they passed the torch,” Thibodeaux said. Thibodeaux played an LT-like game against the Commanders at FedEx Field. He remembers plenty about the way LT played the game. “Just relentless,” Thibodeaux said. “There’s a certain ambience that you feel when you go against the Giants defense, and there’s something about being those crazed dogs that you see that video talk about, but it’s something about that that we brought back.” Thibodeaux has recorded three of his four sacks in the last four games — bookend Azeez Ojulari has 5 1/2 sacks in six games played — and is devoid of the bumps and bruises that plague most players this late in the season. “I got nothing. I’m primed and ready to go,” he says. How do you explain that? “I’m like part animal. I’m part Wolverine, seriously,” he says with a straight face. How so? “It’s in my DNA, you gotta check it,” he says. “I got X-rayed, they found that dog in me.” Thibodeaux is fun and is as savvy a rookie as you will find, and Strahan left him with some invaluable advice. “Greatness lies with being uncomfortable,” Thibodeaux said. “To really get to that next level of greatness, you gotta put yourself in positions you never been in before. So, basically with the playoffs coming, I gotta do more. I don’t have to do anything different, I just gotta do more.” He didn’t sack Vikings quarterback Kirk Cousins the last time. “Affecting the quarterback will be something that I gotta hone in on,” Thibodeaux said. If he is right that Primetime likes him, well, this is a 4:30 p.m. wild-card playoff game. “Semi primetime,” Thibodeaux said. If ever there was a game for him to be The Closer, it is this one. “You’re gonna have to call The Closer and ask him,” Thibodeaux said. After which he whispers: “Oh, that’s me!” He turned 22 last month and yet is self-aware beyond his years and comfortable in his own skin. He was made for New York. “‘Cause I’m not afraid,” he said. “Last week I was trending because I didn’t know somebody. When you just talk about narratives being created, I feel like I was prepared. I went to school for journalism, I understand how the media works.” Ask him what it’s like being a New York Giant and he asks: “What are those little fish called in those little bowls? Like not in an actual fish tank but just in those bowls?” He asks Adoree’ Jackson in the neighboring locker. “Goldfish. I feel like New York is — and I’m not saying that that bowl is small — but I’m saying that fish is so clear in that bowl, that there’s nowhere that fish can hide. And that’s what I feel like New York is. I feel like New York is that microscope of players. Just being in that fishbowl, it makes you really live your truth and live your reality. It makes you strong in that.” Thibodeaux quickly eased outside concerns that his big personality might not be a fit in the locker room. “I would say when people don’t know how to describe certain things, they use the first adjective that comes to their mind,” he said. “So ‘big’ was just the first adjective that came to their mind. I’m happy that they were able to get their point of views out so I could end up on this team.“ So how would he describe his personality? “I wouldn’t use the adjective ‘big,’ but I would definitely say my personality is…it’s unique,” Thibodeaux said. He has made a mockery of his most bothersome pre-draft criticism. “Just my love for the game, that’s it,” Thibodeaux said. “‘Cause now you see that the only way to go the distance and the only way to still be available at this time of the year is TO love the game and is TO respect the game. I’ve shown that I’m a team guy, I’ve shown that I’m willing to do what it takes to get there. Now it’s time to go finish.” He felt he should have been the first overall pick of the NFL draft rather than the fifth. The Jaguars, also in the playoffs, selected Travon Walker No. 1. “Most of the people who were drafted before me are home, so I’m not really too worried about the draft no more,” Thibodeaux said. He won over GM Joe Schoen over Korean barbecue in Eugene, Ore. “I mean, I’m just honest,” Thibodeaux said. “I call a spade a spade and I think in this game, there’s so many phonies and there are so many people who preach something that they don’t live. I feel like maybe my authenticness was refreshing.” Of course he is recognized in public. “People stop me and scream, ask for pictures,” Thibodeaux said. “Definitely grateful to be in this position, and to have people look at me in such regard, but it does get overwhelming sometimes.” And what does he do when it does? “Stay in the house (laugh).” What message would Thibodeaux have for Giants fans? “I would tell ‘em what I told ‘em when I got drafted,” he said. “Stay in those seats, ‘cause when fourth quarter comes, we just start cookin.” What’s wrong with cooking in the first quarter? “I like first-quarter cookin,” Thibodeaux said, “but I wouldn’t be The Closer if I didn’t do it in the fourth quarter.” The best time to torch Cousins and the Vikings.