New York Post readers in Ohio can cash in on a fantastic offer for new customers with FanDuel Sportsbook. Claim your $200 in bonus bets with the FanDuel Promo Code and Let’s learn how to claim these offers and see our best NBA bet for tonight. This great promo code lets new FanDuel users in Ohio get $200 right when they sign up. All you have to do is register with FanDuel Sportsbook, place your first bet of $5 and receive your bonus bets. Through the NFL playoffs, new customers can turn $5 into $150 at FanDuel Sportsbook. Once you create your account and deposit, place a $5 bet to redeem your $150 in bonus bets. While college hoops may dominate the Saturday slate, there is one exciting matchup happening on the pro circuit. Two of the game’s best point guards will square off as Luka Doncic, and the Dallas Mavericks take on Damian Lillard and the Portland Trailblazers. Dallas got back on track against the Lakers, but it was not easy, as they had to battle into double overtime to walk out victorious. However, things have been even worse for Portland. They’ll come into this matchup having lost their last five games, but this may be the perfect buy-low spot. Damian Lillard has been on fire despite the losses. He has put up 30 or more points in each of the last three games, and one of them was a 50-point outing against Cleveland, one of the league’s best defensive teams. There is value in taking the Trail Blazers here to snap their cold streak. The Bettor Sports Network features original programming from celebrity personalities like Bill Simmons, famous for his picks on The Ringer Network Podcasts, and Kay Adams, a former host of Good Morning Football on the NFL Network, who displayed her vast knowledge of the NFL and fantasy football. Although, it is much more than that, as they are the new home of international basketball. FanDuel TV will broadcast more than 3,000 hours of professional leagues from around the globe. So you can sweat your bets on the same app that you place them on. 21+ and present in OH. Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER