She’s not s–tting you. One woman in England has found a way to save money by burning poop — and she can’t hold in her secret any longer. Kelly Wheeler uses miniature horse feces to make bricks, which she then takes to fuel the stove at her work. In addition to using solar lights outside, Wheeler claims that she’s been able to save around $60 dollars per month on her energy bills, according to The Sun. Wheeler, who runs an outdoor ropes course center, uses the poop of miniature Shetland Sketchley and American miniature horse Hugo to make the bricks. She said that once it’s all said and done, there’s abso-tootley no smell. Wheeler has even used the energy from the bricks to cook her colleagues a full English breakfast. “I cannot tell you how happy it makes me,” Wheeler told The Sun. “I love to reuse and recycle, and we stay warm in the office for free, and we can boil the kettle and cook on top. It’s amazing!” In order to create the bricks, they use a high-powered briquet-making machine and then dry them out in a log shed, according to The Sun. The business can make about 50 bricks in one hour and burn through about 30 or 40 bricks in a single day. Wheeler admitted that it can get a bit dirty when you are in the process of making the bricks, but that doesn’t matter much to her or her colleagues. “We’re doing our bit for the planet and saving money as well,” Wheeler said. “As a small business, any way we can save money really makes a difference.” Although it might be good for the planet, some people are concerned about her money-saving method — but she says it’s solid. “We’ve had a mixed reaction,” Wheeler explained. “Lots of people have contacted us asking how we make the bricks and they want to try it out. People come down and we show them what to do … Others are more surprised and ask whether it smells.” This is not the most recent breakthrough in poo news. Earlier this month, scientists in Switzerland claimed that poop might be able to save the world one day to bring humanity back from near-extinction if needed. With all the success she’s gained from the life-changing hack, Wheeler revealed that she has plans to expand her methods. “We’ve got another building next door, and our next project in the new year is to install a pipe and fans so we can heat another building with the log burner, too, and then we won’t have to use an electric heater in there,” she explained.