Geena Davis revealed Monday that Bill Murray, 72, allegedly yelled at her while he was wearing a clown suit on the set of their 1990 comedy “Quick Change.” Davis first accused the actor in October of using a massage tool on her in her hotel room despite her refusal in 1989 in her memoir “Dying of Politeness.” Now, she detailed the alleged on-set incident while appearing on New York magazine’s “On with Kara Swisher.” According to the 66-year-old, she was meeting with Murray and the co-producers when he supposedly asked her if she had tried the device. “I’m like, ‘No, no, no, thank you.’ And he keeps at it,” Davis alleged. “And I keep saying ‘No’ to the point where I would’ve had to scream at him, ‘Stop f–king asking me! I am not doing it. Do you understand?’ Which I was far too timid to do. “So I perched on the corner of the bed and let him do it, and he did it for like one second, and then didn’t ask how I liked it or anything. So I realized it was just to see if he could force me to do something inappropriate,” Davis alleged. The actress said that none of the other men in the room attempted to stop Murray. “I looked to them hoping they would say, ‘Come on, Bill, give it up’ or something. But they didn’t,” recounted Davis. Davis later found out that Murray was reportedly worried that since Davis had just won an Oscar she would have an inflated ego. According to the “Beetlejuice” star, the alleged abuse continued into the next day when the film started shooting. “We were shooting a huge scene out on an intersection in Manhattan with hundreds of extras and giant crew and all that stuff. And they said, ‘We’re ready for you to come to set,’ ” explained Davis. “Well, costumes asked me to wait here one second. Can I do that, or should I come with you? He said, ‘No, no, no.’ The AD said, ‘No, go ahead. Wait here.’ “ Davis revealed that mere seconds after the assistant director left, Murray — in full clown costume — reportedly stormed into her dressing room and screamed at her. “‘Get the f–k out there! What the f–k are you doing? Move! Move,” detailed Davis. “And he got behind me and screamed in my ear, ‘Move! Move faster! Move it!’ And we’re getting to this intersection where there’s hundreds of people watching this, and he keeps it up and keeps it up until he says, ‘Stand there’ and points to a mark on the pavement and starts shooting,” she alleged. Murray then supposedly came up to her after a couple of takes and asked her what was going on. According to the podcast’s host, Kara Swisher, Murray has been accused by Solange Knowles of touching her hair after she repeatedly asked him not to and his “Charlie’s Angles” co-star Lucy Liu accused him of “inappropriate” and “inexcusable” comments that were made to her on the set of the 2000 spy flick. The Post reached out to Murray for comment. “Talking about it actually, it’s still — it’s very emotional for me because I felt so ashamed, you know, for somebody who wants to do things right. You know,” said Davis.