It looks like Prince Harry isn’t shy about talking about his princely package either. The 38-year-old royal references his manhood more than 15 times in his bestselling new memoir, “Spare.” He uses the word “penis” eight times in the controversial book, but also uses a lot of euphemisms, Fox News reported Saturday. He makes mention of his “penis” eight times, his “todger” six times, and refers to his “c–k,” “bespoke c–k cushion” and “down there” once each. “Spare” also includes a detailed description of Prince Harry’s struggle with “penile frostbite” — an issue he described during his Tuesday appearance on “The Late Show with Stephen Colbert.” He said the problem arose after taking part in a charity trek to the Arctic with four ex-servicemen who were badly wounded in the war in Afghanistan. The 200-mile walk in March 2011 raised £2 million ($2.38 million) for the Walking with the Wounded charity group. “These amazing veterans were doing a walk to the North Pole, they had all the training, I had none,” he told Colbert. “I turned up thinking, how bad can this be? It’s only the North Pole, it’s only minus 35 degrees.” It turns out it was bad enough that the exiled royal’s penis was “oscillating between extremely sensitive and borderline traumatized” after the excursion, he wrote. So far, Buckingham Palace has yet to officially comment on “Spare,” which is packed full of startling — and sometimes intimate — revelations about his family, including his dad, King Charles III, his brother, heir apparent Prince William, and Queen Consort Camilla, whom he accuses of getting her PR person to “spin” him “right under the bus.” Readers have spotted numerous mistakes in “Spare,” but J.R. Moehringer, Prince Harry’s ghostwriter is pushing back, saying easily proven errors in the tattletale tome simply prove “the line between memory and fact is blurry.” The New Yorker — who reportedly met Harry through Hollywood star George Clooney — pushed back at the backlash by posting a series of quotes from Mary Karr’s “The Art of Memoir.” “The line between memory and fact is blurry, interpretation and fact,” one excerpt reads. “There are inadvertent mistakes of those kinds out the wazoo.”