A bound-and-gagged 74-year-old woman was found dead in her Upper West Side apartment this week in what investigators believe may have been a slaying that occurred during a robbery, cops and police sources said Friday. Victim Maria Hernandez’s sister — who found her badly beaten and injured body at about 9:30 p.m. Wednesday after going to check on her — said she had no idea who would commit such a heinous crime. “She is the person that was very kind, loving, and caring,” Maria Terrero told The Post. “She never ever ever had [any problems with anyone]. I think the person was looking for somebody else.” Hernandez was left lying face-down on the bedroom floor of her ransacked home, cops and police sources said. She was gagged, with a sheet and clothes strewn over her body, and her hands and feet bound. Terrero said she went to check on her sister at the third floor unit on West 83rd Street after being told by Hernandez’s daughter that she couldn’t reach her mom. “She told me ‘I’ve been calling my mommy and she’s not answering the phone.’ I told her, ‘Let me go check on her and see what happened,'” she said.The NYPD, who were soon called to the scene, and the city Medical Examiner’s Office both confirmed Friday that Hernandez’s death was deemed a homicide, but did not immediately have further details about how she was killed. Hernandez was found with fractures and bruising on her body, police sources said. Cops believe Hernandez’s death may have stemmed from a possible robbery – but did not have any details on the circumstances around the alleged robbery. The building’s CCTV system was forcibly removed from the basement – and investigators are probing whether whoever is responsible for Hernandez’s death may have taken it. The superintendent of Hernandez’s building told The Post, someone “used a hammer and a crowbar” to get into the basement to steal the security footage. “Her daughter is going to go see if the police have anything to tell us about the situation because we are desperate waiting for the answer to this terrible crime,” Terrero said. Terrero had a “wonderful relationship” with her sister, she recalled. “She was a wonderful sister, wonderful mother, wonderful grandmother and wonderful friend,” she said. The super said he’d known the slain senior for more than 20 years and described her as “one of my very nice tenants.” The superintendent of Hernandez’s building said he’d known the slain senior for more than 20 years and described her as “one of my very nice tenants.” “She always kept to herself,” said the man, who declined to give his name. “They have a little clique — three of them. She would go for coffee, walks in the park.” “I have a lot of elderly ladies in this building. I try to take care of them. Look out for them,” he said. “I know people target older people. I try to teach the younger guys in the building to always look out for the older people here.” A 65-year-old tenant who’s lived in the building for years said the violent incident has left him “nervous.” “Of course, I’m worried about it. I’m home with no concern — until now,” said Patrick Jolicoeur. “I’m sure it bothers everyone because it’s unexpected.”