With just one walk through the olive oil aisle at the grocery store, you’ll quickly understand that the olive oil industry at large is anything but cookie-cutter. From extra virgin blends that marry bold and peppery scents to olive-infused bottles that originated in Spain, the spectrum of options is never ending. “No single oil can solve all of your culinary conundrums,” Nicholas Coleman, co-founder and oleologist at Grove and Vine, told the New York Post. “It’s best to have on hand a variety of oils.  At minimum, a delicate finishing oil that won’t overpower basic flavors, one robust finishing oil to cut through stronger food and one more affordable (but clean-tasting) extra virgin olive oil for cooking.” That’s right — we spoke to an olive oil expert (aka, an “oleologist“) to answer our appetizer buffet of questions on what to look for in a quality bottle (click here to jump to our FAQ), what the best olive oil brands are and how to choose one to your liking for both cooking and dipping. You can say we did a deep-dive — or, a deep-dip. We reviewed Brightland and not only adore its aesthetically pleasing bottles but also love the taste of each varietal. Its collection of authentically sourced blends are never over-processed or made with any fillers or preservatives. Uniquely, the brand meticulously sources its olives from a family-run California farm to ensure you’re grabbing earth-grown ingredients. Not to mention, its sole ingredient originates from trees that have lived on land for thousands of years. Namely, the brand’s best-selling Alive Extra-Virgin Olive Oil ($37) is one of our favorites, along with the Ardor Chili-Infused Extra-Virgin Olive Oil ($40) for a sweet kick to your morning egg scramble. Want your extra-virgin olive oil from Argentina? How about Portugal? Can’t forget about California! Well, California Olive Ranch is a standout brand that brings each corner of the world together for thoughtfully infused olive oil blends that’ll have you dipping for more. Namely, the brand’s Starter Pack ($43) contains three unbeatable flavors: 100% California Medium, Avocado Blend and 100% California Reserve. Plus, you can add the brand’s Garden Basil Infused Oil ($14) for some Italian-inspired flavor to your evening dish. Out of everything to shop for on Amazon, the brand Chefs Life is a true gem. We’ve been loving its Ultimate Trio Gift Box ($50) that not only makes the perfect gift but is apt to be front-row in your pantry. Not to mention, you can order the brand’s individual bottles, with one of our favorites being the Blending Extra-Virgin Olive Oil with Avocado and Grapeseed ($10). There’s much to love about Kosterina, from its minimalist and chic bottles to its wonderfully curated blends of extra-virgin olive oil. Its best-seller is the Original Extra-Virgin Olive Oil ($30) — which goes without saying — but the brand also offers a Half Case of Olive Oil ($159) up for grabs to ensure you’ll be plenty stocked for all of your cooking and dipping. What’s impressive about Flamingo State is that its Heritage Extra-Virgin Olive Oil ($39) is made from organic olives grown in those lovely sun-soaked California valleys. Run by small, family-owned farms, each varietal is “selectively picked by hand and cold-pressed immediately to ensure critical freshness and rich antioxidant and polyphenol content,” per its site. What’s more, Flamingo Estate also offers The Tablemates ($104), a three-piece set featuring the brand’s Barrel Aged Triple Crown Chester Blackberry Vinegar, California Harvest Ambrosia Fuyu Hachiya Persimmon Vinegar and, of course, the novel extra-virgin olive oil. Sardel is your one-stop-shop for all things kitchen, including its Organic Extra-Virgin Olive Oil ($35). Namely, its 100% Italian-derived (specifically, made in Puglia), is made using local Coratina olives and is grown on centuries-old trees. So, it’s truly a taste of Italy, and it’s quite possibly one of the richest flavors you’ll try. Note: the Organic Extra-Virgin Olive Oil is currently on pre-order (because it’s so popular), though you can also opt for Sardel’s subscription so you always have one on hand. With more than 1,000 rave reviews on Amazon, Iliada’s Extra-Virgin Olive Oil Tin ($47) is worth the hype and one to try. It’s smooth, fresh and full-bodied, hailing its roots from Greece. You’ll also appreciate that its harvested and cold-pressed without any chemicals or preservatives in the process — that truly authentic Santorini-inspired olive oil that you simply have to add to your cart. Iliada also offers its flagship EVOO in a bottle form, also produced by way of Kalamata olives (29). Let’s talk about quality olive oil and super chic packaging. Wonder Valley checks all of our boxes, especially because its traditional Olive Oil ($36) is one of the most unique blends. Blended with Arbequina, Favalosa and Tuscan olives hand-picked from Lake County, CA groves, the olive oil is pressed within hours of harvest by the brand’s master miller. More, its flavor profile consists of butter, green tea, walnut and apricot. It’s heavenly, and worth every penny. With AmazonFresh, you know you’re getting (1) freshness — duh, and (2) convenience. The brand’s Fresh Mediterranean Blend Extra-Virgin Olive Oil ($18) is one of the most affordable and a beloved customer favorite with more than 12,000 positive reviews. Uniquely, one Amazon reviewer said it exceeded her expectations compared to extra-virgin olive oils that are nearly $100 in price. A best-seller at Williams Sonoma, Frantoio Muraglia’s Extra-Virgin Olive Oil ($55 to $106) comes in an adorably striped bottle and makes the perfect gift for the person you know who’s really into olive oil. Or, really into cooking! Dubbed “the ultimate kitchen-to-table olive oil,” this blend is produced in Northern Apulia in Italy from Peranzana olives, cold-pressed using traditional granite grindstones to help achieve a thoughtful structure and balance. Plus, you’ll adore its “robust, medium-fruity green oil whose peppery flavor offers notes of artichoke and fennel,” per its site, with its flavor profile one of the best for Italian-inspired cooking. Ahead, Nicholas Coleman gives us the 411 on all things olive oil, what to look for in a top-tier blend. When choosing oil, the three most important pieces of information to look for on the label are the harvest date, olive cultivars, and the region from which it originates, according to Coleman. “Unlike many wine varieties, olive oil does not improve with age, so freshness is a key quality component,” he notes. “Check the date. In addition, different olives will have varying organoleptic properties (taste, color, aroma, feel, etc.), and knowing the cultivars of which the oil is composed is crucial.” More, there is a saying: what grows together goes together. Be sure the olives from which the oil in the bottle you are considering is produced come not only from one country, but from a specific, localized region within that country. No single country has a monopoly on quality, per Coleman. “True beauty lies in regional diversity,” he explains. “Oils vary greatly in character from country to country and region to region — there are in fact often distinct differences evident within the same olive grove from one season to the next.” More, Italy alone has over 500 different olive cultivars, each, much like wine, with a unique geo-specific flavor profile. Which oil pairs best with a specific dish depends upon a variety of factors including how the food is prepared:  Is it raw?  Baked?  Grilled?  Fried?  Each method produces a different food “weight” that better corresponds to a particular oil’s intensity. “For example, a grassier, more robust oil would be a better choice for a seasoned grilled steak than for a raw preparation, such as steak tartare,” Coleman recommends. The golden question, right? According to Coleman, check the bottle for its harvest date. After all, the key to enjoying olive oil is in its freshness. “After two years olive oil becomes rancid,” Coleman notes. To be classified ‘extra virgin,’ an oil must pass a chemical and sensory test. “In the chemical test, an oil’s free oleic acid content must be below 0.8%,” Coleman explains. “It also must have a median defect of zero when judged by a certified tasting panel.” Sensory defects are commonplace in the largely self-regulated industry and are indicative of fruit damaged during the growing, harvesting, production or storage process. “Some oils chemically pass but fail sensorily, and vice-versa,” he adds. “An oil must, however, pass both to be achieve certified extra virgin status.” The liquid fat derived from olives is a 0% cholesterol mono-unsaturate that, for thousands of years, has been the backbone of a healthful Mediterranean diet — well before science explained why. “Early harvest extra-virgin olive oils typically have aromas of freshly cut grass and bitter herbs, ending with a pungent, lingering black pepper finish produced by oleocanthal, a natural phenolic compound with both anti-inflammatory and antioxidant properties,” Coleman adds. “The initial intense peppery sensation that slowly trails off in the back of the throat is considered an attractive attribute of high-quality extra-virgin olive oil.” When extra-virgin olive oil combined with other healthy whole foods, it maximizes its flavor-enhancing properties as well as its health benefits. “Extra virgin olive oil slackens digestion providing the gut additional time to effectively absorb valuable fat-soluble nutrients found in other ingredients,” he notes. Extra-virgin olive oil’s health benefits have long been recognized, especially when used in place of butter, animal fat and industrially processed seed oils. Good news — yes, you can! “Extra virgin olive oil is a pure, raw fruit lipid not a crushed seed derivative like Canola or a germ derivative like corn oil, most varieties of which before bottling require solvent extraction and other chemical processes,” Coleman notes. And, since the olive is a stone fruit related to peaches, plums, cherries and apricots, one could therefore argue that extra-virgin olive oil belongs in the supermarket produce section, rather than on the shelf with most other oils. Extra-virgin olive oil is remarkably versatile in both home and professional kitchens. “It’s the first ingredient in the pan and the last on the dish, Coleman highlights. “Extra-virgin olive oil’s smoke point hovers around 400 degrees Fahrenheit, which means in addition to using it raw, it’s ideal for light sauteeing and even for frying at 365 degrees.” For best results, find a relatively affordable yet clean-tasting extra-virgin olive oil for cooking. Because olive oil is preferential to taste, there is no ‘best’ olive oil. “When choosing oil for dipping or finishing, be sure to smell and then taste it — on its own, independent of other foods — so that you can experience and then analyze its viscosity and flavor profile,” Coleman advises. “This will trigger ideas about what it pairs best with.” In short, there are no firm rules here. It is very personal. With eyes closed, listen to your palette. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.