Most parents care very much what their baby’s name is, putting in consideration and effort into the selection, spelling and pronunciation. Which is why one new mom claims she’s at the brink of sanity with her husband, who is getting everything wrong about their baby’s name. Writing in an online parenting forum this week, she says: “My son’s name is Isaac. He is five months old.” “I’ve been wondering why all of my husband’s friends spell it ‘Issac’.” “Today I realized that they spell it that way because HE spells it that way.” (The dad, not the baby.) The frustrated mom continued, “He announced it that way, that is how he refers to him in all his messages.” “He sends his grandma photo postcards and that is how he spells his name on those.” “Why? Autocorrect. Send help.” The mum later adds: “It has really annoyed me! As a one off it’s fine, autocorrect is silly, but it’s every time and he’s never noticed?” “He hasn’t even noticed that everyone else now does the same thing. Mind blown. If someone spells my baby’s name wrong to me then I definitely notice because he’s my flipping baby.” Fellow forum users told the mom she’s not alone in the baby-naming experience. “My grandad spelt my moms name wrong on her birth certificate but thankfully it was just another variation!” one said. “However they wanted a Bible name but got a non-biblical spelling. They just left it!” Another added, “My cousin realized he’d been spelling his name ‘wrong’ when he was 16. His parents spelt it Zachery on his birth certificate but he was taught to spell it Zachary. “They also spelt his sister’s name as Haylee because they didn’t know there was any other way to spell it (it’s commonly spelt Hayley in Australia).” And then there was this by the baby’s own mom: “I have a friend Cassie which is pronounced Casey. Her own mom spelled it wrong on her birth certificate!” Another shared: “I have a cousin Jeffery instead of Jeffrey for this reason. Some people wouldn’t see the big deal but technically the name is different.” But this one is undoubtedly our favorite: ” I know a guy named Nikey instead of Mikey. His dad made a spelling mistake.” Poor Nikey.