First son Hunter Biden recalled in his 2021 memoir that he was “quarantined” for days inside his father’s Wilmington, Del. mansion — where classified documents from Joe Biden’s time as vice president were being improperly stored. In “Beautiful Things,” President Biden’s formerly crack-addicted son described spending four days inside his father’s 6,850-square-foot residence with other family members as they awaited the results of the 2020 presidential election. “You would have loved the scene on election night, too, even though the night would’ve driven you nuts, not least because the vote counting dragged on for days,” Hunter wrote in the book’s epilogue. “Yet one of the benefits of waiting so long for the race to be called was that we all waited it out together, at Mom and Dad’s house — [Hunter’s wife] Melissa and the baby [Beau], my girls, Natalie and Hunter, Ashley and Howard,” he continued. “More than waiting together, we were also quarantined together. There was no escaping one another.” Hunter Biden described the family “curled up on the couch together” with other relatives “filtering in and out” as returns trickled in. “For much of the first night, little Hunter and I sat together on the couch in the downstairs room with the big TV on … The early returns were all over the place,” the now-52-year-old recalled. Hunter Biden added that his parents weren’t even home when the networks finally called the election for his father on Nov. 7, 2020. “[O]n a glorious Saturday morning, I was sitting in the sunroom with all the girls, Natalie and Hunter, Melissa and baby Beau, Ashley and Howard, and Annie and Anthony — when the networks called Pennsylvania for Dad,” he wrote. “That clinched it. Mom and Dad were on a dock out on the pond, so we all ran to the porch and screamed at the top of our lungs, ‘We won! We just won!’” Hunter Biden’s memoir sheds more light on the unrestricted access he had to the place where some of America’s secrets were kept — even when he was high on drugs, negotiating sketchy overseas business deals, and under federal investigation. The White House revealed on Jan. 9 that a set of classified documents reportedly containing top-secret information on Ukraine, Iran, and the United Kingdom had been discovered by the 80-year-old president’s personal lawyers at the Penn Biden Center think tank in Washington. Later in the week, the White House admitted that more secret papers were found in the garage and personal library of the president at his Wilmington home. Photographs from 2017 obtained from Hunter Biden’s abandoned laptop show the president’s son in the driver’s seat of his father’s 1967 Chevrolet Corvette Stingray convertible, which the president says was kept in a “locked garage” alongside classified documents from his time as vice president. “Classified materials next to your Corvette? What were you thinking?” Fox News reporter Peter Doocy asked Biden last week. “My Corvette is in a locked garage, OK? So it’s not like they’re sitting out on the street,” Biden replied, seeming to brush off the significance of the discovery. “So it was in a locked garage?” Doocy persisted. “Yes, as well as my Corvette,” Biden claimed. The White House has denied that visitor logs for the president’s Delaware home exist as the media and House Oversight Committee Chairman Rep. James Comer (R-Ky.) seek to obtain more information on who may have access to the classified material in Wilmington. However, the Secret Service admitted Thursday that it does have information on visitors to Biden’s residence during the time he kept sensitive records in the home. Fox News quoted an unnamed source Thursday as promising that “the Secret Service is prepared to provide available background information on vetted guests to Biden’s residence if requested by Congress.”