Whoopsie! Whoopi Goldberg slammed an audience member of “The View” Wednesday after they heckled the always controversial host — by calling her an “old broad” on live television. The drama unfolded at the very beginning of the show. All the hosts came out to take their seats to a “very happy” audience when one particularly enthusiastic member shouted at the Oscar-winning actress, Entertainment Weekly first reported. “Did you just call me an ‘old broad’? Yeah,” the 67-year-old show moderator snapped in response to the on-air critique. “She said, ‘You old broad,’ and I was like, ‘Hey, it’s Wednesday, and I am an old broad, and happy about it.’ “ The camera then cut to a woman in a large fur hat who nodded in acknowledgment. It was then that Goldberg’s equally outspoken co-host, Sunny Hostin, 54, reminded her that being an “old broad” is far better than the alternative. “The alternative is not attractive to any of us,” said Goldberg. “We all want to be old broads and old dudes, you know?” The fur-capped woman later became a focal point for the cameraman throughout the show. Goldberg has recently been the subject of several hot topics including repeating the Holocaust slur that got her suspended from the TV show. “Recently while doing press in London, I was asked about my comments from earlier this year. I tried to convey to the reporter what I had said and why, and attempted to recount that time,” said Goldberg in her most recent apology. “It was never my intention to appear as if I was doubling down on hurtful comments, especially after talking with and hearing people like rabbis and old and new friends weighing in. “I’m still learning a lot, and believe me, I heard everything everyone said to me. I believe that the Holocaust was about race, and I am still as sorry now as I was then that I upset, hurt and angered people,” the actress continued. “My sincere apologies again, especially to everyone who thought this was a fresh rehash of the subject. I promise it was not.”