Telecom billionaire Carlos Slim, Mexico’s wealthiest man and the former richest man in the world, has re-listed his palatial New York City townhouse for a whopping $80 million, according to a jaw-dropping StreetEasy listing update. Located at 1009 Fifth Ave. on Manhattan’s Upper East Side, Slim — otherwise known as Carlos Slim Helú — previously listed the 20,000-square-foot property for the same price in 2015. At the time, that $80 million ask was a record price in the city — and today, it’s the priciest townhouse for sale across the city, according to StreetEasy data. Moreover, if the property sells for that princely eight-figure sum, it would break a record for the most expensive townhouse ever sold in the Big Apple. (The current record holder, according to StreetEasy data, belongs to Vincent Viola’s $59 million sale of 12 E. 69th St. in 2021.) Its mere size, massive for New York standards, is also nothing to sniff at. StreetEasy also shows it’s the largest townhouse for sale across the boroughs. Slim, whose net worth is currently $90.7 billion, purchased the limestone and red-brick mansion from the now-late Russian oil titan Tamir Sapir in 2010 for $44 million. Known as the Benjamin N. Duke House, it has been described as “the rarest opportunity to acquire a piece of history and make a bold statement in your portfolio.” Built between 1899 and 1901, it was designed by the firm of Welch, Smith & Provot in the Italian Renaissance Palazzo style, and is considered one of the last remnants of the luxe mansions along Fifth Avenue facing Central Park that remain in private hands, the listing notes. Spanning 27 feet along Fifth Avenue — and a grand 100 feet along 82nd Street — the interiors feature marble fireplaces and ornate moldings throughout, a grand staircase that climbs up through five levels, and a skylight on the top floor. The terrace and rooftop provide panoramic views of Central Park and the city skyline. “The building can be reimagined as a private residence or converted into a gallery, store, museum, or foundation given its prime location across the Met Museum,” the listing adds. Jorge Lopez with Compass holds the listing — and declined to comment. The business magnate, investor, and philanthropist Slim and his family control América Móvil, Latin America’s biggest mobile telecom firm. He is a self-made man, the son of Catholic Lebanese parents who immigrated to Mexico. He studied Civil Engineering at the National Autonomous University of Mexico (known by its Spanish acronym UNAM) School of Engineering. This listing comes at a time when Gilded Age mansions — themselves a rare breed — are back at the forefront in New York’s residential market. In late 2022, the successor states of the former Yugoslavia sold a Fifth Avenue mansion for $50 million in an all-cash deal.