All hail Shakira—the multitalented apex Aquarius and global phenomenon with the truth telling hips and jam jar sleuthing skills. Fresh off a split from soccer star Gerard Pique and amid new revelations about his infidelity, the icon is firing back with her shade heavy anthem “BZRP Music Sessions #53” which includes references to her ex and the translated declaration that a, “she-wolf like me is not for rookies.” Preach baby, preach and batter up to the pros that deserve you. With a list of hits, stunning looks, fiery fashion and of course iconic choreography , the megastar has coveted a niche in global entertainment that few others can compare to. Having been lifted up as a legacy artist with her performance at the Superbowl, the pop goddess is set to bring even more firepower in the years to come. True to the future focused energy of her sun sign, our girl has much to look forward to and even more to leave behind her. With a new banger on the charts, a move to Miami on the horizon and an expected deluge of hot dude suitors awaiting, the best is yet to come for our queen. So what makes her such a powerhouse? Shakira was born on February 2, 1977. This makes her a bold Aquarius Sun with a sensitive Cancer Moon. Her birth time hasn’t been confirmed anywhere online, so until she and I cross paths, we will focus on what we do know. When looking at the elemental energy that runs through her birth chart, we can see that she is heavily composed of Earth and Fire. This is what gives her such immense passion and charisma—and she has the strength and perseverance to channel her firepower into goals and tangible results. When analyzing key themes in her birth chart, we can take a peek into her astrological aspects. Above and beyond, we can see right off the bat how she has the focus and concentration to surmount any obstacle and stand in her power. Her Sun, ruling her life force, makes connections to all of the outer planets. In astrology, the outer planets are known as social planets and bring major effects to one’s reality. Shakira’s Sun stands opposite Saturn exactly, meaning that she is tremendously ambitious and was meant to make her mark on the world. She is strong-willed and focused, never willing to settle.  Her Sun then links to Uranus, making her eccentric and unconventional—a true rebel who is original and independent in every way. She thrives on freedom and cannot be contained. Her Sun then kisses Neptune, which brings her an ethereal, almost otherworldly quality that captivates others. She can fluidly change her mystique depending on how she wants people—or nations, for that matter—to see her. She’s a visionary creative and knows how to enchant those with her body, mind and words. Her Sun then dances with Pluto, bringing her immense willpower to be recognized and admired. She can dominate others easily and is tremendously intense in her life and all of her relationships.  Her Sun then reaches out to Jupiter, which brings her glorious fortune, wealth and favor—as well as allows her to exude a joyous, courageous and loyal nature at all times. Her Moon, ruling her inner life, also connects with many planets, which shows that her emotions are prominent for her, too.  Her Moon stands opposite Mars exactly, which means that she thrives on personal independence and will rebel if her feelings are triggered. Luckily, her Moon shakes hands with Jupiter, which ultimately makes her quite social, honorable and friendly. Her Moon then shimmers with Venus, bringing her artistry and refinement. Last to note, further emphasizing her ambition and glory, is that she has even more astrological aspects that show she was meant to be involved in music on the world’s stage. Her Saturn links perfectly to Neptune, bringing her victory in a creative and musical career. Her Neptune then links with Pluto, bringing her further power and the ability to leave a legacy and help many people through her guidance, influence and art. Born February 2, 1987 soccer star Gerard Piqué is a fellow Aquarius and Shakira’s birthday twin! While twinning sounds like the makes for common ground, in astrology it ain’t so easy. What went sideways between these two? For starters, Aquarius is a fixed sign and as such natives aren’t big on compromise or apology, when they agree its golden and when they don’t it’s a serious stalemate. In terms of lunar energy, Piqué’s moon in Aries squares Shakira’s moon in Cancer, a challenging aspect that lends itself to intense attraction and usually some kind of intense transformation through trauma action for both parties, just ask square moon exes Pamela Anderson and Tommy Lee and Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth. Moon in Aries folk like Piqué embody the warrior archetype which makes them great at sports and difficult in relationships. They crave conflict and when they aren’t actively challenged by the external world, they create chaos in their inner sanctums. By contrast, Shakira’s moon is at home in maternal Cancer. Nesters, care takers and fierce protectors of the home and family unit, Cancer moons go all in on love sometimes sacrificing themselves in their pursuit of a domestic ideal. We see this pattern in Shakira and Piqué’s relationship with Shakira admitting she put family, and Piqué’s career before her own. “I knew that my constant travel and nomadic existence had to be put on the back burner and my career had to be put in second gear, I had to settle down, plant roots in Barcelona and be there for…Gerard.” SMH. Real talk, getting cheated on sucks, being a Cancer moon who finds out that the other woman was eating your artisanal jam and cavorting with your husband IN THE HOME YOU PROBABLY PAID FOR is a whole different level of betrayal. Luckily for Shakira, her moon opposite Mars lends itself to thriving solo and she was all but made to transmute her suffering into song. Big ups to getting paid for that pain and making that two bit ball player RUE the day. When you’re already one of the most famous and followed celebrities in the world, how can you ask for more? Well, Shakira is about to see even more exciting new beginnings. This is because she has actually been going through some significant learning curves. Saturn, the planet of life lessons and karma, has been orbiting in the degrees of her zodiac sign since March 2020. It will leave Aquarius behind in March 2023, not to return for nearly three decades. This shows that she’s been experiencing a time of shedding and letting go, as well as laying down new roots personally and professionally that will grow as significant patterns in the thirty years to come. Also, Jupiter, the planet of miracles, is dancing sweetly within her chart in the summer and autumn of 2022, helping her to feel renewed light and fortune. She’ll find that the end of 2022 is rather introspective, as she fine-tunes her vision for the things she wants, but happily, Jupiter will ignite her significantly in 2023 once again. We can certainly expect many exciting new projects, music and plans for her during that time. Also, she will be experiencing a Jupiter return in 2024. During that time, she will hit a whole new level of personal happiness and fulfillment that helps her to achieve even more of her heart’s greatest hopes and dreams. Keep soaring, goddess. You heard it here first. Astrology 101: Your guide to the stars Kyle Thomas is a globally recognized pop culture astrologer who has been featured in “Access Hollywood,” E! Entertainment, NBC & ABC television, Cosmopolitan Magazine, Hulu, Bustle, Elite Daily, Marie Claire and more. He is known for his cosmic guidance for celebrities, business executives and prominent influencers. His work harnesses the power of the stars in regards to entertainment lifestyle and trends affecting people worldwide. For more information, visit KyleThomasAstrology.com. Astrologer Reda Wigle researches and irreverently reports back on planetary configurations and their effect on each zodiac sign. Her horoscopes integrate history, poetry, pop culture and personal experience. She is also an accomplished writer who has profiled a variety of artists and performers, as well as extensively chronicled her experiences while traveling. Among the many intriguing topics she has tackled are cemetery etiquette, her love for dive bars, Cuban Airbnbs, a “girls guide” to strip clubs and the “weirdest” foods available abroad.