To this brazen brunette, receiving a wedding invite can be a major slight. Mom of three Lanette Rincon has warned both close and estranged friends not to invite her to watershed fêtes if they aren’t regularly including her in more mundane activities like movie nights and coffee runs. She suspects that an invitation to a landmark moment, such as nuptials or a baby shower, rather than an everyday excursion, is solely for the sake of receiving a gift. “Do not invite me to baby showers, weddings, [or] housewarming parties if you don’t invite me to movie nights, girls night out, dinner, coffee dates [or] lunch,” barked Rincon, 30, from Colorado, in her trending TikTok bulletin, which garnered over 1.5 million views. “It is extremely offensive to presume that somebody wants to spend money on your life milestones without including them [in] your life’s professions,” she snapped. “Period!” And her social media sycophants, too, are sick of folks desiring their presence only at important events that command a pricey present. “Funny how I only get invited when my presence requires that I bring a gift,” agreed a skeptical commenter. “I couldn’t have said this better! I feel this so deeply on so many levels,” another praised among a deluge of equally approving remarks such as “Preach” and “Love this” from burned-out viewers. “I agree,” said another woman. “I don’t go to baby showers anymore, and I’m not going to be a bridesmaid again.” However, less understanding watchers blasted Rincon for expecting friends and family to include everyone in everything. “This makes no sense. Imagine having a movie night and having to invite everyone you would invite to your wedding. What a fiasco,” scolded a contrarian. “So are you suppose to invite all your family & friends to every night out with a friend, dinners, clubbing?” questioned another. “There are cousins [and other people that] you grow up with but don’t often see because of life stuff. But invites to those events are welcomed,” another noted. In response to the backlash, Rincon created a subsequent clip to further explain her hot-button position. “If you are posting on social media … having your girls nights, having movie nights, going out to dinner or doing basic life things, but you never take the time to invite me, why would you invite me to your bay shower or wedding?” she asked. “Probably because it has to do with [the presumption that] you’re going to get a gift, or it’s all for show [so you can say], ‘Oh, I had 300 people at my wedding,’” Rincon continued. “Like I’m just another number, you could give a s- -t less if I’m there or not.” “I want to be involved in your everyday life … so that I feel more important when I do go to those milestone [events],” she claimed.