Two cheers for Gov. Kathy Hochul’s sudden discovery of surging crime — though that could drop to one cheer, or none, if she lets the Legislature steamroll her again. On Tuesday, Hochul finally came out against stripping cops of their “qualified immunity” from lawsuits that target them personally. Thank goodness: Progressives are pushing to scrap that protection statewide (the city already eliminated much of it in 2021), yet the last thing cops need is fresh reason to refrain from aggressively enforcing the law — or becoming cops here in the first place. Instead, Hochul wants to improve attitudes toward police, who “deserve more respect than they’ve been getting the last few years.” Hear, hear! She’s also pushing to remove the requirement that judges impose the “least restrictive” restraint on defendants pretrial, which some interpret as meaning they shouldn’t remand suspects even where the law otherwise clearly allows it, and to allow more judicial latitude on setting bail for more-serious crimes. She also wants more funding for prosecutors statewide to handle the huge “discovery” burdens passed in 2019, rules that are forcing DAs across the state to simply drop many charges to focus only on the worst crimes. She named those relatively minor fixes in her State of the State, insisting public safety is her “top priority.” But the Legislature’s already shown its colors by nixing her nominee for chief judge simply because he was once a prosecutor. November’s election and repeated polls prove that New Yorkers are desperate for meaningful action on crime. But lawmakers don’t care. And Hochul hasn’t said boo about other major criminal-justice problems, like the Raise the Age law, which — as NYPD Assistant Commissioner Kevin O’Connor told The Post Wednesday — is fueling a spike in teen violence. “We’re not even giving [teens] a little timeout,” thanks to Raise the Age, O’Connor sighs. Or curbing recidivism, particularly among shoplifters, which Mayor Eric Adams deplored Wednesday. Or letting judges consider a defendant’s “dangerousness” — i.e., his threat to public safety — when setting bail, as every other state allows. Or actually fixing prosecutors’ rules on evidence: As a Manhattan Institute study found, the tougher 2019 measures have coincided with “a devastating rise in crime and a drop in arrests,” with fewer cases even reaching a grand jury. With the Legislature proving so hostile, Hochul should consider going big: Demand more than the modest tweaks she’s demanded so far. She’ll have to go to the mat and fight like hell — weaponizing her budget powers, if need be — to get anything. She’s better off demanding major improvements on multiple fronts if she hopes to get enough to actually bring a real turnaround on crime.