Our NFL betting writer offers his best betting picks and predictions for the matchup between the Titans and Jaguars scheduled in Jacksonville for Saturday at 8:15 p.m. ET on ESPN/ABC.The winner claims the AFC South and is headed to the playoffs. Jacksonville enters on a four-game winning streak while Tennessee is mired in a six-game slide. Trevor Lawrence has emerged as a force in his second NFL season and is primed to lead the Jaguars to the postseason. Meanwhile, the Titans are hoping Joshua Dobbs — making his second NFL start — can put together a performance for the ages. Jacksonville wasn’t looking like a possible playoff team when it lost by 26 points to the Detroit Lions the first weekend in December. But the Jaguars responded with four straight victories — one a 36-22 win over the Titans — and are looking to crash the postseason in Doug Pederson’s first season as a coach.All that turmoil and nonsense under former coach Urban Meyer in 2021 suddenly feels a decade ago as Jacksonville has been transformed into a solid squad. The Jaguars outscored the New York Jets and Houston Texans 50-6 combined while posting must-win contests the last two weeks. Meanwhile, the Titans lost to the Texans and the NFL’s most injured team starts Josh Dobbs, who has been on the roster less than three weeks.Quarterback Trevor Lawrence is growing under Pederson and his leadership is just as solid as his passing arm. Lawrence has passed for 3,901 yards, 24 touchdowns and eight interceptions, while linebacker Foyesade Oluokun (171 tackles) is aiming to lead the NFL in stops for the second straight season.Titans vs. Jaguars pick: Jaguars to cover -6 @ -110 via Caesars Sportsbook Quarterback Joshua Dobbs was signed from the Detroit Lions practice squad on Dec. 21 and he now rates as Tennessee’s top option per making the playoffs. He made his first career start on Dec. 29 in a 27-13 loss to the Dallas Cowboys and completed 20 of 39 passes for 232 yards, one touchdown and one interception.The Titans lost starter Ryan Tannehill (ankle) for the season and rookie Malik Willis, a third-round pick, displayed he wasn’t ready to produce at this level. Those developments led to the acquisition of Dobbs, who is in his sixth NFL season.Tennessee had defeated Jacksonville in nine of 10 meetings before last month’s loss. Now the Titans badly need a victory as they look to claim a playoff spot for the fourth straight season and fifth in six campaigns.Tennessee will need the combination of running back Derrick Henry and its defense to come up big in this contest. We see points at a premium and this contest going below the projected total.Titans vs. Jaguars pick: Under 40 total points @ -110 via Caesars Sportsbook Henry sat out the Dallas game due to a hip injury and Dobbs will surely be glad to hand him the ball. The Titans figure to give Henry a high amount of carries early while trying to keep away from third-and-long situations.Henry had a 121-yard outing against the Jaguars last month and ranks third in the NFL with 1,429 rushing yards. He has eight 100-yard outings, topped by a 219-yard effort against the Houston Texas on Oct. 30.But Henry also had been held below 40 yards three times. Since he’s not operating at full strength, we see Henry finishing with about 70 rushing yards and falling short of the projection.Titans vs. Jaguars pick: Derrick Henry to rush for fewer than 92.5 rushing yards @ -117 via Caesars Sportsbook Odds courtesy of Caesars Sportsbook. Correct at time of publishing and subject to change. 