Jamie Lee Curtis says her dream of meeting Princess Diana went down the toilet. In a new episode of Apple Fitness+’s “Time To Walk,” the Hollywood actress says she was in the bathroom peeing when the princess came to visit the London set of her flick “Fierce Creatures” in 1995. “We had been told that day that Princess Diana and her children [William and Harry] were going to come visit,” the “Freaky Friday” star, 64, recalled. “We shot all morning, and when we took a tea break, for me, it was a pee break. I jumped in a golf cart and drove the two miles back to the dressing room.” Curtis continued: “I’m in my dressing room peeing when there was a pounding on the door, ‘Princess Diana is here.’ “ Sadly, by the time the actress emerged for the meet-and-greet, Diana and her sons were already leaving the set, and it was inappropriate to yell or run after them. Despite not meeting Diana in person, the “Halloween” star penned a letter to the royal and sent it straight to Kensington Palace. “It said, ‘I’m so sorry we didn’t get to meet. I was very much looking forward to it as I admire you greatly. Unfortunately, nature called, and they don’t give me many breaks, so I chose nature over you, not knowing that you were going to arrive right at that moment,” Curtis said she wrote. “I’m so sorry and just think you’re great. My best wishes, Jamie.’ “ The next day, the star was stunned when she received a response from the Princess of Wales. “I got a letter delivered from Kensington Palace from Her Royal Highness Princess Diana,” the actress enthused. “[It said] ‘I’m so sorry I didn’t get to meet you, also. I admire you, and I totally understand when nature calls — of course you should choose that. I hope that we will have an opportunity in our lives to meet. Best wishes always.’ “ Curtis described the letter as “beautiful” and stated that she still has it in her possession. Diana was killed in a car crash two years after her visit to the set of “Fierce Creatures,” and Curtis never met the princess. However, Curtis said she always thinks of the late royal when she reads the preface to the book “The Path to Insight Meditation,” which states: “When people have tried to live mindfully, at the time of their death, they ask themselves two questions: Did I learn to live wisely? And did I love well?” Curtis said she believes Diana lived a full and meaningful life despite her untimely death at the age of 36 in 1997. “I realized that, if this book was correct, that meant whether or not it [Diana’s life] was cut terribly short, her life was complete. And on that tragic day, those questions became the questions of my daily life,” the star declared. “I don’t go to bed at night without asking those questions.” “There isn’t a day that goes by that I don’t think about it,” she said of those questions. “That has become the framework of my life.”