It was a case of bedhead redemption. A man garnered guffaws galore on TikTok after filming the hilarious moment his sister got her head stuck in a bed. A video of the bedhead “getting framed” was uploaded on Christmas, but is currently going viral on TikTok, where it boasts more than 93,000 views. “I eventually got tired of her asking me to help her and in the end was shocked to see she ended up in that situation,” Matt Galindo, 30, told NeedToKnow.Online. His sister Rebecca Galindo had reportedly gotten herself into the predicament while trying to retrieve her son’s pacifier from behind the sleep sack. “My sister Rebecca was laying in bed with my nephew who is 22 months old, his pacifier fell behind the bed and that is when Rebecca reached behind to get it and got her head stuck,” Matt described. In other words, she literally couldn’t get out of bed. In the ensuing claustrophobic footage, the mother can be seen with her noodle wedged sideways between the bars of the frame as if caught in medieval stocks. “Turn your head,” a bemused Matt advises while his sis tries in vain to wriggle free from her plush prison. Rebecca replies, “It’s not fitting, my head is throbbing.” At one point, he even tries to pull his sister’s head away from the “sleeper-hold” but to no avail as she erupts into giggles over her ridiculous predicament. “I just want out of here,” the beleaguered gal moans following multiple unsuccessful escape attempts. After what seems like an eternity, Rebecca’s family finally manages to yank her free of the frame, before collapsing into laughter. “We are a family of jokesters so we were all just laughing at her,” said Matt, who admitted he wasn’t really paying attention as he was playing a game. The TikTok commentariat were similarly amused by the woman’s several-minute stint behind bars. “Hell with 911. Imma record this,” quipped one viewer of the brother’s reaction, while another wrote, “this is awesome and wins best video ever all day every day lmfaoooo.” “Lmao glad you didn’t have to call the fire department,” wrote another commenter. One even compared the incident to the iconic scene from the 1990s sitcom “Martin” in which Gina (Tisha Campbell) gets her head stuck in the headboard while making love to Martin (Martin Lawrence). This isn’t the first time someone has gotten stuck in an unlikely place. Last month, a 4-year-old girl got stuck inside a claw machine while attempting to raid its teddy bear cache.