Josh Allen won’t tolerate “stupid” conspiracy theories about Damar Hamlin. The Bills quarterback shut down speculation that Hamlin didn’t actually attend their Divisional Round playoff game against the Bengals at Highmark Stadium on Sunday following bizarre rumors that a body double posed as Hamlin. “Yeah, that’s stupid,” Allen said during an appearance on the “Kyle Brandt’s Basement” podcast on Tuesday. “…One, that’s Damar’s swag… he likes wearing that. Two, he was in the locker room with us pregame. “So yes that was Damar. There’s absolutely zero chance, there is absolutely zero chance. He’s Damar Hamlin. That’s our guy. That’s our brother. He was with us — pregame, postgame. He was up in the suite with his family, his little brother, 100 percent. So people need to stop that s–t.” Allen was visibly frustrated by speculation around Hamlin’s return to Highmark Stadium, nearly three weeks after the Bills safety suffered cardiac arrest on the field in Week 18 against the Bengals. Some people ran with conspiracy theories that it was not Hamlin who was featured on the CBS broadcast and in videos on the Bills’ Twitter account due to the 24-year-old’s face being covered with sunglasses, a hood and a mask. Critics also noted that Hamlin’s face was not visible in a grainy snow-covered camera shot by CBS that showed him making his signature heart-shape symbol with his hands. Hamlin showed up to the game in a red, white and blue puffer jacket and a sweatsuit with his “Chasing Millions” logo on it — which is the name of his charity foundation that received millions in donations after his injury on Jan. 2. Hamlin joined his family, including his mother and 7-year-old brother Damir Hamlin, in a private suite to watch the game after he was escorted to the back hallways of the stadium in a team security vehicle. “Thankful for all the GENUINE love, thoughts & prayers from all across the world.. y’all will hear from me soon!” Hamlin tweeted Tuesday. That came after Hamlin seemingly responded to the situation on Monday, when he took to Twitter to share a photo of himself with his hood on while standing alongside a mural of himself with the caption, “Clone.” Hamlin was discharged from a Buffalo hospital on Jan. 11, following a week-long stay at the University of Cincinnati Medical Center, where he was in critical condition and on a ventilator. The second-year safety, who is on injured reserve, has a long road to recovery. Hamlin requires the use of oxygen and having his heart monitored regularly, according to his longtime friend and business partner, Jordon Rooney.