National Bagel Day arrives on January 15 and as we are all imperfect circles harboring unfillable emotional holes there is perhaps no greater metaphor for the human condition than the humble bagel. According to Maria Balinska, author of “The Bagel: The Surprising History of a Modest Bread,” the origin of the bagel is hard to pinpoint as round bread has a place in many cultures. But, the first written record of the bagel dates to Krakow, Poland in the year of our yeast 1610. Community regulations decreed that bagels were to be gifted to women after childbirth because let’s face it,  bread beats a robe and an episiotimy scar any day, folks. Just as challah is baked and consumed during Rosh Hashanah in hope for a full year to come, the birth bagel symbolized a healthy delivery and a long life ahead. In addition to bringing babies forth, the shape of the humble bagel led some Medieval consumers to believe they contained magical powers, a credence shared by me and anyone else who has ever eaten a bagel breakfast sandwich while nursing a violent whiskey hangover. Americans owe their love of the hallowed bagel to Jewish immigrants who brought the bread to the continent at the turn of the twentieth century. This community went on to form the famed Bagel Bakers Local 338, a trade union that established production standards and fair wages for the workmen that boiled, hand crafted and faithfully baked bagels in New York City. 338 controlled the bagel market for decades until the advent, and some would argue assault of, machine made bagels in the 1960’s. Today bagels are made and sold in varying degrees of quality, fresh and frozen around the world. The fuel of the people, the bagel is a beloved morning (and hangover) staple available in myriad flavors and because there is an ice cream, a dessert, a cookie and a Halloween candy for each zodiac sign, god***n it so too is there a bagel varietal. Read on and schmear lavishly. Garlic is associated with Mars, the Roman god of war and the planetary ruler of Aries. Like the fire breathing first sign in the zodiac, garlic is unconcerned with being offensive.  Aries folk routinely and gleefully burn road blocks and bridges while garlic is known to burn through a stuffy nose and a sluggish digestive system. There’s fine line and a few belt notches between glutton and gourmand and Taurus habitually pushes both. So too does the gilded lily, cheese on carb marriage of asiago cheese and plain bagel. Add a quarter inch of cream cheese to the mix, or slice as it were, and you have the ‘more is more’ bagel embodiment of the Taurus spirit Gemini and Libra tie for the most indecisive sign in the zodiac and the cinnamon raisin bagel makes it so you don’t have to choose between sweet and savory. This is a polarizing flavor but so too is Gemini a polarizing sign, not for everyone but just right for some. Cancer is the blueberry bagel of the zodiac as they’re the sign considerate enough to go last when picking their pastry from the office breakfast pile. This leaves them righteous and resentful with only the lonely blueberry bagel for company and the disappointing knowledge that no one cares about their feelings. Ruling the fifth house of creativity and revelry, Leo is a party in a box and so too is the sales sentiment of the bagel bite which may or may not contain real cheese. A bastardization of the arts of both bagel and pizza this snack speaks to the inner child that Leo never stops listening to. Virgo rules the sixth house of bodily health, daily routines and the digestive system. These people are to varying degrees neurotic or fanatical about their health, eating dirt for undiluted iron and seeking out pure artesian wells when traveling. Enter the pumpernickel bagel; made with rye flour and sourdough starter, pumpernickel contains lower carbohydrates and more fiber than its less dense and dark counterparts. Virgos believe they are better than their competition and this bagel actually is. Libra is the sign of partnership, defined by who and what it interacts with or is activated by. Wildly popular if a bit uninspired, the plain bagel is much like the average Libra a perfect canvas on which to project ideas, blame, international policy, lox, egg or flavored cream cheese. If Scorpio were an illicit drug it would for sure be dark, sticky, sweet smelling, den dwelling, dragon chasing opium. In kind, the poppy seed bagel, which often contains enough opiate residue to make you piss hot on a drug test, is the closest these carbohydrate contenders come to real deal junk. Much like the sesame seed bagel, Sagittarius folk are vaguely nutty with a vibe that recalls long distance travel. The seeds are prone to stick in the teeth which fortunately for archers (and those that consort with them) renders them unable to shoot off at the mouth. Salt bagels are consistently ranked as the least popular bagel, consequently making them among the rarest. Along these same lines, Capricorn is the rarest zodiac sign and natives don’t give a single f**k about winning a popularity contest. They are here for power and any history geek worth their weight in, you guessed it, salt, can tell you empires have long been made and unmade by the price and properties of salt. A marriage of tradition and innovation, interesting if not appetizing and boasting a cult following, the infamous rainbow bagel is absolutely in line with Aquarius energy. Ever the inventor and never the follower, the OG psychedelic starch monsters NYC’s The Bagel Store launched a legion of imitators before closing due to some combination of tax fraud and health issues. Gone but not forgotten. Pisces is the last sign in the zodiac and as such represents the accumulated energy of all the signs that came before it. Pisces is my pick for everything based on its presence in the seminal 2022 film “Everything Everywhere All at Once,” wherein the super villainess explains, “I got bored one day, then I put everything in a bagel… everything. All my hopes and dreams, my old report cards, every breed of dog, every personal ad on Craigslist, sesame, poppy seed, salt, and it collapsed in on itself. ‘Cause you see, when you really put everything on a bagel, it becomes this… the truth….nothing matters.” Nihilistic noshing? Very, very Pisces. Astrology 101: Your guide to the stars Astrologer Reda Wigle researches and irreverently reports back on planetary configurations and their effect on each zodiac sign. Her horoscopes integrate history, poetry, pop culture and personal experience. She is also an accomplished writer who has profiled a variety of artists and performers, as well as extensively chronicled her experiences while traveling. Among the many intriguing topics she has tackled are cemetery etiquette, her love for dive bars, Cuban Airbnbs, a “girls guide” to strip clubs and the “weirdest” foods available abroad.