What’s the first word you think of when you think of J. Crew? “Preppy”? “Peacoat”? “Tweed”? Or Maybe an entire phrase, like “handsome plaid patterns” or “spiffy striped shirt,” comes to mind? Well, out with the old, in with the new. Try this one on for size: “Epic.” J. Crew’s Long Weekend, Epic Sale is on, offering discounts on top of discounts on last-chance styles with code EPIC. And when they say capital-e Epic, they aren’t joking. They’re adding an extra 60% off of their clearance rack. In the mood for a $230 bestselling dress for under $75? How about over $200 off a men’s peacoat to get you through the winter? In our roundup below, you’ll find both of those deals and more. For our brief list, we selected five of our favorite bestsellers from women’s super clearance and five from men’s. The prices on these jeans, jackets, puffers, shackets, accessories and more have never been lower, so nab them while you still can. Read on, click through, and get epic. Enjoy almost $100 off this pair of hip, durable High-Rise Full-Length ’90s Classic Straight Jeans, and add a little throwback flair to your wardrobe. Evidently, the ’90s are back, and you’ve been presented with an opportunity to look like Liz Phair for over 60% off the list price. Choose wisely. Jackie O’s calling. She wants her dress back, but in a good way. This Velvet Jeweled Button-Front Mini Dress is a whopping $155 off, enough to buy yourself two more Velvet Jeweled Button-Front Mini Dresses. Just an idea. Add a little glitter to your next outfit with J Crew’s Crystal Embellished Sweater Shell made from Supersoft Yarn, priced down nearly $90 for J Crew’s Epic Sale. It’s layering season, after all. When the winter temps make you want to curl up into a ball and sleep until April, there’s J. Crew’s Cocoon Sweater Blazer, marked down over $100 this long weekend. On colder days, it’ll go great over a sweater and would also look lovely over a t-shirt when it’s a little warmer. Unfortunately, winter is still upon us for at least a few months. On the bright side, you can grab this New Chateau Puffer Coat in Liberty Toutouayette fabric for over $300 off the list price. 2023 may be the year of the Shacket. Not quite shirt, not quite jacket, this Sherpa-Lined Corduroy Shirt-Jacket is the perfect item for days when the weather seems unpredictable. And at over $100, it’s the perfect price, too. You don’t need to own a car to pop on a pair of driving gloves (though, if you do, it certainly doesn’t hurt). These Cashmere-Lined Suede Gloves would’ve made the perfect stocking stuffer at just $31, but you can always say Santa dropped them off late. Simple, handsome, and $16. Does it get much better than that? J. Crew’s Slim Secret Wash Cotton Poplin Shirt, available in 16 different plaid, gingham, and tartan patterns, is a steal at over $60 off. Grab a couple while you’re at it. Your new Slim Secret Wash Cotton Poplin Shirt will look great with this bestselling Mixed Braided Leather Belt, marked down to just $22 from a $70 list price, perfect for more casual outings. Last but not least, we have the Dock Peacoat from J. Crew, marked down a whopping $237 off (to be exact) to just $111. Ride winter out in comfort and style with this gray peacoat, lined with patented PrimaLoft insulation. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.  