For seven days in late April and early May, New Orleans will be the music capital of the world. That’s right, from April 28 through May 7, many of the biggest names in music are touching down in the Big Easy for the star-studded 2023 New Orleans Jazz Festival. Leading the way are Dead and Company with John Mayer, Ed Sheeran, Lizzo, Santana and The Lumineers. You want more, you say? OK, here goes. Mumford and Sons, Jill Scott, Jon Batiste, H.E.R. and Robert Plant with Alison Krauss will be there too. Still not enough? Well, should you attend the annual extravaganza this year, you’ll also get to see Steve Miller Band, Trombone Shorty, Gary Clark Jr., Tedeschi Trucks Band, Kane Brown and so many more. Seriously, we’ve barely scratched the surface. We’d argue that there is so much talent to go around at the Jazz Festival, that it will be difficult for fans to decide who to see when. Amazingly, you can somehow still snatch up tickets to the musical event of the year. At the time of publication, we found first weekend passes going for $253 before fees on Vivid Seats. Second weekend passes start at $333 before fees. Want to go for just a day? Single-day passes can be found here. All prices are subject to fluctuation. In total, over 100 acts are set to perform at this year’s multi-weekend festival.  As advertised, there truly are an unbelievable amount of exciting acts headed to the French Quarter in late April and early May for this year’s Jazz Festival. We’re also big fans of Kenny Loggins, Leon Bridges, Jazmine Sullivan, Ludacris and The Wu-Tang Clan. We could go all day. Herbie Hancock, Mavis Staples, Ne-Yo, Irma Thomas, 86-year-old Buddy Guy… Rather than list them all for you, we recommend checking out the Festival’s official 2023 lineup announcement below.  While no festival is quite as sprawling as this year’s Jazz Festival, there are many to be excited about in the next few months. Take a look — here are just five of our favorite multi-day extravaganzas along with their biggest headliners. Still not enough music for you? Honestly, same. Check out our list of the 52 biggest concert tours in 2023 if you still need a fix.