He still wants to play the field. Bachelor Zach Shallcross has a future gig in mind now that he’s done dating 30 women — football commentator. “That’s like the dream job,” he told The Post. “I would love to, if I get an opportunity. I’d give it a shot.” The former offensive lineman at California Polytechnic State University said he’s even expressed TV job envy to “Bachelor” host Jesse Palmer. “I tell Jesse all the time, he’s living the dream,” said Shallcross, 26, whose “Bachelor” season premieres on Jan. 23. The cloud tech sales exec was chosen as the dating show’s leading man after competing on “The Bachelorette” in 2022. Although he was one of Bachelorette Rachel Recchia’s final three suitors, Shallcross left the show after confronting her about her authenticity. The California native said he will most likely forgo the Super Bowl to do press for the ABC series — but did reveal the team he hopes will go all the way. “I would actually like to see the Bills be in the Super Bowl,” he said. Although football is a big part of his life, he said it’s not a deal breaker if the woman he dates is not a fan. “I don’t think you need to know about football,” he explained. “I think what’s important is you know and understand my love for it.” Because of his genuine commitment to finding true love on the reality-dating franchise, ABC dubbed Shallcross “Mr. Right Reasons” — and his father turned the moniker into a dad joke. “Whenever I see him, he’s like, ‘Hey, do you know what season it is?'” Shallcross explained. “I’m like, ‘What?’ He’s like, ‘It’s the season for Mr. Right Reasons.’ And he thinks it’s the funniest thing in the world.” During his time on “The Bachelorette,” Shallcross lived in the Bachelor Mansion and dished on one luxe amenity there. “The most stocked fridge of all time … just stocked with every meat, candy, everything,” he said. “A lot of salmon. Gained a few l-bs for sure.” Shallcross is dedicated to staying in shape, and upon his graduation from Cal Poly in 2019, lost 85 pounds. “I didn’t need [the weight] … I wasn’t pushing around people on the football field anymore.” His slimdown couldn’t have come at a better time because he estimates taking his shirt off 10 times during his “Bachelor” stint. He shed the weight by eating cleaner and working out, but still admits to sneaking in a cheat meal every once in a while. “I love a burger, big cheeseburger guy,” he said. He also got a taste of the Big Apple during his “Bachelor” run. Four of the women vying for his heart hailed from New York — two from the city, one from Long Island and another from Rochester — and he had this observation about girls from the City that Never Sleeps. “They know how to have a good time, I’ll say that,” he said, smiling.