If you ask virtually any dermatologist or skin expert out there about powerhouse skin ingredients, we’d bet the big bucks that vitamin C would make the cut. In fact, the dermatologist we consulted said it’s the “OG of antioxidants.” The ultra-powerful nutrient, impressively, is incorporated into several serums on the market and, like an Oreo, is the “good stuff” in the middle (following your best cleanser and preceding your creamy moisturizer, of course). “Serums are great because they are vehicles for the actives that you use on your skin for intentional skincare- the practice of using a product to make a change in your skin,” board-certified dermatologist and founder of Visha Skincare, Purvisha Patel, MD, told the Post. Best known for its natural brightening effects, vitamin C has been put through clinical trials and proven to aid in a variety of feel-good benefits, too, which Dr. Patel outlines — along with everything to know about using a vitamin C serum — ahead of listing the 18 best vitamin C serums we tested. “Vitamin C is a potent antioxidant that prevents free radicles from breaking down collagen and elastin,” Dr. Patel explains. “You can tell if your serum is working after a week of using.” She adds that your skin should be “smoother, softer and more glowy” and “maybe a few dark spots lighter, as if you have had an exfoliation” upon consistent use. “Over months there should be a decrease in dark spots and a thickening of the skin,” she adds. “There may be fewer breakouts as well.” No, not all vitamin C serums are on the same level of efficacy. This is because vitamin C is labeled as an “unstable ingredient,” with serums containing L-ascorbic acid being the most active form of the vitamin. “L ascorbic acid is the water-soluble form [of vitamin C],” Dr. Patel explains. “It’s most easily absorbed by the skin, unstable in sunlight and air (oxidizes) and is tricky in formulation; this results in the different qualities of vitamin C serums.” Dr. Patel adds that esterified vitamin C is “much more stable in air and sunlight and not as irritating, but not as strong as L ascorbic acid.” That said, the difference in serum qualities “depends on concentration, formulation and packaging,” according to Dr. Patel. Dr. Patel outlines different skin types and key ingredients to look for in a vitamin C serum: To follow the dermatologist-recommended skincare routine of cleanser, serum, moisturizer and sunscreen, Dr. Patel recommends using a serum twice daily. I’ve been testing 26 vitamin C serums for months on my dry to sensitive skin. Though — and confirmed by Dr. Patel — using a vitamin C-infused moisturizer is a less irritating formulation than a serum, I found 17 of the best serums that didn’t irritate my skin, highlighted pros and cons to help guide your decision (recommendations we would give IRL) and a list of some serums we tested that didn’t make the cut. That said, my skin has never been brighter. Aside from switching off from one vitamin C serum to the next, I didn’t use any new cleansers, moisturizers or face masks. I’ve used my two favorite products, as of late, with each test: Alpyn Beauty’s Creamy Bubbling Cleanser with Fruit Enzymes and AHAs and the brand’s PlantGenius Melt Moisturizer. Here are some helpful things to note before reading our tried-and-true favorites: Everyone has different skin types: As highlighted by Dr. Patel above, skincare ingredients depend on the skin type itself. This review is based on my skin (dry and sensitive) though, using Dr. Patel’s expertise as a compass, we grouped some of our favorites into other skin types. You don’t have to splurge to confer benefits: The best vitamin C serum isn’t necessarily the most expensive, per Dr. Patel. “A lot of times the extra cost of a skincare product has to do with exorbitant or fancy packaging, with packaging not being a good indicator of the quality of product inside.” Talk to your doctor if you’re experiencing any serious issues: Though we consulted with a dermatologist to give you an edit of the best vitamin C serums, everyone’s skin is different. Speak with your doctor if you have any underlying conditions or concerns before using a serum. Glow Recipe’s Vitamin C Dark Spot Treatment Serum isn’t our favorite just because of its pretty pink packaging and the word “glow” in its name. This is the crème de la crème of serums because it nourished my skin, left it balanced and left no irritation. Not only does it come out pink (!!!) but it also is a certified Clean at Sephora product, vegan and includes guava, tranexamic and ferulic acids and five forms of vitamin C to brighten and naturally glow the skin. As a close second, La Roche-Posay’s Pure Vitamin C Face Serum is delightful. I was impressed with its ability to instantly nourish my skin and absolutely loved its roller application that’s a step-up from the potion-like serum dispensers that tend to be too runny. This serum has a fresh scent that even those who prefer no fragrance would love. And, we have no complaints. Rounding out this edit of the top three best serums is Biossance’s Squalane + 10% Vitamin C Dark Spot Serum. Not only is its luxe packaging fit for your bathroom counter at all times but it also made my skin look incredibly balanced and bright. This serum even had a firming effect near the outer corner of my eyes, which is likely effective for anyone with crow’s feet. Additionally, its moisturizer-like consistency and impressive eradication of dark spots make it lovely for sensitive skin types. If I could bottle up Dr. Barbara Sturm’s The Good C Vitamin C Serum and take it with me everywhere, I seriously would. Though up there in price, this serum is impeccable and delivers spa-like quality I didn’t know existed. Specifically, it’s best designed for sensitive skin types because it includes aloe vera, hyaluronic acid and vitamin C — the major triage of skin soothers, per dermatologists. When I first realized the Herbivore Botanicals NOVA 15% Vitamin C + Turmeric Brightening Serum existed, I jumped for joy. Turmeric is a superfood ingredient that my cousin adds to his oatmeal each morning, and I had a good hunch this formulation was going to be a ‘superfood’ for my skin — and I was right. Notably, this gentle vitamin C serum helps target dullness and dark spots, along with an uneven skin tone, bringing a cocktail of benefits to your skin’s surface. It’s worth every penny and a wonder for sensitive skin. Meet the cult-favorite of all vitamin C serums. SkinCeuticals’ C E Ferulic with 15% L-Ascorbic Acid is a tried-and-true favorite of many and it made our cut because of its inclusion of L-Ascorbic Acid — the most tangible form of vitamin C, per dermatologists. Though not our all-time fave, it does feel raw and real when using. It made my skin truly glisten and the on-the-dot application was one of the best we’ve seen. Oh, CeraVe, how I love you so. I’ve been using the brand’s cleanser for years and wasn’t surprised at the slightest when its Skin Renewing Vitamin C Serum was one of the ones to come up on top. Notably, its fresh scent just makes you want to use it every day and it effectively brightened and nourished my skin. For less than $40, you can’t go wrong. When I first came across Farmacy’s 10% Waterless Vitamin C Serum, I knew I was going to like it. A serum that includes vitamin C and up-cycled tangerine peel? Sounds like facial heaven. As someone with dry skin, this is the best for this skin type because it includes ascorbic acid and 1% alpha arbutin (a brightening active that targets dark spots) that nourished my skin to the T. Though it’s not the only serum in this edit that works well on dry skin, it’s a thirst-quenching one I kept resorting back to. Tula’s Brightening Treatment Drops are literal drops of ocean-cool refreshment onto your skin. It’s the serum I would choose if I need to really wake up in the morning and over time, gives some of the best, glowy results. Containing AHAs (which Dr. Patel recommends for those struggling with acne), Tatcha’s Violet-C Brightening Serum was an all-around great brightener, refresher and nurturer to my skin. Not to mention, its packaging is divine. StriVectin has gained a fan following for its anti-aging properties, notably for its Super-C Retinol Brighten & Correct Vitamin C Serum containing — you guessed it — retinol, a powerhouse ingredient to help reverse and correct signs of aging. Though I’m in my early 20s, I enjoy using a retinol-based product every now and then to protect my skin. I enjoyed its natural glisten that wasn’t too shimmery, too. Mario Badescu certainly knew what he was doing when his Vitamin C Serum was born. Wow is an understatement; I expected it to work well, but I was floored when I noticed how bright and glowy it left my skin. It did, however, leave my skin a bit shinier than I’d like after using, but if you want to see great brightening effects, this serum is your best bet. I’ve been one of Drunk Elephant’s No. 1 fans for years and have been using the C-Firma Fresh Day Serum regularly since I wrote a review on the product. It turns you into a bathroom mixologist and has one of the freshest, high-quality formulations yet. Aside from its revitalized feel, it always leaves my skin plump and healthy, which is the ideal texture before catching those ZZZs. Kiehl’s Since 1851 has a Powerful-Strength Vitamin C Serum that lives up to its confident name. Despite it not being the most hydrating we tested, it applies super smoothly and, in turn, helps mitigate the appearance of pores and treat problem areas (fine lines, we’re looking at you) simultaneously. Murad’s Vita-C Glycolic Brightening Serum is a dream come true for anyone who’s been looking for a cloud-like serum that’s thick but not clumpy. It’s so hydrating, thanks to its jelly consistency, and was impressively effective at making some red spots on my face look polished and balanced. Rose Inc. shocked me with its ability to produce a natural-looking glow. Seriously, if you happen to skip your cleanser and moisturizer one day and just use the brand’s Radiant Reveal Clean Brightening Vitamin C Serum, you’ll be A-OK. It’s not too thick and not too runny, so it’s the Goldilocks winner of serums. Plus, its packaging is minimal and sealed, anti-bacteria safe. Nobody likes dark circles and when you need it most (*cough cough* all-nighters), Josie Maran’s Argan Bright Skin Vitamin C Serum is the one we recommend most. Despite not having chronically dark circles or spots, I did notice a difference underneath my eyes when I used it consistently. And, for less than $70, I would have guessed it was more than $100. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.