A single man on a mission to “expose” women who cheat on their partners by photoshopping himself into their couple photos is copping heat over his unusual honesty quest. Gold Coast, Australia car dealer Jay Ingram recently became single following the end of a 12-year relationship, but said he was “shocked” that a number of women he had been talking and flirting with on social media were “already in committed relationships.” In response, he said he would now be publicly shaming women who had slid into his DMs if he discovers they are “already taken”, by editing himself into their couple snaps. However, the 33-year-old is now copping heat over his “extreme” antics, with many calling out his behavior. “Why bother? Instead of trying to expose the cheaters, focus on finding yourself the girlfriend you’re looking for,” one man commented. “This is a bit weird,” another said. As another claimed Ingram’s mission to be “honest” on social media was “delusional”, writing: “Yeah yeah, he thinks he’s God gift, and women are just lining up for him…” Ingram, who goes by the handle @mr.play.official on Instagram, had said his New Year’s Resolution was to expose women with boyfriends who had been messaging him in a video on January 4. “You know what I realized over Christmas break? When a lot of you females were posting stories with your mans (sic) underneath the Christmas tree in your matching pyjamas and all this couple goals s—t, you were actually in my inbox, at the same time and for a couple of months,” he said. “And it’s not just one or two (women), it’s like – a lot. “One of my New Year’s resolutions is that I’m going to be honest about stuff so on my next story, I’m going to name all of you. Stay tuned.” Ingram then posted a follow-up video warning women who have sent him “shady s**t” he would photoshop himself into their couple photos and share them publicly. “If ya got a man and you message me shady s—t. Ima (sic) photoshop myself into your couple photos and post them,” he said. The following clips shared on Instagram Stories showed Ingram photoshopped into a number of couples’ photos. These were published by the Gold Coast Bulletin on Friday. One photo shows Ingram perched on the edge of a cliff with a couple, with the caption “us on holiday”, the publication states. Another shows Ingram putting his hands on a woman’s stomach in front of a Mercedes G-Class wagon, with the woman’s partner on the other side. Another is an awkward three-way cuddle in front of the Sydney Opera House with the caption “us being tourists”. While many questioned the motivation of Ingram’s quest, some praised it, writing: “Nice work!” But most thought it was “extreme” and “a joke” stating he should “stick to selling cars”. However, Ingram has defended his antics, telling the Gold Coast Bulletin he was “raised with morals”. “On the Gold Coast you can get away with alot of s—t without being called out,” he said. “Infidelity is not a fun thing to happen to anyone. “I was actually raised with morals.” He also added that when he was last single Tinder “didn’t exist,” explaining dating in the current climate was eye-opening. 