Adoree’ Jackson is returning to the Giants just in time to face the best receiver in the NFL. The Giants released a blank injury report Friday, which means that all active players are available to play Sunday against the Vikings after the decision to rest 19 starters in a meaningless regular-season finale. No one is questionable, no one is doubtful. That’s significant mostly because of Jackson, who missed the last seven games with a sprained MCL. In one of those games, the Vikings’ Justin Jefferson — who led the league with 1,809 receiving yards — torched Fabian Moreau and other members of the secondary for 12 catches, 133 yards and a touchdown. Now he will have to work a little harder against the Giants’ top cornerback, who was having one of the best seasons of his career before he was injured returning a punt on Nov. 20. “His energy, his confidence, his ability to go out there is big for us,” defensive backs coach Jerome Henderson said. “The one thing about Adoree’ is he won’t be fazed by anything. He’ll come back and play at a high level and give us everything he’s got. I don’t worry about it at all.” Jackson allowed 29 catches for 338 yards and two touchdowns in 10 games. The Giants tried a snap limit with safety Xavier McKinney when bringing him back from a broken hand in Week 17, but McKinney blew past the number in conjunction with trainers, Henderson and head coach Brian Daboll. Will there be an ease-in process for Jackson? “There won’t be if he plays. Here we go, baby. Jump right in,” Henderson said before it was clear that Jackson is playing. Jackson, McKinney, center Jon Feliciano (back), receiver Marcus Johnson (knee), right tackle Evan Neal (ankle), outside linebacker Azeez Ojulari (ankle), safety Jason Pinnock (shoulder) and defensive tackle Leonard Williams (neck) all were listed as full participants in Friday’s practice after appearing on the injury report earlier in the week. Cornerback Cam Dantzler (ankle/personal matter), safety Harrison Smith (knee) and kick returner Kene Nwangu (illness) are listed as questionable after limited or no practice participation for the Vikings. Center Garrett Bradbury (back) was a full participant and is expected to play. LT Andrew Thomas, who was a Pro Bowl snub, was named a Second-Team All-Pro by the Associated Press. DT Dexter Lawrence also was named a second-teamer, after he was a Pro Bowler and a First-Team All-Pro by the NFL Players Associations. “It’s cool to be recognized for playing well,” Thomas said, “but I’m focused on the playoffs and that means a lot more to me. Individual accolades come from team success.” Thomas struggled mightily as a rookie in 2020 but began to turn a corner in 2021. He allowed three sacks on 619 pass-blocking snaps this season. “I knew I progressed. Accolades weren’t going to determine whether I had a good season or not,” Thomas said. “This is not the end. This is just the beginning.”