First comes love — then comes four failed marriage proposals. A pair of British neighbors-turned-lovers told SWNS they began dating in May 2022. They moved in together four months later, discussing the next step in their relationship. “We’d talked about it, but Andy didn’t want to rush things, as he had been married before and didn’t want things to go wrong,” Frankie Clark divulged to the outlet. Her partner’s last name was not disclosed. Although Andy wanted to take things slow, Clark said she decided to speed up the process by ordering her own engagement ring. “I had the amethyst stones ordered and everything, but Andy felt the pressure, and I had the stones sent back,” the 27-year-old personal trainer confessed. Little did she know that her dream ring was ordered two months after she returned the stones. But the biggest challenge was yet to come: The actual engagement. Andy, 39, reported making his first proposal attempt in December, but it quickly went sideways when Clark decided to cancel their plans and hang out with friends visiting from Ireland. She also dashed the New Year’s Eve plan of London fireworks and a proposal because she went to bed early. She said she had a singing gig the next day. Clark warned her partner not to do it while she was onstage, saying it “would steal” her “thunder.” “I was disappointed, at first, which quickly moved into hopelessness. But I’m no quitter,” vowed Andy, an inverting operations manager. On his fourth try, Andy was about to pop the question. Then Clark started joking that it would be a good time to propose. “You can see in the photo on our walk on the fourth attempt, he literally had his hand in his pocket on the ring,” she admitted. “I was always making back-handed jokes about him putting a ring on my finger.” Andy finally got the words out on his fifth attempt, on Jan. 6, on a beach in England: “I knew it was the right time as the sun came out, [the] wind dropped, and it was just Frankie and I.” She revealed: “He turned to me all red-eyed and said, ‘I love you and I can’t imagine my life without you.’ “ “I was like, ‘Oh my God, it’s happening,’ ” Clark gushed. For the record, Clark nearly ruined the final attempt by teasing him about the proposal beforehand. “On our walk when Andy did propose I’d joked again saying: ‘Shall I bring the tripod and not cut my nails if you’re going to propose?’ ” she recalled. “He snapped, so I felt really guilty and hit a nerve.” She called the actual engagement “really special.” “We went for fizz afterward, and he told me all the attempts I had inadvertently ruined.” The engaged couple want to have a destination wedding, unless their plans get spoiled (again).