Amy Winehouse fans refuse to let her memory go to black — and there’s an upcoming biopic to prove it. A first-look photo from “Back to Black” — to be distributed by Focus Features — reveals star Marisa Abela in costume as the late seven-time Grammy winner. The sneak peek snapshot features the “Industry” star, 26, donning Winehouse’s famous look. The ensemble consisted of the singer’s iconic black beehive hairstyle, winged eyeliner, unmistakeable mole and tattoos. The film drama — made with the full support of her surviving family — is based on Winehouse’s short-but-unforgettable journey to the heights of the music world, as well as her tragic death. The “Rehab” crooner’s life was cut short in 2011 when she died of alcohol poisoning at the age of 27. Abela shared a tribute to Winehouse on Instagram on Friday, posting a snap of her next to a mural of the musician. “’And for London. This is for London. Cause Camden Town ain’t burnin down,'” she wrote, referencing Winehouse’s 2008 Grammy speech when she won Record of the Year for her song “Rehab.” Abela added: “I love you, Amy. ” “Fifty Shades of Grey” director Sam Taylor-Johnson — the wife of James Bond frontrunner Aaron Taylor-Johnson — is at the helm, and her “Nowhere Boy” collaborator, screenwriter Matt Greenhalgh, is writing the script. With the aid of Winehouse’s estate and her record labels, Universal Music Group and Sony Music Publishing, the flick will include several of the British artist’s most famous singles. “My connection to Amy began when I left college and was hanging out in the creatively diverse London borough of Camden. I got a job at the legendary Koko Club, and I can still breathe every market stall, vintage shop and street,” Taylor-Johnson, 55, said in a statement. The filmmaker continued: “A few years later Amy wrote her searingly honest songs whilst living in Camden. Like with me, it became part of her DNA. I first saw her perform at a talent show at Ronnie Scott’s Jazz Club in Soho and it was immediately obvious she wasn’t just ‘talent,’ she was genius.” “I feel excited and humbled to have this opportunity to realize Amy’s beautifully unique and tragic story to cinema accompanied by the most important part of her legacy – her music,” Taylor-Johnson continued. “I am fully aware of the responsibility, [and] with my writing collaborator — Matt Greenhalgh — I will create a movie that we will all love and cherish forever. Just like we do Amy,” she said. Filming for “Back to Black” is scheduled to begin on Monday in London. No release date has been set for the movie.