ORCHARD PARK — Remember us? This should be the mantra of the Cincinnati Bengals for 2022. Outside of all Cincinnati precincts, the attention and adulation for the top teams in the NFL for the balance of this season has been focused on almost every team but the Bengals. Never mind that the Bengals were in the Super Bowl a year ago. Never mind that they won the AFC Central this season. Never mind that they have one of the most dynamic quarterbacks in the league in Joe Burrow. Never mind any of those facts. The football world has been too busy saluting Patrick Mahomes and the Chiefs, sympathizing with the Bills and their Damar Hamlin cardiac-arrest scare, dazzled by Jalen Hurts and the Eagles and mesmerized by the 49ers, their three quarterbacks and top-tier defense to pay much mind to the Bengals. The Rams, who beat the Bengals in the Super Bowl last season, didn’t even make the playoffs. Even the Jekyll-and-Hyde Cowboys and the fraudulent Vikings gathered more attention and garnered more respect than the Bengals. Before Sunday’s AFC divisional playoff game against the Bengals began Sunday at Highmark Stadium, Bills fans had already secured their tickets to next week’s AFC Championship game at neutral-site Atlanta against the Chiefs. Flights to Atlanta and hotels were booked. Bills Mafia was poised to take over the Peachtree City. Then they played the game. Bengals 27 Bills 10. Remember us? “We’ve been disrespected all year,” Bengals receiver Ja’Marr Chase, who caught a touchdown pass, said. “We know what we’re capable of. That’s why we came out here and put on the show that we did. We came in with the mindset to win. We were in the Super Bowl. We just came in here and proved it.” With Highmark Stadium looking like a beautiful snow globe with steady snow falling since about an hour before kickoff and emotionally charged with Hamlin in the building rooting his teammates on, the Bengals came out and smacked the Bills. With Hamlin having visited his teammates in the locker room before the game and taking the game in from the warmth of a luxury suite, the Bengals took a 7-0 lead six plays into the game on a 28-yard TD pass from Joe Burrow to Chase just 4:20 in. After a Buffalo three-and-out on its first offensive possession, the Bengals ripped through the Bills’ defense again on their second possession, taking a 14-0 lead on a 15-yard Burrow scoring pass to wide-open tight end Hayden Hurst. “They had a good game plan,” Bills quarterback Josh Allen said. “Credit to those guys. They came out and played hard. We were expecting their best punch and they came out and punched us. We just didn’t have it today.” Bills center Mitch Morse credited the Bengals for their constant pressure on Allen, who was 25 of 42 for 265 yards no TDs and an INT. “They did a good job of keeping our head on a swivel and they executed,” Morse said. “We kind of dipped our toe in the water and they jumped into the pool. You give a team like that a 14-0 lead, that’s an uphill battle from the jump. We understood that it was going to be a grinder after that.” Bengals running back Joe Mixon, who before the game expressed his displeasure with how overtly his team was being overlooked, was gashing the Buffalo defense on the ground and Burrow was picking it apart in the air. Mixon ran like he was angry. He rushed for 105 yards and a touchdown. Burrow, as he ran up the tunnel from the field to the locker room after the game, crowed loudly about the Buffalo fans needing to “get their refunds’’ for their Atlanta tickets. The Bills cut the Bengals lead to, 14-7, on a 1-yard scoring run by Allen with 7:25 remaining in the first half, but the Bengals answered with a long drive on their next possession ending in a 28-yard Evan McPherson field goal and a 17-7 lead at the half. Remember us? The Bills cut the Cincinnati lead to, 17-10, with a 25-yard field goal by Tyler Bass on the opening possession of the third quarter. And the Bengals again answered, this time by taking the ensuing possession 75 yards in 6:25 to take a 24-10 lead on a 1-yard scoring run by Mixon with 1:17 remaining in the third quarter. The Bengals would add another field goal to take a 27-10 lead, allowing their fans to book Kansas City flights and hotels for next week’s AFC title game with a chance to get to a second consecutive Super Bowl. Remember us?