“The Menu” star’s kid is flying the coop, but she’s not going far. Actor and film producer John Leguizamo’s daughter Allegra Leguizamo is moving out of her parents’ place and down the block. According to city property records, the 23-year-old actress bought a co-op apartment just a few houses down from her family’s downtown townhouse this month. Allegra’s father, 62, and mother, Justine Maurer, are both listed alongside her on the $1.66 million transaction’s documents. The two-bedroom Village unit is inside a 36-unit prewar building, and features both modern amenities and original accents. The north-facing living room has a woodburning fireplace, refinished oak floors with walnut inlay and built-in bookshelves. The primary bedroom has two built-in closets, a window seat — and a newly added ensuite toilet and hand painted-sink. The main white-tiled bathroom has a window and tub that are updated but “could benefit from some TLC,” says the former listing. The terracotta tile-floored kitchen is narrow but bursting with wall-to-wall high-end appliances including a Wolf range, a Fisher Paykel refrigerator, a Bosch dishwasher and a Kobe hood. The second bedroom is sequestered in the center of the unit, and can be entered from the foyer or the hall before the primary bedroom. The Manhattan building boasts a uniformed doorman, a superintendent and a garden for shareholders. “Pied-a-terres, co-purchase and gifting are reviewed on a case-by-case basis,” the listing — which was held by Corcoran’s Fern Budow — noted. Meanwhile, mere feet away, the elder Leguizamos have called their historic, 3,000-plus-square-foot brownstone home since 2008, when they purchased it for $5.75 million. The four-story property was completed in 1854 and is built in the Anglo-Italianate style. A native New Yorker, Allegra grew up in that house, and has since gone on to accrue various TV credits and voice characters in the “Ice Age” films alongside her father. Leguizamo did not immediately return The Post’s request for comment. Budow had no comment.