Footage of Lisa Marie Presley celebrating her late father’s birthday was posted just a few days before her passing. Lisa Marie Presley, the only child of Elvis and Priscilla Presley, died Thursday at 54. In the video shared by “Elvis” director Baz Luhrmann, Presley is seen with friends and family at a party for Elvis’ birthday, who was born January, 8, 1935 and died August 16, 1977 at 42. “It was so great to share ELVIS’ birthday with Lisa Marie Presley, Riley (Keough), friends, family and all those that, in the spirit of ELVIS went out to the theatres,” Luhrmann, 60, captioned the video. “It was indeed a happy birthday and celebration of a legacy!” The clip shows highlights from a huge extravagant party, and Lisa Marie is seen giving a speech and smiling. Other footage included a giant “Elvis”-themed cake as well as an abundance of Elvis decor. Luhrmann got to know the singer-songwriter while he was directing the “Elvis” biopic. Presley died after being hospitalized in critical condition from suffering a cardiac arrest at her Calabasas home Thursday. TMZ reported she was in an induced coma and on life support with a temporary pacemaker after suffering a cardiac arrest. “Priscilla Presley and the Presley family are shocked and devastated by the tragic death of their beloved Lisa Marie,” read a statement to The Post from a rep for the 77-year-old Priscilla. “They are profoundly grateful for the support, love and prayers of everyone, and ask for privacy during this very difficult time.” A cause of death has not been announced. Sgt. Sean Maloney of the Los Angeles Sheriff’s Office told The Post that deputies responded to a call involving a female in cardiac arrest at the 5900 block of Normandy Drive in Calabasas at about 10:40 a.m. Thursday at the request of Los Angeles County Fire Department. Priscilla told The Post earlier Thursday that her daughter was getting the “best care” in the hospital, but did not confirm that Lisa Marie went into cardiac arrest. “My beloved daughter Lisa Marie was rushed to the hospital. She is now receiving the best care. Please keep her and our family in your prayers,” she told The Post in a statement. “We feel the prayers from around the world and ask for privacy at this time.” Both Presley women attended the Golden Globes on Tuesday to watch Austin Butler win an award for his portrayal of Elvis in Luhrmann’s biopic. She appeared unsteady and was seen leaning on her friend, 80-year-old talent manager Jerry Schilling, for support during a red carpet interview. Presley is survived by her daughter, actress Riley Keough, 33, and 14-year-old twin daughters, Finley Aaron Love and Harper Vivienne Ann Lockwood. Her fourth child, Benjamin Keough, died from a self-inflicted gunshot wound at the age of 27 on July 12, 2020, at his home in Calabasas, Calif. Presley’s final Instagram post before her death talked about life after her son’s tragic death.