It hasn’t been easy for Madonna to get into the groove of parenthood, admitting that she’s “still struggling to understand how to be a mother.” The “Papa Don’t Preach” mom of six made the confession in an interview published in the Italian, French and Spanish issues of Vanity Fair Wednesday. The superstar — who shocked in lingerie while celebrating Christmas with four of her kids — also conceded that it isn’t always easy for her offspring to deal with her unconventional approach to parenting. “Growing up with a mother like me is a challenge,” the 64-year-old declared. “No one gives you a manual,” she continued. “You have to learn from your mistakes. It is a profession that requires a lot of time. And it is exhausting because there is never rest.” The twice-divorced diva is mom to Lourdes Leon, 26; Rocco Ritchie, 22; David Banda Ciccone, 17; Mercy James Ciccone, 16; and 10-year-old twins Estere and Stelle Ciccone. Despite admitting she’s not a perfect parent, Madonna appears incredibly proud of her large brood. “What makes me happiest is seeing how each of them has discovered their own creativity, and that it comes from an authentic place,” she said. Madonna’s two oldest kids haven’t been able to escape the “nepo baby” label, with Lourdes releasing her own music and Rocco becoming a prominent painter who sells his work for five figures a pop. “I have never encouraged my daughter Lola to make music or my son Rocco to paint — but I’ve always exposed them to art, to music, and I’m happy that they’ve found ways to express themselves,” she insisted. “I have respect and admiration for them and for what they do.” Madonna’s mother died when she was 5, and the superstar has brought up her own six kids in the limelight, with her parenting skills called into question over the years. Just last month, the “Holiday” hitmaker attracted ire on social media when she shared a video of herself in lacy lingerie at a holiday party with her youngest children. “I’m uncomfortable,” one critic declared after watching the upload, while another chimed in: “Is the goal ‘how creepy one can be?’ “ Meanwhile, last August, Madonna spoke out about her teen son David’s passion for fashion, saying he raids her wardrobe and wears her clothes better than she does. “He can put on any outfit and look swag as you know what,” the singer told Jimmy Fallon in an interview. “It’s really irritating. He wears my clothes and looks better in them. He can even wear a dress and look butch.” The new interview comes after Madonna said that she will embark on her “Celebration” tour later this year in honor of the 40th anniversary of her music career. The 35-city global trek will kick off in North America on July 15. It will make its way to Europe on Oct. 14 before wrapping on Dec. 1.