The Issue: Adam Klotz, a TV weatherman who was attacked by teens after speaking up for an elderly man. Things have reached a breaking point in New York when a Good Samaritan who intervenes to try to prevent a gang of young thugs from harassing an older man is badly beaten, and those assailants, although apprehended by police, are neither jailed nor even charged for their crime (“Rain of terrors,” Jan. 23). Refusing to hold criminals accountable for their violent misconduct is destroying the social fabric of the city. If this state’s progressive leaders continue to refuse to protect their citizens, it won’t be long before those citizens, like the bodega worker in The Bronx, use force to protect themselves. Marc E. Kasowitz Manhattan After reading The Post’s horrific story about the attack on the weatherman by a gang of teen thugs, the proverb “spare the rod and spoil the child” sprang instantly to my mind. The thugs were then released without charges. The current “reign of terrors” in the city is the result of a “rain of errors” by our leading, left-leaning liberal politicians. Of course, the proverb “you reap what you sow” naturally explains the growth of the current crime wave in New York. Frank Brady Yonkers After six teenagers lit the hair of an elderly man on fire, Adam Klotz challenged them. For this, they brutally assaulted Klotz while many other New Yorkers on the train simply looked on, like cowards. This is far from an isolated event. I recall when a lady told someone, “Say excuse me, that’s the New York way,” and the thug turned around and kicked her backwards down the escalator. A bystander further down saw the helpless woman tumbling down and instead of catching her as any decent human would do, he stepped aside so she could continue her long, painful tumble down metal escalator stairs. Holocaust survivor Elie Wiesel said: “There are only two kinds of people, decent and indecent.” Lawless New York City needs to pass a law making it a crime to ignore people being harmed or threatened when intervention is reasonable. John Phillip Jaeger Irvine, Calif. When does the insanity end? Why isn’t law enforcement on every subway train? An elderly man’s hair is set on fire by these young criminals; a concerned citizen steps in to stop the carnage and is viciously attacked. Afterward, three of the attackers are indentified but released. Those releasing these animals should be arrested. The other solution is vigilantes patrolling the subways, but the media and left-wing loon politicians wouldn’t like that resolution. I have three sons, three daughters-in-law and five grandchildren residing in New York City, and I am very concerned for their safety. Walter Murray Clearwater, Fla. Adam Klotz was attacked while defending an elderly man and not a word from the mainstream media. They threw one of their own under the bus because he didn’t fit their agenda. If this were a New York Times reporter after a GOP rally, it would be front-page worldwide for a month. The scum who attacked him were let free (way to go, New York voters). Only the public can protect itself now. Storm Destro Bayonne, NJ Teens out beating up straphangers are not “juveniles.” They’re hard-core, violent criminals. I would give each one 10 years in prison. And this is a misdemeanor? Gang assault on a subway? Who made that law? Carol Meltzer Manhattan What’s wrong with this picture? Is anyone safe from these roaming teenagers who don’t respect others? Why are their parents allowing these teens to be out on the street out this late at night? If these teenagers are not to be charged, then maybe their parents ought to be charged for lack of supervision. That should be the way to go. And to the weatherman, Adam Klotz: I hope you are getting better from your injuries. Frederick R. Bedell, Jr. Bellerose Want to weigh in on today’s stories? Send your thoughts (along with your full name and city of residence) to letters@nypost.com. Letters are subject to editing for clarity, length, accuracy and style.