The House gaveled back into session on Wednesday night after taking a lengthy pizza break — only to quickly adjourn until Thursday as the lower chamber’s quest for a speaker remains elusive. The motion to adjourn, approved 216-214, was made by Rep. Tom Cole (R-Okla.) — a supporter of Rep. Kevin McCarthy’s embattled bid for House speaker. Four Republicans sided with Democrats against adjourning: Andy Biggs, Lauren Boebert, Brent Crane, and Matt Gaetz. The House will now reconvene at noon on Thursday for yet another session beginning without a speaker. GOP representatives from the camp supporting McCarthy (R-Calif.) met with a bloc of Republicans staunchly opposed to him before the House reconvened at 8 p.m. in an effort to “get a sense of where everybody is at” after six failed attempts at electing a House speaker Tuesday and Wednesday. Despite not achieving an end result, one GOP congressman involved in the confab quipped: “The pizza was great.” “Tonight was really not about exchanging offers. Tonight was just getting a sense of where everybody is at and what areas are most fruitful for progress,” pro-McCarthy Rep. Dusty Johnson (R-S.D.) told The Post after the gathering of factions in the office of GOP whip Tom Emmer of Minnesota. Rep. Scott Perry (R-Pa.), a McCarthy critic, suggested Wednesday night that it could be several more days before the GOP coalesce around a leader. “It could go into the weekend. We hope it doesn’t but it could,” Perry said. McCarthy told reporters before the House regrouped that he didn’t believe a seventh vote taking place Wednesday night would be fruitful, and remained optimistic that he would eventually take hold of the House gavel. “I don’t think voting tonight would make a difference but I think a vote in the future will,” McCarthy told a crowd of reporters. McCarthy could only lose five GOP votes but instead lost 20 to Rep. Byron Donalds of Florida throughout voting on Wednesday before the House adjourned until 8 p.m. The California Republican and GOP House leader earned just 201 votes after Victoria Spartz (R-Ind.) chose to vote “present” beginning on the fourth ballot.