Marvel actor Jeremy Renner lost a significant amount of blood New Year’s Day before he was airlifted to the hospital after his snowplow accidentally ran over one of his legs at his home in Lake Tahoe, Nevada. A neighbor who is a doctor managed to rush to the aid of the “Hawkeye” star. After a tourniquet was applied to his injured leg, an air ambulance took Renner to a hospital near Reno, TMZ reports. The outlet also noted the star’s injuries are “extensive” and other parts of his body were also injured along with his leg, although further details about the injuries were not immediately available. Video obtained by The Post shows the moment just after the “Avengers” star was loaded onto the chopper, which can be seen on a snowy hill near the star’s Mt. Rose-Ski terrace home before taking off for the hospital. The 51-year-old actor was loaded onto the chopper around 9:50 a.m. Sunday. Renner was alone and had been trying to clear a path out of his five-bedroom home following a massive snowstorm over the new year. Renner is said to be in “critical but stable” condition after his Kässbohrer PistenBully snow plow accidentally ran over him. A safety feature on the plow apparently failed, sending the heavy machinery rolling over him. A spokesperson for the two-time Oscar-nominated actor said he was injured in Nevada “after experiencing a weather-related accident while plowing snow.” The actor, also known for his starring role in the Paramount+ series “Mayor of Kingstown,” was “receiving excellent care” in the hospital and his family was at his side. Renner lives about 25 miles outside Reno near Mt. Rose-Ski Tahoe, and has previously shared photos and videos of himself using his plow to dig out of winter storms. A tremendous winter storm hit the area on New Year’s Eve and reportedly caused 35,000 homes to lose power. The “Avengers” actor posted an Instagram video last month of himself driving a plow. “I have so much respect for Mother Earth, and Mother Nature,” he wrote at the time. “I expect to lose the fight but I’ll always give it my best shot.” The Washoe County Sheriff’s Office confirmed that Renner was the only person injured in the incident Sunday morning. “Deputies coordinated with Truckee Meadows Fire Protection District and RESMA Health to arrange for medical transport of Mr. Jeremy Renner via care flight to a local area hospital,” the sheriff’s office said. The Washoe County Sheriff’s Office Major Accident Investigation Team is looking into the circumstances of the incident.