New York Post readers can take advantage of an awesome new customer offer with the Caesars Sportsbook promo code NPBONUSFULL. If you’re in the state of Ohio, get an even bigger offer with the promo code NYPBONUS1BET and see if you should back the home favorites tonight. Click the link below for more information on how to claim a bet up to $1,250 with the Caesars Sportsbook promo code before Browns vs. Steelers in Week 18. New Caesars Sportsbook bettors can use the bet insurance for their first sports wager up to $1,250. Caesars’ risk-free offer is a fabulous way to get started in sports betting. The Caesars promo code lets new customers in Ohio a chance to get a $1,500 in bet credits just by signing up! Just enter in the promo code NYPBONUS1BET on Caesars Sportsbook so you can join the fun of sports betting in the new year. The Cleveland Browns head east to close out the regular season with a road game against the Pittsburgh Steelers. Cleveland enters the Week 18 finale at 7-9 and Pittsburgh is 8-8. Even though there’s just a one game difference between these two teams, the Steelers still have a shot at the final AFC Wild Card spot, while the Browns are already eliminated from playoff contention. What does that mean for today’s matchup? It likely means this game goes under the listed total of 40 points on Caesars Sportsbook. Pittsburgh has tended to play low-scoring games this season, scoring just 17.5 points per game and allowing 20.8. The Steelers should be able to play their defensive style in the wintery weather conditions of Pittsburgh this afternoon. Additionally, Browns quarterback Deshaun Watson has not played well since returning from his suspension and Pittsburgh should be able to take advantage of that. This should be a low-scoring game no matter what, so back the under using promo code NPBONUSFULL on Caesars.  21+. Available in AZ, CO, IA, IL, IN, KS, LA, MD, MI, NJ, NY, PA, TN, VA, WV only. Full T&C apply. Who doesn’t like a little extra bang for their buck? Caesars Profit Boosts increase the net winnings of your bet by a given percentage and can be applied to all sorts of bets. Profit Boosts can be used on straight bets (money line, spread, total) and parlays, but there are also Profit Boosts that are exclusively for straight bets only, parlays only, or even parlays with a set number of legs. Profit Boosts can be applied to a variety of sports and bet types, but only those available will appear in your bet slip. Make sure to look for any profit boosts in your ‘Bonus Drawer’ on Caesars Sportsbook.