Oh, vintage “American Idol,” we wish we could quit you. Still, we’re happy we can’t because we now live in a world where Ruben Studdard and Clay Aiken are teaming up to embark on a spring 2023 tour. Now, celebrating the 20th anniversary of their “American Idol” season together, the competitors turned friends will hit 16 venues as part of their upcoming “Twenty: The Tour.” Along the way, the pair will drop into Patchogue’s Patchogue Theater on April 20 and Red Bank, NJ’s Hackensack Meridian Health Theatre on April 26. Allegedly, when the two finalists were waiting to hear the results, Studdard said to Aiken, “Look at us. Who would have ever thought it? Two boys from the South that no one would have ever picked to be here, and here we are.” Now, two decades later, they’re still here. And, while Studdard defeated Aiken way back in Season Two, we’re all winners when it comes to ticket prices for these concerts. In fact, we found some seats going for as low as $42 before fees on Vivid Seats. Here’s everything you need to know about their upcoming “Twenty: The Tour.”  A complete calendar featuring all dates, venues and links to buy tickets to see Ruben Studdard and Clay Aiken can be found below. Ruben Studdard also has three shows of his own as well this winter and spring. You can find tickets to all his solo performances here. (Note: The New York Post confirmed all above prices at the publication time. All prices are subject to fluctuation and include additional fees at checkout.) Vivid Seats is a verified secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand. They offer a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and your tickets will be delivered prior to the event.  Just like Studdard and Aiken, the reality show that made them stars is still at it. Season 21, featuring guest judges, Lionel Richie, Katy Perry and Luke Bryan along with veteran host Ryan Seacrest, returns on Feb. 19 on ABC and Hulu. A 45-second, Las Vegas-themed trailer for the upcoming season can be seen below.  Although the year is young, there’s already a lot to be excited about when it comes to live music. Here are just five mega stars you won’t want to miss when they come to a venue near you in the next few months. • Adele • Taylor Swift • Andrea Bocelli • Carrie Underwood • SZA