John Mayer won’t be spending much time at his Montana home in 2023. Rather than relax, the seven-time Grammy winner just announced his 19-concert “Solo Tour” that will take him all over North America from March 11 through April 14. And if you’re the Big Apple or Garden State and dying to hear “Your Body Is A Wonderland” live, you’re in luck. Mayer, 45, will hit Newark’s Prudential Center on March 11 and New York City’s Madison Square Garden on March 15. This won’t be your standard tour, either. “I began my career on stage with only a guitar and a microphone. A lot has changed since then, but I knew one day I’d feel it in my heart to do an entire run of shows on my own again, just like those early days,” Mayer shared on Instagram. “It took a couple of decades, but I feel it now. I’ll be playing old songs. Newer songs. Songs you haven’t heard yet that I’ll be road testing – all on acoustic, electric, and piano.” Then, once the summer hits, Mayer will go big again and team up with Dead and Company for their final tour. Ever. Of course, they’ll swing in the City That Never Sleeps too — on June 21 and June 22, the classic rockers fronted by Mayer have huge stadium gigs scheduled at Flushing’s Citi Field. Most excitingly, tickets for all shows can be scooped up as early as today. Although inventory isn’t available on Ticketmaster until Friday, Feb. 3, fans who want to ensure they have tickets ahead of time can purchase on sites like Vivid Seats before seats are officially on sale. Vivid Seats is a secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand. They have a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and will be delivered before the event.  A complete calendar featuring all of John Mayer’s upcoming tour dates, venues and links to buy tickets can be found below.  As noted earlier, Mayer will sing with Dead and Company on their Farewell Tour and then that’s it for the legendary classic rock group. Made up of original Grateful Dead members Bob Weir, Bill Kreutzman and Mickey Hart as well as a few others, they handed the reins to Mayer in 2015 when they performed live together for the first time. This summer, when they say goodbye, they’ll kick things off at New Orleans’ annual New Orleans Jazz Festival where they’ll headline alongside big names like Lizzo, Ed Sheeran, Santana, The Lumineers and Robert Plant with Alison Krauss. When the proper tour begins, they’ll jam in cities like Los Angeles (May 19, May 20), Chicago (June 9, June 10),  Philadelphia (June 15), Saratoga Springs, NY (June 17, June 18) and Boston (June 24, June 25). Their last shows will take place June 14, June 15 and June 16 at San Francisco’s Oracle Park. A complete calendar featuring all Dead and Company tour dates, venues, show start times and links to buy tickets can be found here.  Although Mayer’s tour is called “Solo,” he will bring at least one support act to each and every show. While we don’t know who one of them is yet — they’re listed as “Special Guest TBA” — here’s what we can tell you about his confirmed special guests that will be appearing on select dates. Lizzy McAlpine, 23, dropped out of the Berklee College of Music in her junior year. Thus far, t seems to have worked out for the folk-jazz-pop star. Her 2020 debut studio album “Give Me A Minute” drew raves from critics and led to a headlining tour of her own. Don’t know where to start? We recommend her wistful single “To The Mountains.” Alec Benjamin is in the Spotify Billion Club. The Arizona native’s mega single “Let Me Down Slowly” has been streamed over 1.2 billion times at the time of publication. He’s no one-trick pony though. Benjamin, 28, has a whopping six additional singles with over 100 million streams. Try his 2018 debut album “Narrated For You” for a sample of his charming, poppy sound.  Mayer’s tour was announced the same day his ex Taylor Swift dropped the music video for “Lavender Haze.” Coincidence? Revenge? Friendly competition? Who knows? What we do know is that many exciting tours are headed to venues all over North America over the next few months. Here are just five can’t-miss tours that may be coming to a city near you soon. • Bruce Springsteen and the E Street Band • Taylor Swift • Blink 182 • Paramore • Ed Sheeran You made it to the end. Congratulations! As a bonus, here’s our list of 52 of the biggest concert tours in 2023 — you earned it.