Harry heads, listen up. You only have five opportunities to see Harry Styles live in the U.S. this year. From Jan. 27-29, the former One Direction frontman will headline at Inglewood, CA’s Kia Forum to make up for three concerts he postponed in late 2022. Then, Styles tacked on two shows at Thousand Palms’ Acrisure Arena on Jan. 31 and Feb. 1. That’s it. Five shows and then Styles is heading overseas to tour in Australia, Great Britain, The Netherlands, New Zealand and Spain from February through July.  So, if you want to hear “As It Was” or “Watermelon Sugar” live, you can. There’s only one catch. Ticket prices aren’t exactly cheap. In fact, the lowest price we could find was $238 before fees on Vivid Seats for the Jan. 31 Thousand Palms show. All prices are subject to fluctuation. Want a closer look at how much tickets cost for each show? Keep reading — we’ve got everything you need to know.  Below, you’ll find a complete list of Styles’ upcoming North American shows, venues, dates and cheapest tickets available in 2023. A complete calendar featuring all of Styles’ North American and international tour dates can be found here. (Note: The New York Post confirmed all above prices at the publication time. All prices are subject to fluctuation and include additional fees at checkout.) Vivid Seats is a verified secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand. They offer a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and your tickets will be delivered prior to the event.  The music world had a big day on May 20, 2022. It was on that date that Harry Styles dropped his critical and commercial smash album “Harry’s House.” Styles’ third record, following “Harry Styles” and “Fine Line,” blew up following the release of lead single “As It Was,” which many industry pundits claimed to the be “the song of summer.” If you want to brush up on the record — or listen to it for the 1,001st time — you can check it out here.  While there isn’t much Styles to go around this year, we’re happy to report that many of the biggest stars are going on massive tours in the next few months. Here are just five of our can’t miss favorite acts you have to see live this year. • Madonna • Taylor Swift • SZA • Lizzo • Ed Sheeran Rolling your eyes because you already know about these tours? Fair. We’ve got more ready for you though. Check out our list of the 52 biggest tours in 2023 here.