Disney is the house of the mouse and the place where all dreams come true. As one of the most powerful, influential and successful businesses in the entire world with media spanning animated and live action films and television, toys, merchandise, theme parks, music, live events, books and graphic novels and beyond, Disney has transformed the modern world and made many wish upon a star. As pioneers in imagination and creativity, the company has continued to prosper and grow while bringing groundbreaking entertainment to people worldwide. Originally created by the iconic Walt Disnsey, the company has attracted some of the most brilliant creatives alive to build their franchises and inspire the globe. No matter what age you are, Disney has always brought the magic to help you believe you can wish upon a star. To understand Disney’s canon, the New York Post spoke exclusively with two of the rising voices in American geekdom: Paul Florez-Taylor—known as the Comic King—and Luke James—known as Pop Media Maven. As a team, we put our heads together to create the definitive list of characters that align with astrology and the zodiac. With a spicy personality and the courage to take on the world, Stitch from “Lilo and Stich” is the perfect embodiment of Aries. He’s fiery, spontaneous, and always out for adventure. Originally, he had quite the temper, but over time learned to channel his impulsive energy and intensity into supportive and loving relationships. Aries will easily relate to this. Esmerelda from “the Hunchback of Notre Dame” has the beauty, passion and tenacity of the zodiac sign Taurus. She is also extremely loyal, eager to follow her heart and express herself. She values her relationships and is unafraid to stand up for what she believes. Spontaneous, excitable and curious about life and the world, Olaf is the perfect embodiment of the zodiac sign Gemini. He is willing to bring his very special perspective to the characters in “Frozen” and is one of the most humorous and charming ones of all. As a fan-favorite, he’s always ready with a quippy one-liner or witty message. What better character to represent Cancer than an actual crab, eh? Sebastian from “the Little Mermaid” is easily one of the most memorable characters from the animated films. He’s loyal, protective and always seeks to bring a nurturing energy to his relationships. He can have a hard shell to crack but is deeply loving underneath it all. What better character to symbolize a  Leo than the actual king of Pride Rock? Simba is a beloved character from “the Lion King” and goes through a great deal of maturation throughout his films. He’s courageous, passionate, romantic and always looking to find his strength. His desire to become a leader and own his power are characteristics that all Leos embrace in their lives. As a natural giver, eager to help all others and the world around him, Jack Skellington from “the Nightmare Before Christmas” is definitely a Virgo. He is service-oriented, intelligent and detail-focused: all traits possessed by this Earth sign. He also has incredible organizational talents, able to rally others and do his best to make the world a better place. When it comes to a character with the spice, charm and flair of a Libra, it would most definitely be Tinkerbell from “Peter Pan.” Tinkerbell is beautiful, flashy and filled with wit, all characteristics of this zodiac sign. She also deeply focused on her most significant partnership, being protective of who she loves most in this world. Mighty, fearsome and especially moody, the Beast from “Beauty and the Beast” is most certainly aligned with the zodiac sign of Scorpio. He values his private time and secrecy and will bare his teeth and show his strength to threaten anyone who seeks to intimidate him. However, he is also deeply sensitive on the inside and quite loyal and loving, too. With a heart of gold and an adventurous spirit, the Genie from “Aladdin” is definitely a Sagittarius. He is feisty, humorous and always willing to be spontaneous. He’s also deeply optimistic and a dreamer, always envisioning what wonderful fantasies lie ahead. While he starts the first film caged up–he inherently craves freedom. Capricorns, as the zodiac sign known for their ambitious and practical nature, are linked to Mickey Mouse. Of all characters that have come from Disney, Mickey Mouse is the most iconic one of all. His ability to be showcased in all kinds of media, series and beyond reveals that in a sense, Mickey Mouse was always out to build a legacy and an empire. These are traits this Earth sign also possesses. To infinity and beyond is a key motto for Aquarius. This is what aligns them so well with Buzz Lightyear from “Toy Story.” Buzz sets his sights on space and has a natural link to technology and exploration, which are key traits of this Air sign. This is what allows them to dream big and look to the future. Of course Dora from “Finding Nemo” would be a Pisces! Dora is creative, expressive and excitable, always ready to swish her tail and swim off into newfound seas! While she can initially be a bit timid and forgetful, traits that Pisces can sometimes exhibit, she has the sweetest and most sensitive heart of all. Special thanks to Paul Florez-Taylor and Luke James for collaborating with me on this article! Comic Book King Paul Florez founded and hosts the Power of X-Men podcast, a podcast dedicated to all things Marvel in comics, movie, and pop culture. He previously worked at Marvel Entertainment and HarperCollins, and his writing has appeared in the Huffington Post, The Advocate, Slice Magazine, HelloGiggles, Queerty, Gay.com, Burrow Press, The Liar’s League, Dead Rabbits, and Wizard Magazine. Luke James is an artist and cosplayer with a special soft spot for everything MCU. He’s all about everything in geekdom, especially Avatar and Pokémon. In his spare time, he’s either in the gym hitting the weights or learning chaos magic in practice to become the next Scarlet Witch. Professionally he protects the public by being a real-life superhero as a firefighter. Astrology 101: Your guide to the stars Kyle Thomas is a globally recognized pop culture astrologer who has been featured in “Access Hollywood,” E! Entertainment, NBC & ABC television, Cosmopolitan Magazine, Hulu, Bustle, Elite Daily, Marie Claire and more. He is known for his cosmic guidance for celebrities, business executives and prominent influencers. His work harnesses the power of the stars in regards to entertainment lifestyle and trends affecting people worldwide. For more information, visit KyleThomasAstrology.com.