Maya Rudolph is taking a bite out of the M&M’s candy controversy. The “SNL” alum said Monday that she is “thrilled” to be taking over as spokesperson for M&M’s as the company puts their “spokescandies” back in the refrigerator, reported TODAY.com. “I’m thrilled to be working with M&M’s,” Rudolph, 50, said. “I am a lifelong lover of the candy and I feel like it’s such an honor to be asked to be part of such a legendary brand’s campaign.” The “Bridesmaids” star will appear in the candy’s Super Bowl commercial during the big game on Feb. 12, but remained tight-lipped over details in her statement, saying only there will be “lots of fun” moments in the ad. “It’s a very fun pairing, if I do say so myself,” said the “Big Mouth” actress. “I think little Maya would be thrilled to get to work with M&M’s.” In response, M&M’s released a statement regarding the appointment. “In the last year, we’ve made some changes to our beloved spokescandies. We weren’t sure if anyone would notice. And we definitely didn’t think it would break the internet,” reads the statement. “But now we get it — even a candy’s shoes can be polarizing. Which was the last thing M&M’s wanted since we’re all about bringing people together.” “Therefore, we decided to take an indefinite pause from the spokescandies,” continued the statement. “In their place, we are proud to announce a spokesperson America can agree on: the beloved Maya Rudolph.” The classic American confection sparked controversy last year when Mars Incorporated, the brand’s parent company, released a “refreshed” look for their mascots to “reflect today’s society.” Several of the animated candies underwent a massive redesign — Miss Green hung up her high-heeled boots for sneakers, while the brown M&M upgraded to sensible heels —  prompting Fox News personality Tucker Carlson to declare the candies “less sexy” and “too woke.” “M&M’s will not be satisfied until every last cartoon character is deeply unappealing and totally androgynous. Until the moment you wouldn’t want to have a drink with any one of them. That’s the goal,” said Carlson. “Mars has delivered some of the most buzz-worthy Super Bowl moments over the years, and we’re inspired by the M&M’s brand being back in the mix in a new way for 2023,” said Mars’ chief marketing officer Gabrielle Wesley in a statement.