A column of letter-writers: Unsigned: “You say nice things about your mom but thank God for legal voting in a Democrat society! Best man won. Go Biden!”. . . Joan: “Picking on Prince Harry is disrespectful. Get over yourself. However, I still read your rancid articles anyway.” Lady named Mule: “Appreciate your humor. You hand me a laugh or three every column. I get The Post to read you and Goodwin.” Joanne: “Entitled to your opinion, but Jill Biden doesn’t need a stylist. In your own damn newspaper women in their 70s look great!” Mr. Vassallo: “You’re an old bitch who uses her bat mitzvah photo in her column.” Wedelich writes: “Thank you for making me laugh, making me cry and I marvel how you’re able to keep me captive so many years.” Spiegel from Sunnyside: “Love your column. You know things nobody else does. Always look forward to it. When you’re off a few days the paper’s not the same.” Francine from Westbury: “I crack up with your J.Lo comments. Who cares about that pompous jerk. God Bless You!” Mr. Taylor from Brooklyn: “You’re not following science when you characterize Ivermectin as a horse medicine. I’m done with your newspaper.”…Queens Villager: “Loved the 4-parter ‘Gossip’ on you.”… Teddy: “Love everything you write. And love when you write about Ken and Barbie.” An investigator wrote about Rosie O’Donnell. An unhappy wife wrote about Kathie Lee. From East 60th: “How can you say Biden hasn’t faced his own tragedies. You are over for me.”… Marion: “You wrote a wonderful column recently. Truth be told I don’t read you often.” Suffern, NY: “I’ve read you for decades. Keep writing. You’re the only one who tells the truth. I’m surprised they let you.”…Marie from Boca: “Thanks for all you do. I’m concerned for the USA. God bless you.” On red, white and blue stationery: “I love your patriotism. I love your love for New York.”… From a law firm: “What the hell do you know? Most people do not like petulant child Donald.” From Clearwater, a talking card tells me in Trump’s voice: “Make Valentine’s Day Great Again!” Mr. Kerrigan from Brooklyn: “You continue to produce the most entertaining column in New York.” Suzanne from Georgia: “You’re in my mind lately. I admire your ability to carry on.” Weiss from Delray Beach: “I subscribe for my daily Post delivery just to read you.” Park Avenue’s Shauneen: “You are an inspiration,” and encloses her goat curry recipe. Unsigned Manhattanite: “You’re really loosing [that’s their spelling] it. Can’t believe they still let you work at The Post. Guess it’s because all the others are dead.” Richard from Rye Brook: “If Ken Cuccinelli, Susan Lucci, Anthony Scaramucci do an Italian restaurant it’d be called Cooch, Looch and Mooch.”… West 58th’s Suarez: “Few dailies now worth the time or money. Fortunately you’re still there. Keep it up.”… An anti-Trumper genteelly called me “w—e bitch” twice and “dumb bitch” once. New Jersey’s Patricia invited me to her home. An unsigned handwritten card: “No wonder a woman has not won the presidency — it’s because of writers like you!” Speaking of critics, this bad dude accosted a passerby on a dark street and asked: “Got a black belt in karate?” Passerby: “No.” Thief: “In that case this is a stick-up.” Only in New York, kids, only in New York.