Alec Baldwin smiled Friday morning as he was spotted for the first time since he was charged with involuntary manslaughter for the fatal 2021 shooting on the set of his film ‘Rust.’ Baldwin, 64, appeared in New York City one day after New Mexico prosecutors announced the charges against him and armorer Hannah Guitierres-Reed. He tried to hide as he entered the Film Center Building on 9th Ave, but pictures showed at one point he had a smile on his face. Earlier he had dived into an awaiting van while his wife, Hilaria, lured the press away from the site by donning a cheeky “Empathy” sweatshirt and making a short statement as a distraction. As Baldwin made to exit his building’s side entrance, yoga instructor Hilaria, 39, led the press to the corner for a statement she was “only going to say…once,” which turned out to be “I’m not going to say anything to you. You know that. “ The latest on the film set shooting of Halyna Hutchins Baldwin, who previously denied responsibility for firing a real bullet that had been mistakenly loaded into a prop gun which killed cinematographer Halyna Hutchins said yesterday he would fight the charges. Hutchins had been standing in front of Baldwin as they rehearsed a scene in a church in which he was to draw a weapon in Oct. 2021. “This decision distorts Halyna Hutchins’ tragic death and represents a terrible miscarriage of justice,” the Emmy winner’s lawyer Luke Nikas told The Post. Nikas said the actor was “blindsided” by the charges. “Mr. Baldwin had no reason to believe there was a live bullet in the gun — or anywhere on the movie set,” he continued.“He relied on the professionals with whom he worked, who assured him the gun did not have live rounds.” Baldwin previously settled a wrongful death suit filed by Hutchins’ family for an undisclosed amount. Gutierrez-Reed’s lawyer, Jason Bowles, told The Post that the 25-year-old is “very emotional,” but will also fight the charges. “[The charges are the] result of a very flawed investigation, and an inaccurate understanding of the full facts,” he said.