The Yankees aren’t shying away from an upcoming battle at shortstop. With spring training slated to open in less than a month, Aaron Boone said again that rookie Oswald Peraza and top prospect Anthony Volpe — along with incumbent Isiah Kiner-Falefa — will get serious looks before Opening Day. “It will be a battle,” Boone said on YES Network’s “Hot Stove” on Thursday night. The manager praised Peralta’s performance from the latter part of last season and said Volpe, who finished 2022 at Triple-A Scranton/Wilkes-Barre, “is gonna get a lot of reps in spring training.” Typically, the Yankees prefer young players to play at least close to a full season at one minor league level before moving up, and Volpe played just 21 games at SWB after being promoted from Double-A Somerset. Still, Boone didn’t rule out Volpe making it to The Bronx at some point next season. “He hasn’t had a lot of Triple-A time, but you never know,’’ Boone said. “He could still kick the door in and force the onus [of a decision] on us. We’ll have to see how it plays out and make a decision there.” As for Kiner-Falefa, who was benched in the playoffs due to what Boone called “pressing” on defense, the manager said, “[He’s] a guy who we feel is capable of being a starting big-league shortstop.” But Boone also noted that Kiner-Falefa was “versatile.” With DJ LeMahieu working out at the team’s complex in Tampa and appearing healthy after dealing with a fractured foot last season, the Yankees have plenty of decisions to make regarding their infield this spring. As for the rotation, Boone said Frankie Montas — shut down with shoulder inflammation — is expected to begin a throwing program in the “next few days.” Montas is about 8-10 weeks behind in his offseason schedule, a source said Saturday, and Boone said the Yankees will treat the right-hander’s injury cautiously, especially considering Montas dealt with a similar injury for much of the second half of last season. “We’re gonna play it conservatively with him because he’s had this lingering nuisance [of an injury] going on over the last half-year,’’ Boone said. “We want to be smart with it and make sure he’s healthy.” Although Boone declined to put a possible target date on Montas’ return, the right-hander acquired from Oakland at last year’s trade deadline is expected to be out at least the first month of the regular season, with Domingo German and Clarke Schmidt the likely candidates to be in the rotation.