The last four NHL seasons have included anything but stability for Jimmy Vesey. He bounced from Buffalo to Toronto to Vancouver to New Jersey. Then, by October, he was back with the Rangers. He needed professional tryout contracts to create his last two one-year deals. Those summers were “stressful for me,” Vesey said, “just not having a contract and waiting around and then coming to camp on PTOs.” But after the Rangers signed Vesey to a two-year contract extension Wednesday — a deal with an average annual value of $800,000, according to The Post’s Mollie Walker — Vesey knows where he’ll be playing through the 2024-25 season. It provides a mixture of relief and validation for the 29-year-old forward, who has compiled 12 points through 38 games this year while also carving out a role on the Blueshirts’ penalty kill. “I feel comfortable here and always wanted to be here,” Vesey said after Wednesday’s practice. “It’s a great feeling, and I’m excited to be a part of it for two years after this.” Everything came together quickly for Vesey and his contract, he said. The deal was agreed upon Tuesday. Then, it was finalized Wednesday. Vesey hadn’t thought much about the possibility of an extension until recently, he said, but he felt like his production had been strong since signing a one-year deal in October. Those tangible contributions, he hoped, would make the Rangers want to keep him around longer. New York was already a familiar place for Vesey. He signed his entry-level deal with the Rangers in 2016 — after Nashville drafted Vesey in 2012, Buffalo traded for his rights four years later and neither team reached an agreement with him. He also played against the Blueshirts four times last year while with the Devils. There was a new coaching staff and mostly new teammates from his first stint with the Rangers, though. Vesey needed to make impressions again once his tryout began. “He knew what he had to do,” Rangers forward Vincent Trocheck said. “He knew that he was trying to earn his way onto a hockey team that was already pretty much built, so it wasn’t going to be easy.” Vesey handled the delicacy of a tryout in an “extremely professional way,” Trocheck said. He ebbed and flowed between the different lines, and head coach Gerard Gallant said Wednesday that Vesey’s versatility and ability to play on a variety of lines has stood out. Recently, Vesey killed “a lot of penalties for us,” Gallant said — his 56.1 shorthanded minutes in 2022-23 sit fourth among forwards on the team. “He’s found a way and he worked hard and … he came to camp and impressed everybody,” Gallant said. “And he continues to do it.” Vesey was grateful when the Rangers offered him a second chance following his tryout, extending a contract that served as the foundation — and a window of opportunity — for his next deal. The league’s negotiating window for general managers and players on one-year deals opened Sunday, according to The Post’s Larry Brooks, and just three days later, Vesey’s next stage was solidified. He didn’t tell a lot of people about the pending extension Tuesday night, when everything was still getting finalized. But as Wednesday’s optional skate neared, the congratulatory messages had started to roll in, Vesey said. Family and friends had watched him navigate the uncertain offseasons and witnessed his stress. That’s why the deal, in turn, sparked a “good feeling.” Everyone was “really happy,” Vesey said. “He did a great job at earning what he got,” Trocheck said.