She was deemed NSPW: Not safe-for-police-work. The Colorado cop who was allegedly ousted from the force over her OnlyFans side-hustle has gotten the last laugh: She now makes five figures a month from her DIY porn career, and even gets “marriage proposals” on the reg. “I love what I do, and I have absolutely no regrets,” said Melissa Williams, 46, of her unorthodox badge to riches story. “It’s a year now since I left the police and I am having the time of my life.” The former Arapahoe Sheriff’s County Police officer claims she makes over $27,000 a month selling saucy snaps on the adult entertainment platform, where she is one of the most popular creators, Jam Press reported. If that wasn’t enough, Williams — known by her porn alias Lieutenant Bella Lexi —  also shot her first ever X-rated flick and even inked her first book deal. And the rewards aren’t limited to copping major cash: “I love interacting with my fans and they clearly love me, as I get around 10 marriage proposals every week,” gushed the self-proclaimed “Ex Cop turned FILTHY MILF Model,” claiming she frequently gets propositioned by former colleagues on the force. This marked an amazing turnaround for Williams, who was allegedly booted off the force in 2021 for selling salacious OnlyFans snaps on the side. The 28-year police veteran — who reportedly retired from the Arapahoe County Sheriff’s Office after more than 11 years there — had apparently started moonlighting on the porn platform in May 2020 as a means of spicing up her sex life with her husband and also decompressing from her difficult and dangerous job. Williams predominantly shared saucy snaps of herself and her husband, who has opted to remain anonymous for privacy reasons. “A lot of the material my husband and I shared is stuff we’d taken in our private sex life over the years,” explained the mother of two, who frequently shares saucy snaps to her over 104,000 Instagram followers. She deemed the hot-to-trot hobby a “fun way to relax and be creative together” when not doing her grueling job, which required her to put in 60-hour weeks. The former lawwoman had reportedly been doing under-the-covers work for 18 months, when the cop’s boss was supposedly tipped off about her salacious side hustle, whereupon he sent her an official email complaint. It was then that Williams discovered colleagues had been gossiping about her sextra-curricular activities — with some even signing up for her page. The retired officer said she felt “angry and embarrassed” because the notice said her coworkers “had obtained access to my private account to access my private content so they could investigate my conduct.” However, in reality, she felt they’d actually just wanted to see her “naked” under the guise of doing police work, adding that her salacious snaps were disseminated around the office. “I didn’t consider my OnlyFans page to be a work matter,” she said of the skin-quisition. Williams, subsequently departed the force on advice of a doctor, and negotiated a $30,000 severance package. Now, it appears that Williams got the ultimate revenge of being a big sex-cess. Not only did the budding adult star’s earning fans quintuple — she was reportedly only making $4,000 per month when she quit — but she made her adult film debut earlier this year, which she “absolutely loved.” “I was really nervous the first time but they were all so professional and so patient and so kind, and it went really well, and I was hooked,” Wiliams described. “Essentially, having sex on camera is just work.” She added, “It’s not intimate like when I have sex with my husband but it is a fun experience being an actress and doing it on camera.” Williams even claimed that her porn colleagues were way more “professional” and respectful than most of the police officers she worked with. And while going from cop to sex star might seem like a cliché porn fantasy scenario in and of itself, Williams has called working in the adult industry a “liberating and hugely” empowering experience that allowed her to “explore my sexuality.” William’s upcoming book, which is slated to come out in May, will reportedly focus on relationships and dating. “I am thrilled to be a writer now and be able to use my experience on the force to help other women,” said the ex-officer of copping a deal. She reportedly even started receiving messages from people looking for relationship advice. Ultimately, she wants to “continue using my background to help others.” “I still feel like I am just getting started on my new career and enjoying all of the travel, people and online interactions along the way,” said Williams. The ex-cop isn’t the first cop to turn to porn after being kicked off the force. In June 2021, an Australian cop — who got sacked for snorting coke off a Playboy model’s nude body — revealed that he started an OnlyFans page with the same woman.