The 8-month-old son of Massachusetts mother Lindsay Clancy was pronounced dead Friday, just two days after the mom of three was charged with murdering her two older children and attempting to kill the youngest, the Plymouth County District Attorney’s office confirmed. Clancy, 32, was hospitalized in police custody Wednesday night after her husband, Patrick, returned to their Duxbury home to find their three children “unconscious, with obvious signs of trauma.” Cora, 5, and Dawson, 3, were pronounced dead at the hospital. Although the medical examiner has yet to determine the cause of death, the children appeared to have been strangled. Calen, who turned 8 months old on Thursday, was flown in critical condition to Boston Children’s Hospital, where he later died. Clancy also reportedly attempted to take her own life by jumping out a window before medics arrived at the Summer Street home. She is now recovering in a Boston hospital. “In the 25 minutes it took him to pick up takeout, the unthinkable happened,” radio host John DePetro reported of Patrick’s tragic discovery on Friday, citing one of the couple’s friends. DePetro also noted that Clancy, who was on leave from her job as a labor and delivery nurse at Massachusetts General Hospital, was seeking intensive therapy for postpartum depression and anxiety. “Curious to hear a statement from the individuals treating her and what was missed. Sounds like she was in a desperate situation,” he said. Clancy was reportedly somewhat open about her mental struggles, having shared on Facebook in July that she finally felt “dialed in” again, six weeks after the birth of her third child. Sources have told CBS Boston that authorities are considering the possibility that Clancy was suffering from postpartum psychosis. At a vigil for the family at Duxbury’s Holy Family Church Thursday night, Rev. Robert J. Deehan said the community was “devastated and heartbroken” by the tragedy. “All of us here in Duxbury are beyond devastated and heartbroken at the news of what happened to this young family,” he said. He insisted that he was praying for Clancy, noting she was clearly struggling with “overwhelming mental illness.” Renae McLaughlin, a postpartum care nurse, told the Patriot Ledger after the service that postnatal mental health can be a severe struggle for all mothers. “They’re overwhelmed,” she said. If you are struggling with suicidal thoughts or are experiencing a mental health crisis and live in New York City, you can call 1-888-NYC-WELL for free and confidential crisis counseling. If you live outside the five boroughs, you can dial the 24/7 National Suicide Prevention hotline at 988 or go to SuicidePreventionLifeline.org.