Styx is on a humble mission in 2023. They’re simply trying to take over the world “one amphitheater at a time.” And the classic rockers should be able to accomplish that goal with relative ease on their upcoming 29-concert North American Tour from January through July. On the road, expect to hear all the classics you know and love from the rockers like “Mr. Roboto,” “Come Sail Away,” “Renegade,” “Lady” and “Too Much Time On My Hands” as well as a track or two from their 2021 album “Crash of the Crown.” Still not sold? Well, we should mention that ticket prices for some concerts are as low as $17 before fees on Vivid Seats at the time of publication. We knew that would work. So, if you want to see the unclassifiable group — are they hard rock, pop or both? — live this year, here’s everything you need to know.  Starting Jan. 6 in Corbin, KY, Styx will work their way all over North America up until their July 15 Chippewa Falls, WI gig which closes the run. Before that final show, the group that brought the world “Mr. Roboto” will swing into notable locales like Orlando (Jan. 18), Las Vegas (Jan. 27 through Feb. 4), Phoenix (March 9-10), Grand Prairie, TX (April 13) and Columbia, SC (April 21). A complete Styx calendar featuring all upcoming tour dates, venues, show start times and links to buy tickets can be found here.  Having been formed over 50 years ago in Chicago, IL, Styx has clearly seen a lot of turnover in the past half century since day one in 1972. Who will you see if you catch the band live in 2023? Great question. These days, the group is made up of Chuck Panozzo (bass, Styx co-founder), James “J.Y.” Young (lead guitarist, original member of Styx), Tommy Shaw (co-lead vocalist, joined the group in 1975), Todd Sucherman (drummer since 1995), Lawrence Gowan (lead vocalist, keyboardist since 1999), Ricky Phillips (bass guitarist since 2003) and Will Evankovich (singer-songwriter since 2021). While we can’t guarantee all of the above will be present at the show of your choosing, we’d put money on a variation of the core seven appearing at the concert you attend. You can explore all things Styx on the band’s site here.  Even though most of these groups got their start over 50 years ago, they’re still rocking as hard as they were in a pre-Reagan world. And while there are plenty of classic rock acts on tour in 2023, here are our five favorites you won’t want to miss live when they come to a city near you. • Bruce Springsteen and the E Street Band • Dead and Company • Billy Joel with Stevie Nicks • Jimmy Buffett • Eagles