UK Prime Minister Rishi Sunak was slapped with a police fine after he was caught not wearing a seatbelt in a moving vehicle. After posting a video of himself promoting the government’s new funding policy, it became apparent that Sunak did not clip his seatbelt as he sat in the backseat. In the since-deleted clip, filmed in Lancashire, England, during Sunak’s trip across the northern part of the country, the Prime Minister seemingly broke the law that has been in place since 1983. Lancashire Police have since issued a $123 fixed penalty fine to the 42-year-old Tory leader, who has accepted to pay it. “The prime minister fully accepts this was a mistake and has apologized,” Sunak’s office told The Post. “He will of course comply with the fixed penalty.” Passengers caught failing to wear a seatbelt can be issued a fine of $123 (£100). If the case goes to court, the fine can increase to $620 (£500). Lancashire Police told The Post in a statement, “You will be aware that a video has been circulating on social media showing an individual failing to wear a seatbelt while a passenger in a moving car in Lancashire. “After looking into this matter, we have today issued a 42-year-old man from London with a conditional offer of fixed penalty.” It’s the second time Sunak has been handed a fine for breaking the law while in government. He previously breached lockdown rules and was subsequently fined by London’s Metropolitan Police for attending a birthday party when social distancing was in place. Former Prime Minister Boris Johnson was also fined. The Labour Party has since slammed Sunk’s law-breaking journey, saying he’s been turned into a “laughing stock.” “Hapless Rishi Sunak’s leveling-up photo op has blown up in his face and turned him into a laughing stock,” a Labour spokesperson told The Post. “He started the week hoping people would be grateful for a partial refund on the money that has been stripped from them over 13 years of the Tories. But instead he got a warring party and yet another fine from the police. “Just when you thought this Tory government couldn’t get any more ridiculous, they manage it.”