“Yellowstone” actor Cole Hauser swapped his cowboy hat and chaps for a simple navy polo and baseball cap, shocking fans during a day out with his family. Hauser, who plays Rip Wheeler on the show, posted a photo of himself with his family Monday at Disney World on Instagram, sporting a much different look than fans of the Paramount series are used to seeing. “Great time yesterday! Thx to Julia and John and all the staff at Disney for a wonderful experience,” wrote the 47-year-old actor, posing in the picture with his wife, Cynthia Daniel, and their two sons, Ryland and Colt. The couple’s daughter, Steely Rose, was not in the shot. Several of Hauser’s fans were shocked to see the actor in real life since his character sports dark brown hair and a beard in the show. “Rip taking a vacation from the dreaded black dye — I am sure your family is happy to have their ginger back home,” commented one fan about his natural hair color. “You are almost unrecognizable! Great disguise you got there,” another chimed in. “You definitely blend in so you could actually enjoy your vacation without fans bugging ya. Have fun sir,” a third said. “Yellowstone,” which streams on Paramount+, follows the Dutton family, owners of the largest farming land in Montana, as they deal with internal family struggles as well as issues with the neighboring Broken Rock Indian Reservation, Yellowstone National Park and other external forces. Hauser is known for playing ranch foreman Rip Wheeler, who is fiercely loyal to the Dutton patriarch, John Dutton III ( played by Kevin Costner). The fifth and most recent season aired in November 2022 and went on its midseason break on January 1, 2023. It is still unclear whether or not the series will be renewed for a sixth season. “Yellowstone” has spawned four spin-off series, including two prequels. The first of the prequels called “1883,” focuses on the Dutton’s journey out west and stars Sam Elliott, Tim McGraw and Faith Hill as the Dutton forebears. The most recent prequel called “1923” aired in February 2022 and focuses on the Duttons during the Westward expansion, roaring ’20s and Great Depression eras. It was announced that Dame Helen Mirren and “Star Wars” alum Harrison Ford would join the cast. The series is expected to only run for two seasons.