It was more of a drizzle than a shower. A compassionate pal has gone viral after sharing that no one showed up to her best friend’s baby shower — despite the fact that 17 guests had previously confirmed their attendance. The clip, viewed more than 775,900 times since last month, shows a lavishly decorated rental space with several tables and chairs, a balloon tower and building blocks that spell “baby.” “People can be cold. She deserves so much more,” reads the video’s caption. “POV: you spent weeks planning and preparing your bestie’s baby shower,” the in-video text reads. According to the friend, both she and the mom-to-be had high hopes for the party. “We were both so excited for the shower,” wrote the TikToker. “I start making all the fun decorations. “But hours before the shower, people started to text her,” continued the video, showing various messages from the guests saying that they could not make it. “Everyone messaging saying sorry can’t make it.” “17 people sent back an RSVP, but not a single person came,” slammed the woman. “Somehow she managed to smile through it. But I knew her heart was crushed.” After the event, the TikToker show a text message from the mother saying that she “could not stop crying.” “My face and eyes are so swollen that I can barely open them,” read the text messages. The woman then took to Facebook to slam the guests for not showing up when they said they would. “Usually I wouldn’t say anything, but I do want to express how important it is to let people know if you are not going to be attending,” she wrote on the event’s Facebook page. “17 people RSVP’d, and not a single one showed up. “I understand that life happens — so please don’t commit to events that you aren’t 100% sure you will be attending,” she continued. “It would’ve been easier just to reschedule.” According to the woman, she did not receive a single response to the post. “I love you and will always be here for you bestie,” the party planner said at the end of the TikTok. Viewers were evidently dissappointed by the lack of support shown for a pregnant woman. “One friend like you is worth the 17 that didn’t show,” said one user. “And them 17 wouldn’t have heard from me ever again,” said another. “This happened to me except for my wedding,” chimed in a third person. “Almost no one on my side of friends/family showed up. So embarrassing when they RSVPd.”