“When we make mistakes, we acknowledge them in public and we correct them.” — NY Times publisher A.G. Sulzberger, Tuesday We say: Hmm. Maybe the raft of false Times stories about Russian collusion, its dismissal of The Post’s 100%-true Hunter Biden laptop scoops, its “1619 Project” and its numerous other works of fiction presented as fact weren’t actually “mistakes” — but deliberate disinfo. After all, most went uncorrected or at best got muted “clarifications” well after the fact. Or maybe Sulzberger is full of it. “If you live in one of those [black] neighborhoods … you pay more for your [car] insurance. No basis for it … other than you’re black.” — President Biden, Monday We say: Sorry, Mr. President. Insurers charge based on factors like your age, driving record and losses in your neighborhood. Not skin color. If you live in an area with high losses, expect to pay more — whether you’re black or white. We say: “Land stolen from the Palestinians?” Please. Tlaib is echoing dubious claims by Rashid Khalidi (once a PLO spokesman) that his family-owned land is now being considered for the US embassy in Jerusalem. Yet the State Department hasn’t even made a decision on a location and says a potential site’s history will be considered. Besides, if Khalidi’s family truly has a claim to the land, he can pursue it in court, as other Palestinians have. “[Emissions are] boiling the oceans, creating … rain bombs … and causing these waves of refugees.” — Ex-VP Al Gore, Wednesday We say: Will this guy ever quit his climate-change hype? No oceans are boiling. Migrants aren’t fleeing weather disasters but bad governments and weak economies. Gore also warned that greenhouse gases are trapping the same heat as from 600,000 Hiroshima A-bombs every day. And he’s compared climate change to 9/11, the Battle of the Bulge, Dunkirk and more. Yet those events came and went over, at most, a few weeks; Gore’s been ranting for nearly three decades. We say: Poor Meathead. His Trump Derangement Syndrome has really turned acute. He now suggests we skip raiding Biden’s home or even looking into any wrongdoing over the documents found there and at the Biden Penn Center and simply “clear” him. Then, quickly “indict” former President Donald Trump — seemingly no need for any probe or criminal evidence there either. That’s Reiner’s idea of the “Rule of Law.” Clearly he needs help fast. Compiled by The Post Editorial Board