Fans of a certain age who root for the Giants, looking ahead to this Sunday’s playoff game, will smile, wince and rejoice as they think back to previous postseason matchups against the Vikings. There are only three to review. The first was fairly routine and also historically significant. The second was definitely galling. The third was undeniably enthralling. Does any of this reminiscing have anything to do with this Giants team and this upcoming game? Inside the building, no. Head coach Brian Daboll needs to focus on only one aspect of the Giants-Vikings past to keep his team laser-focused: the very recent past. On Christmas Eve, the Giants and Vikings engaged in a down-to-the-wire battle inside U.S. Bank Stadium, which the Vikings won, 27-24, on Greg Joseph’s 61-yard field goal as time expired. The Giants left Minneapolis bemoaning three critical mistakes — a fumble by rookie tight end Daniel Bellinger, a rare interception thrown by Daniel Jones and a blocked punt — that compromised their upset chances. The Giants left town believing they might see the Vikings again and confident that if they did, they could finish the job the next time around. What happened years ago has no bearing on what happens this weekend. Fans, though, always keep big wins and bigger losses in their hearts and minds. Here is a look at the three previous Giants-Vikings playoff encounters: 1993 NFC Wild Card gameGiants 17, Vikings 10Jan. 9, 1994 at Giants Stadium In his first year as the head coach, Dan Reeves restored Giants pride and dignity after two tumultuous and embarrassing seasons under Ray Handley. It was a windy day at the Meadowlands, not conducive to a high-flying passing attack, but perfect for a hard-charging running back. Enter Rodney Hampton. The Giants trailed 10-3 at halftime after Jim McMahon hit Cris Carter on a 40-yard touchdown pass (working with the wind), but the second half was all Giants and all Hampton. He scored on touchdown runs of 51 and 2 yards as the Giants defense pitched a second-half shutout. Hampton finished with 161 yards. This game also is noteworthy for being the final home game for Lawrence Taylor and Phil Simms. The Giants were routed, 44-3, the next week in San Francisco in the final NFL game for those two franchise legends. 1997 NFC Wild Card gameVikings 23, Giants 22Dec. 27, 1997 at Giants Stadium There were not great expectations for the Giants in the first season for rookie head coach Jim Fassel. So be it. Fassel was named the NFL Coach of the Year after guiding his upstart team to a record of 10-5-1 and first place in the NFC East. There did not seem to be any way to put a negative spin on what he accomplished, but then came this playoff game, one of the worst postseason collapses in team history. The Giants led 22-13 at the two-minute warning, thanks to Brad Daluiso’s five field goals and one touchdown pass by Danny Kanell, when everything went awry. A bad punt by Brad Maynard put the Vikings at midfield, and Randall Cunningham tossed a 30-yard touchdown pass to Jake Reed to bring the Vikings within 22-20 with 1:30 remaining. All the Giants needed to do to secure the victory and book a second-round game against the defending Super Bowl champion Packers in Green Bay was to recover the onside kick. They could not do it. Wide receiver Chris Calloway, perhaps the most sure-handed player on the roster, could not hang onto the bouncing ball, and the Vikings recovered. Cornerback Phillippi Sparks committed a pass interference penalty, and Eddie Murray hit a 24-yard field goal to win it for the Vikings. Cancel the trip to Lambeau Field. ‘’It’s a very bitter pill to swallow,” Fassel said. Added Kanell, ”It’s like a bad dream and you wish you would wake up. It’s probably the worst way to go out.’’ 2000 NFC Championship GameGiants 41, Vikings 0Jan. 14, 2001 at Giants Stadium This game was played on what franchise patriarch and team owner Wellington Mara lovingly called “a field of painted mud.’’ The surface was a mess, but the Giants were sublime. It was a game of dreams for Kerry Collins, the revitalized quarterback, who threw for 381 yards and five touchdowns, including a 46-yard howitzer to Ike Hilliard four plays into the game. After the Vikings fumbled the ensuing kickoff, Collins hit fullback Greg Comella in the end zone, and the rout was on. The heralded Vikings offense was humiliated by a defense under the direction of John Fox. Cornerback Jason Sehorn took all-world receiver Randy Moss out of the game. Fassel was carried off the field on his players’ shoulders. What happened two weeks later in Super Bowl XXXV in Tampa was a stunning downer, and that 34-7 loss to the Ravens unfairly diminishes the affection so many Giants fans have for the NFC title game blowout victory. The Giants were a winning team this season without being a dominant team. They were outscored overall, 371-365. Yet they won nine games, lost seven and tied one. The final regular-season NFL team stats reflect that the Giants are an ascending team with plenty more work to do. Here is how they finished in the standard team categories: Offense Total yards: 18th (333.9 yards per game)Passing yards: 26th (185.7)Rushing yards: 4th (148.2)Points scored: 16th (21.5) Defense Total yards: 25th (358.2 yards allowed per game)Passing yards: 14th (214.0)Rushing yards: 27th (144.2)Points allowed: 18th (218.0) The Giants fared better when you look deeper into the numbers. Here is where they ranked in more esoteric categories on offense: First in 3rd-and-1 and 4th-and-1 conversions (87%)Second in fewest giveaways (16)Third in red zone yards per play (3.47)Tied for third in drives of at least five minutes (33)Fourth in rushing yards per game (148.2) and total rushing touchdowns (21)Seventh in red zone touchdown efficiency (63.3%)Ninth in rushes + completions per game (50.9)Ninth in third-and-10+ conversions (22.2%) The Giants finished in the top 10 in these defensive categories: First in red zone takeaways (5)First in opponents’ third-and-short (less than four yards) conversions (50%)Tied for second in fumble recoveries (13)Fourth in fewest points allowed in last two minutes of a half (43)Fifth in opponents’ red zone touchdown efficiency (49.2%)Fifth in opponents’ third down conversions (35.1%) “We’ll see,’’ Daboll said, not once, but twice. That was his response when asked whether wide receiver Kenny Golladay earned some playing time in the playoff game after hauling in a 25-yard touchdown pass Sunday in the regular-season-ending loss to the Eagles. What we will see, most likely, is Golladay’s role unchanged when the Giants face the Vikings.  Darius Slayton, Isaiah Hodgins and Richie James helped the Giants secure their first playoff berth since 2016. Golladay did not. He was an afterthought. He caught six passes for 81 yards in a forgettable season. The touchdown reception against the Eagles — with the other receivers held out to avoid injury — was his first scoring catch in 26 games for the Giants. “Kenny’s worked hard since he’s been here,’’ Daboll said. “Those three guys have done a good job for us. Again, every week’s a different plan, the way we want to do things. I think everything’s on the table.’’ Figure the playoff table Daboll sets has Slayton, Hodgins and James on it and Golladay off to the side. Is this old news? Maybe. Should we be past this by now? Possibly. Can we examine this one last time? Sure. Kayvon Thibodeaux already has more sacks as a rookie — four — than the combined production of Michael Strahan, Osi Umenyiora and Justin Tuck in their first Giants seasons. Not bad. But there are some rough spots that need to be smoothed out. Thibodeaux’s snow angel celebration while quarterback Nick Foles was down on the turf during the Week 17 rout of the Colts was not mean-spirited, but it was in bad taste, even though Thibodeaux did not know at that moment he had injured Foles’ ribs. Thibodeaux saying, “I don’t know who that is,” while shooting down Colts interim head coach Jeff Saturday for ripping the sack celebration was a bit much. Saturday is no great shakes as a coach, but he was a Hall of Fame-caliber center for 13 years with six Pro Bowls, two first-team All Pro honors and one Super Bowl ring. If Thibodeaux attains anything close to those accolades, the Giants will put him in their Ring of Honor. If Thibodeaux does not know who Saturday is, he should find out. Here are two questions that have come up recently that we will attempt to answer as accurately as possible: Who is the Giants’ Most Valuable Player this season? We are not going to pick one here at this moment, but consider this: It could be Dexter Lawrence. His transition to nose tackle was an overwhelming success. Once considered a run-stuffer without much pass-rush prowess, Lawrence led the team with 7.5 sacks. He is tied with Chiefs’ Chris Jones as the top-graded interior defender in the NFL, according to Pro Football Focus, ahead of the Rams’ Aaron Donald (No. 3) and the Jets’ Quinnen Williams (No. 4). PFF has Lawrence leading the league with 40 pressures from an A-gap (between the center and the guard) alignment. Next on the list? D.J. Jones of the Broncos, with 13. That is quite a disparity. When defensive coordinator Wink Martindale called Lawrence the “centerpiece’’ of the defense, he was not blowing smoke. What kind of week will this be for the Giants going into a playoff game? It will be a normal week. A normal workweek, that is. “Normal’’ for the Giants at this time of year, the past five years, was to have the lockers cleaned out and players scattered across the country after the season came to an end. The Giants last played on a Sunday and have their playoff game in Minneapolis on Sunday, making this a traditional week. Players were in for treatment and conditioning on Monday. Tuesday was the customary day off for the players, though many of them, particularly Daniel Jones, made their way into the facility for a workout and an early look at the game plan. There will be the standard Wednesday, Thursday and Friday for practice. The team will travel on Saturday. Yes, the stakes are higher in the postseason and players are advised to spend more time studying and preparing. But this is not akin to cramming for an exam. More is not necessarily better.