The 49ers’ postseason run thus far has been awful Purdy. Riding on the shoulders of rookie quarterback Brock Purdy — who was the last pick in the 2022 NFL Draft — the team rolled to a 41-23 victory against their NFC West rival Seattle Seahawks in the wild-card round of the NFL playoffs. This weekend, Purdy will be put to the test a second time against Dak Prescott’s Dallas Cowboys in the Divisional Round at their home field Levi’s Stadium on Sunday, Jan. 22 at 3:30 p.m. PST. Dallas is coming off a 31-14 victory over Tom Brady’s Tampa Bay Buccaneers behind Prescott’s five touchdowns and stellar play from wide receiver CeeDee Lamb and tight end Dalton Schultz. Now, the longtime foes will fight for a spot in the NFC Championship Game. Last season, Kyle Shanahan’s squad eliminated the Cowboys in the wild-card round, advancing to the NFC Championship where they were bested by the Los Angeles Rams. As for Mike McCarthy’s Cowboys, a win this weekend would take them to their first NFC Championship Game since 1995. For context, Prescott was just two years old then. Purdy wouldn’t be born until 1999. So yeah, this is a big one for Dallas. There’s only one catch. If you want to see the Niners duke it out with America’s Team live, tickets won’t come cheap. At the time of publication, the lowest price we could find on tickets was $411 before fees on Vivid Seats. For those wanting to get closer to the action, lower-level seats start at $648 before fees. All prices are subject to fluctuation.  While it may seem like the 49ers cruised to an easy victory over the Seahawks in the Wild Card round, that’s hardly the case. They trailed at halftime and star receiver Deebo Samuel suffered a twisted leg at the hands of Seattle safety Johnathan Abraham. Somehow, officials didn’t make a call on the play but it did fire up his 49ers teammates to take their play to the next level. Want to hear more? You can read the full story here.  History was not on the Cowboys’ side in their Monday night win over the Buccaneers. The team hasn’t won a playoff game on the road since 1992 and Brady was undefeated in his career against them. To hear more about how Dak Prescott and his squad pulled off the big win, here’s everything you need to know.  If you aren’t able to make it out to Levi’s Stadium on Sunday, that’s no biggie. You can catch the game on your local Fox station. Alternatively, streamers can watch via NFL+.  When your eyes aren’t glued to the action on the field, it might be time to start planning some great live experiences for later this year. Here are just five huge concert tours you won’t want to miss in the next few months. • Bruce Springsteen and the E Street Band • Metallica • George Strait • Morgan Wallen • Taylor Swift Still not enough? Check out our list of the 52 biggest artists going on tour in 2023 here.