Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner could see a price hike in their already high-priced rental in Miami Beach. Their six-bedroom, eight-bathroom oceanfront unit is currently estimated at $47,000 per month. But with a new landlord — thanks to the unit just changing hands, according to the Wall Street Journal — there’s a chance their rent could go even higher. Located in Arte, a newly built 16-unit condominium in Surfside, the development has already sold out. Spanning 6,975 square feet, the unit first listed for sale in March 2021 for $17 million. It has since glided on and off the market. In October, it last listed for $18.8 million. The new buyer ended up paying $17 million for the property — $1.8 million less than its last ask. “ARTE Surfside is a piece of real estate that a lot of buyers looked at as a piece of art for their collection of homes,” Miltiadis Kastanis, of Douglas Elliman, said in a statement. “The architecture, interior design, level of finish and dedication to service have made ARTE stand out to a lot of buyers and that helped drive the pricing threshold.” “These residences have become of the most demanded in Miami and after the successful sell out, I continue to get calls from the most affluent buyers and their agents around the world inquiring if a homeowner would consider selling,” Kastanis adds. Trump, 41, Kushner, 42, rented the residence shortly after they said goodbye to the White House in January 2021. The new owner’s real estate agent, Ohad Fisherman of Societe Real Estate, told the Journal the client is expected to take over their lease, which is expected to expire in March. It’s unclear if the couple plans on renewing. The unit features two Gaggenau and Poliform gourmet kitchens with gas cooking, two family rooms, two deep terraces cladded in ipe and a two-car temperature-controlled garage. A private staircase leads to the spa, fitness and poolside oceanfront amenities. “It lives like a house within a full-service ultra-lux complex,” the listing says. Kastanis, along with Dina Goldentayer of Douglas Ellimas are the selling agents involved in the deal.