A former NYPD officer was fatally stabbed in Staten Island on Wednesday night, according to police and sources. Nicholas Nelson, who was fired from the department in 2021, was knifed in the neck around 8 p.m. at 25 Elizabeth Street in West Brighton, police and sources said. Sources said the 37-year-old ex-cop was walking with his kids when he got into an argument with another man. He brought his children home but returned to continue the argument, during which the suspect stabbed him, according to sources. The suspect, described as a man dressed in all black and a ski mask, fled on foot in an unknown direction, police and sources said. No weapon was recovered. Nelson was transported to Richmond University Medical Center where he was pronounced dead at 8:54 p.m., police and sources said. Nelson joined the force in 2008 but was dismissed from NYPD in May 2021 after he was charged with beating up his girlfriend in 2019, and was arrested for driving while intoxicated in 2018, according to police records. According to documents from Nelson’s NYPD disciplinary proceedings, he got into a fight with his girlfriend, who is the mother of his child, on March 16, 2019 in which he “punched her repeatedly, pulled her hair, and dragged her to the floor,” inside of their home while he was intoxicated. The girlfriend suffered bleeding and swelling to the face and cuts on her limbs. When a relative tried to get Nelson off of her, he punched and choked them before leaving the house, breaking the window of another residence on the way, according to documents. He was suspended and demoted from rank of detective. Police noted that in 2012, Nelson forfeited 20 days of vacation and agreed to go to counseling after he pleaded guilty to getting into a physical fight with a woman he shares a child with. It’s not clear if it is the same woman involved in the 2019 incident. On Aug. 24, 2018, while off duty, Nelson got into an accident with another vehicle while drunk driving, according to court documents. “Respondent also acknowledged that he was unfit for duty at the time due to his consumption of alcohol, that he failed to safeguard his firearm, and that he was not in possession of his shield,” officials wrote in the proceedings. He was suspended for 30 days and pleaded guilty to a DUI charge.