It may look like a puzzle — but a new, 745-unit residential complex on the Greenpoint waterfront is more resort than rental, and The Post got an early look inside. Eagle + West was designed by Jason Long of OMA Architects as a “ziggurat and its inverse.” The shorter tower nestles into the taller one as it grows wider on the higher floors. Sitting on a curve where the East River flows into the Newtown Creek, the 400-foot-high Eagle and the 300-foot-tall West are angled to enjoy views in every direction, no matter the floor. Between them, and integrated into their lower floors, are a whopping 42,000 square feet of amenity spaces. These include a fourth-floor fitness center and a yoga studio. There’s also another fitness area on the fifth floor adjacent to a 70-foot indoor lap pool that’s 3.5 feet deep and a huge 8-by-16-foot tiled whirlpool hot tub — as well as a smaller outdoor pool on its own private terrace. Outside, there are several cozy family gathering areas with gas barbeques and tables, ping pong tables and a bocce court. There’s a children’s playroom and an “adult playroom” — a workshop and maker space — with lockers where you can saw, drill, hammer, paint and make a mess far away from your otherwise clean living space. A co-working area includes both private desks and open seating, while a game room has billiards. Another room dubbed “crash pad” has a stage, a projector, a TV and a karaoke machine designed to share sports and celebrations. There are also two large communal spaces. One has 28-foot-high angled ceilings and a test kitchen with a tremendous table that’s perfect for a board meeting or family dinner. The larger Great Room has a fireplace — and it’s easy to simply curl up in a soft window seat with one of its library books or gaze out at passing boats through the floor-to-ceiling windows. A shorter, seven-story all-affordable rental building at 27 Eagle St. sits on the northwest corner of West Street while connecting to the taller towers, and includes spaces for street retail. Restaurants and other retailers will also have spots along the waterfront esplanade that terraces upwards and serves as a river-surge protection barrier for the neighborhood, while connecting walkers and runners to adjacent parks, the Newtown Barge Playground and other area towers. Brookfield Properties and Park Tower Realty collaborated on this project, which is just one of several new towers — One and Two Bell Slip, along with One Blue Slip and The Bellslip — the venture has developed on a 22-acre area called Greenpoint Landing. Another building, Five Blue Slip is 100% affordable, and was co-developed by Park Tower Group and L+M Development Partners. Park Tower also owns three sites with roughly 700,000 square feet of land — just to the south along West Street from Eagle to Huron streets — that are yet to be developed. Both of the Eagle + West towers are sited next to the East River at the dead ends of their streets with the addresses of 1 Eagle St. and 227 West St. The taller Eagle hosts the underground garage, while inside its lobby a floor-to-ceiling glass window and door lead to a planted stairway connecting it to both the outdoor and other amenity spaces on the higher levels. The amenity spaces and interiors, along with the outdoor landscaping, were designed by Marmol Radziner who integrated existing historical elements, such as a huge ship mooring and giant chain on the esplanade, that brave souls often try to lift and move. Rising seamlessly and connecting to the public esplanade, the terraced amenity spaces and private apartment terraces all have glass railings to accentuate the sweeping views. Every apartment has individual heat pumps along with a great perk — built in, high-end woven solar window shades to block the intense sun and prying eyes. Kitchen areas open to the main living spaces, and their thoughtful details include flat kitchen panels that also cover the refrigerators plus dishwashers and washer/dryers. A building-wide laundry room is located near the pet spa and bike storage on the ground floor by the esplanade entrance. Since the 30-story West building sets back every six to seven stories, it has more apartments with terraces, and some are truly enormous and made for lingering. It’s somewhat easy to check out both available units and the layout of the entire project on its website, but harder to find ones with terraces or outdoor space. Nevertheless, apartment 1526, for instance, is a two-bedroom, two-bath of 1,296 square feet with a 552-square-foot angled terrace and a rent of $13,755 for a 10- to 18-month lease. Units at Eagle + West are priced by a zany algorithm that depends on the length of the lease. For a 20-month lease, for instance, the studio apartment 1402 is the cheapest at $3,650 per month, but the rent rises to $3,805 per month on a 23-month lease. Just do a face palm, think “Whatever” — and appreciate the flexibility. If you want something spectacular, on the 37th floor of Eagle, the 974-square-foot L-shaped terrace of Penthouse PH4B dwarfs the 896-square-foot one-bedroom unit that has breathtaking views of Manhattan and Brooklyn with Barclays Center’s green roof several 3-point shots away. Made for entertaining, it’s the perfect bachelorette pad — if I just could afford the rent that is still to be determined but also means there’s always hope.