Jeremy Renner is on the mend following his freak snowplow accident that occurred on New Year’s Day. His sister, Kym Renner, gave an update on his condition Tuesday, telling People: “We are so thrilled with his progress.” She continued: “If anyone knows Jeremy, he is a fighter and doesn’t mess around.” “He is crushing all the progress goals. We couldn’t feel more positive about the road ahead,” Kym added. The Marvel actor, 52, ran over his own leg with a Kässbohrer PistenBully snowplow at his Reno, Nev., residence. He lost an extensive amount of blood and was airlifted to a hospital. The two-time Oscar nominee was helping a stranded motorist when the incident occurred, the mayor of Reno revealed last week. “He was helping someone stranded in the snow,” Mayor Hillary Schieve told the Reno-Gazette Journal. “He is always helping others.” On Jan. 2, Renner’s publicist, Samantha Mast, noted that he was recovering in the ICU after undergoing surgery for wounds he suffered — including “blunt chest trauma and orthopedic injuries.” The “Hawkeye” star was also in “critical, but stable condition” following his operation. “Jeremy’s family would like to express their gratitude to the incredible doctors and nurses looking after him, Truckee Meadows Fire and Rescue, Washoe County Sheriff, Reno City Mayor Hillary Schieve and the Carano and Murdock families,” his rep told CNN at the time. She continued: “They are also tremendously overwhelmed and appreciative of the outpouring of love and support from his fans.” Once Renner was out of surgery, he posted a weary selfie from his hospital bed and thanked his fans for their gratitude. “Thank you all for your kind words. . Im too messed up now to type. But I send love to you all,” he penned in his caption. The “Mayor of Kingstown” actor even celebrated his 52nd birthday while in recovery on Jan. 7. He reposted a video on his Instagram Stories from the Base Chicago, a youth academic and athletics enrichment program, which created a special birthday tribute for him. “Sending a very HAPPY BIRTHDAY!  to @jeremyrenner. Have a great day  Sending our  #thebaseway,” the post’s caption read.