Prince Harry revealed in his upcoming memoir that Meghan Markle went to Princess Diana’s grave to ask for “clarity and guidance.” Writing in his explosive autobiography “Spare” — which was leaked prematurely in stores in Spain — Harry, 38, described Markle’s visit to his late mother’s grave on the 20th anniversary of her death. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex rowed out to the island where his mother was laid to rest at Althorp House in Northamptonshire, where Princess Di grew up. After taking a moment at his mother’s resting place on his own, Harry gave Markle, 41, her own private moment. “When I returned, she was on her knees with her eyes closed and her palms flat against the stone,” he shared. Harry also added that Markle told him she has asked Princess Diana for “clarity and guidance.” Princess Diana died on Aug. 31, 1997 — meaning the duchess and duke’s trip to her gravesite took place in August 2017, when they had been together for just about a year. People on Twitter viewed this move as a “manipulation” tactic by Markle. “Meghan Markle asked for guidance at Princess Diana’s grave. She knows how to manipulate him, the fool!” one person wrote. “I’m surprised that the creepy stalker didn’t try to dig her up,” another said. “Dear Lord…. Make it stop. Such utter drivel,” someone commented. “For someone who is a mediocre actress and definitely not a ‘supermodel’, she really has found her calling as a manipulator. She is almost Rasputin-like in her control over Harry,” another wrote. “If this is true she’s a nutter and using Diana to control harry,” someone else said. The story of Markle at Princess Diana’s grave is just one of the many bombshell revelations to come out of Harry’s upcoming memoir, which includes moments from his childhood amid his parents’ divorce, his dating life and his relationship with Markle. The leak of the book and the royal tea caused people on Twitter to get the hashtag #ShutUpHarry trending with people making jokes about the memoir’s details. “Spare” will officially hit shelves Jan. 10.