Grading the Giants’ 38-10 win over the Colts on Sunday. What more can a team ask of its quarterback? Daniel Jones did it with his arm (19 of 24, 177 yards, 2 TDs) and did it with his legs (11-91, 2 TDs). He took hits and threw stiff-arms. His passer rating was 125.2. Rushing for 217 yards as a team is a winning formula, as is converting four of seven third downs. Saquon Barkley (12-59) averaged 4.8 yards per attempt. LG Nick Gates was called for a tripping penalty early in the second quarter. WR Richie James caught seven passes on seven targets for 76 yards and one TD as he continues to finish the season strong. Another TD for Isaiah Hodgins. WR Darius Slayton had a quiet game and lost a fumble on the first play of the third quarter. Jones was not sacked and had more than enough protection in the pocket. Nice contribution from RB Matt Breida (9-59). Grade: A The Colts converted only 3 of 12 third downs. OLB Kayvon Thibodeaux put a vicious blind-side hit on Nick Foles for a 9-yard sack, knocking Foles out of the game. Landon Collins gained his unofficial welcome-back moment with an interception he turned into a 52-yard pick-six of Foles in the second quarter. Dexter Lawrence had a sack of Sam Ehlinger in the third quarter on a bull-rush vs. stud guard Quenton Nelson. LB Jaylon Smith had Foles for a sack early in the second quarter, thought the ball was released and let go of Foles. Strange play. CB Darnay Holmes expertly played a reverse to knock Parris Campbell out of bounds for a 1-yard gain. Holmes also dropped Alec Pierce for a 2-yard loss after diagnosing the wide receiver screen. S Xavier McKinney returned and gave up a 49-yard completion to Campbell but held up in his first action since missing seven games. Grade: A Graham Gano kicked a 36-yard field goal and had a 44-yarder wiped off the board by a Colts penalty. Dangerous Colts kick returner Dallis Flowers was held in check. He did have a 36-yard return late in the second quarter and averaged 33 yards on his three returns. Marcus Johnson could not keep Jamie Gillan’s 47-yard punt from bouncing into the end zone for a touchback. It was the only punt of the day for Gillan, which shows how effective the Giants were on offense. Grade: A All week, Brian Daboll kept insisting this win-and-in scenario would not deter his team from playing its game. As it turned out, he was on the money and Daboll enjoyed a rare rout. He has done some job in his first season as a head coach. Wink Martindale and defensive backs coach Jerome Henderson were not afraid to use McKinney for more snaps than expected. Mike Kafka detected openings for Jones in the running game attacking the edges and called for it over and again. Grade: A