Skincare can be tricky, especially when there’s always a new product lining Sephora’s shelves. Not to mention, all the tubs of moisturizer, bottles of serums, and tubes of cleanser look the same after a while. “You can get into these situations where you want to buy a ton of products, but if your skin is in a good place — if it’s healthy and glowing — you don’t want to overdo your skincare,” Libby Rhee, MD, a board-certified dermatologist in NYC, told The Post. “It’s good to switch up your products about every two months or so, but sometimes if a product is working for you, you roll with it.” To keep you on-trend with the latest products Sephora has to offer, we rounded up the retailer’s newest skincare launches this January. (Related: best January product launches). Also, be sure to read our explainer on building the perfect skincare routine, according to dermatologists. When Drunk Elephant releases a product, we don’t walk — we run. Enter the brand’s Bouncy Brightfacial Brightening Mask, a spin off its top-rated F-Balm Electrolyte Waterfacial Mask ($52) and T.L.C. Sukari Babyfacial AHA + BHA Mask ($80). This formulation, however, focuses on brightening, thanks to its barley-derived azaleic acid, which helps soothe and visibly brighten skin. It also includes salicylic acid, which helps exfoliate, unclog pores and improve the texture and tone of the skin. The Summer Fridays Midnight Ritual Retinol Renewal Serum is a gentle yet effective vegan serum that has been clinically tested for sensitive skin. Namely, it helps smooth the appearance of fine lines and improve the skin’s overall look and feel. For a skin boost, this new essential is infused with both hyaluronic acid and niacinamide, which both have plumping and balancing effects on the skin. Freck Beauty is one of our favorite up-and-coming beauty brands, namely for its thoughtfully curated products (like its LASHROCKET MASCARA). Now, its new Rich Bitch Nourishing Plant & Peptide Lip Balm is the star of the show — for just $20, too. Yes, Nécessaire answered our prayers and recently launched a miniature version of one of our favorite body lotions. If you want to feel like you’re at a spa abyss, this formulation is purely divine and simply everything. Dior is making moves in 2023 with its brand-new Capture Dreamskin 1-Minute Mask. It’s a gently exfoliating face mask that helps visibly tighten pores and smooth texture in — as its name suggests — as little as one minute. This mask is infused with opilia extract to help visibly perfect the skin, along with longoza flower (to help renew skin and defy signs of aging) and jojoba oil (to comfort the skin’s barrier). Meet the Sunday Riley B3 Nice 10% Niacinamide Serum, a formulation that helps target the following skincare concerns: redness, dark spots and pores. It’s a 100% cruelty-free product, too, and you’ll appreciate how it’s infused with trans-resveratrol to help reduce the look of pore size, surface redness and blotchy tone. A clinical-grade sheet mask for just $12? Yes, please! The Dr. Dennis Gross Skincare Vitamin C Lactic Biocellulose Brightening Treatment Mask is one we’re excited to try, much ado to its powerful ingredient duo that helps enliven the skin’s tone. We’re here for it, and we recommend adding it to your Sephora cart stat. Algenist is one of our most-recommended brands for its formulations geared toward sensitive skin with a douse of anti-aging benefits dropped in. Its brand-new Algae Peptide Regenerative Moisturizer is 100% vegan, fragrance-free and ultra-hydrating —while also providing your skin with a dewy glow. Celebrate Lunar New Year with Charlotte Tilbury’s rendition of its best-selling Magic Cream. Infused with hyaluronic acid, it’s one of our favorites and a treat for your skin, in the mornings and evenings alike. We love this new launch from SEPHORA COLLECTION for bringing self care to your most sensitive facial area. Its two-piece cooling eye massager is made from yellow jade stone for sculpting and massaging the under-eye area, with the stone believed to nurture the skin’s energy. Hello, self care. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content