Their crack at happily ever after went up in smoke. Pamela Anderson jingled all the way to her divorce attorney’s office in 2007 after allegedly finding a crack pipe hidden in the family Christmas tree while married to her third husband, professional poker player Rick Salomon. (She’d previously married and divorced rock stars Tommy Lee, 60, and Kid Rock, 52.) “He still to this day denies it and says it was somebody else,” laments the blond bombshell in her upcoming Netflix documentary, set to debut January 31. “Who else would have a crack pipe in the Christmas tree? It wasn’t me,” she said. But Salomon, 54, best known for starring opposite Paris Hilton in her 2004 sex tape, emphatically denied to The Post that the pipe in question belonged to him. “I smoked crack for 25 f- -king years, but the crack pipe in the Christmas tree was 1000% not mine,” he said, adding that he has been sober for the past 15 years. “[That] crack pipe has nothing to do with me,” he continued, “but I am a crack head.” In the documentary, however, Anderson suggests that the drug paraphernalia was partly to blame for their two months of matrimony coming to a swift end. “We were only married a few months, it was annulled, but we were still friends,” she says. The pair took another ill-fated stab at wedded bliss in 2014. “When he got sober, and was sober for years, we decided to try it again,” the siren adds. “It didn’t last long either.” She and Salomon divorced in 2015. According to Anderson, their final split came as a godsend because the marriage was chipping away at her trademark looks. “I look back at pictures of myself when I was in this awful relationship, and I looked 20 years older,” she told W Magazine in 2016. “I know it sounds like a cliché, but happiness has a lot to do with beauty.” In January 2020, it was announced that Anderson had secretly married her old flame, film producer Jon Peters, 77, of “A Star is Born,” and “Man of Steel” fame. But, weeks later, a spokesperson for the “Baywatch” babe revealed that they were “never legally married.” Anderson did, however, tie the knot with her fourth husband, Canadian contractor Dan Hayhurst, on Christmas Eve of that year. But the twosome split in January 2022. Anderson did not respond to request for comment.