We’re only a few weeks into 2023, and The National have already laid out exciting plans for their entire year. First, the group will release their new album, “First Two Pages of Frankenstein,” on April 28. Next, they’ll embark on their 19-concert arena tour with special guests Soccer Mommy, The Beths and Bartees Strange. And, in the middle of all this madness, Matt Berninger and the band will headline at Napa Valley’s BottleRock and Boston’s Boston Calling Festival. Both multi-day Memorial Day weekend extravaganzas will take place on May 26-28. They’ll close their busy year closes with a massive blow-out show at New York City’s Madison Square Garden on Aug. 18 with special guest Patti Smith. Although tickets don’t go on sale on Ticketmaster until Friday, Jan. 27, fans who want to ensure they have tickets ahead of time can purchase on sites like Vivid Seats before seats are officially on sale. Vivid Seats is a secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand. They have a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and will be delivered before the event.  A complete calendar featuring all upcoming tour dates, venues and links to buy tickets can be found below.  On April 28, The National will release its ninth studio album, “First Two Pages of Frankenstein.” The 11-track record will feature big-name special guests like Sufjan Stevens, Phoebe Bridgers and Taylor Swift and is now available for pre-order. Want to hear the lead single “Tropic Morning News?” You can below. And, of course, here is the complete track listing, including special guests. 1. Once Upon A Poolside (feat. Sufjan Stevens)2. Eucalyptus3. New Order T-Shirt4. This Isn’t Helping (feat. Phoebe Bridgers)5. Tropic Morning News6. Alien7. The Alcott (feat. Taylor Swift)8. Grease In Your Hair9. Ice Machines10. Your Mind Is Not Your Friend (feat. Phoebe Bridgers)11. Send For Me As a bonus, The National’s Instagram account shared that “NTL Cherry Tree  members who pre-order First Two Pages of Frankenstein via the member store will also receive a Flexidisc single of “Weird Goodbyes (feat. Bon Iver.), which was previously only released digitally.”  Matt Berninger, Aaron Dessner, Bryce Dessner, Bryan Devendorf and Scott Devendorf will take a handful of up-and-coming indie acts along with them to select shows. Here’s a snapshot of who you might see opening for the group when you see them live. Soccer Mommy is led by 25-year-old singer-songwriter Sophie Allison. The group has been steadily releasing music since 2016, and just last year, they dropped their fifth album, “Sometimes, Forever,” which Rolling Stone awarded four stars. The Beths are darlings of the indie scene. Originally from New Zealand, the four-member group (only one is named Beth) employs disaffected, dream-like vocals from lead singer Elizabeth Stokes and powerful instrumentals to create a unique sound that lends itself well to Christmas music, as heard here. Bartees Strange will fire you up. The 33-year-old English indie star straddles the line between rap and rock with a sound reminiscent of TV On The Radio. Asking us to pick a favorite track is no easy feat, but we’re partial to his soaring single “Boomer,” but you can’t go wrong with any track on his 2022 album “Farm To Table.” Patti Smith and Her Band have done it all. For the uninitiated (where have you been?!), Smith is a Rock and Roll Hall of Fame inductee, a New York icon, and brought the world the seminal tracks “Because The Night,” “Dancing Barefoot,” and “People Have The Power.”  As noted before, The National will headline a pair of festivals in 2023. We compiled all the details — dates, venues and fellow headliners — for you below.  The National is going on a national tour this year, and so many other huge groups are too. Here are just five of our favorite can’t-miss artists you’ll want to see live in the next few months. • Bruce Springsteen and the E Street Band • John Mellencamp • Dead and Company with John Mayer • Taylor Swift • Arctic Monkeys Still looking for more shows to see? Check out our list of the 52 biggest concert tours in 2023 here.