The typical American admits they’d need an extra four hours in the day to finish their to-do list. A poll of 2,000 adults in December revealed that 60% don’t believe there are enough hours in the day to get everything done. If given extra time, respondents’ priorities would shift. One in five would focus on projects or tasks they enjoy, while 28% would tackle more projects and bigger ones. While 34% would knock out some chores, 20% feel they’d need the time for some extra sleep. Some would even take on new responsibilities such as by going back to school (21%) or adopting a pet (19%). Conducted by OnePoll on behalf of Dave’s Killer Bread, the survey showed the average person has about five things on their to-do list on any given day — but nearly half of respondents say those items are likely to go unfinished. Many respondents avoid certain chores because they don’t enjoy them (39%), but running out of time (39%) was also a common reason. Things like housework (38%), outdoor work (37%) and laundry (31%) tend to be the first chores pushed aside. Respondents’ energy levels are depleting well before their heads hit the pillow — 16% of respondents admit they feel the least energetic between 3 and 4 p.m. In fact, housework (33%), jobs (28%) and financial responsibilities (27%) drain respondents of their energy the most. With most of these tasks being part of everyday life, respondents are feeling burnt out an average of three days per week. Several respondents (36%) battle burnout with some extra sleep or by spending time in nature (31%). “Americans have spoken: They are tired, and they have too much on their plate,” said Cristina Watson, brand manager at Dave’s Killer Bread. “It only makes sense they’d nix chores from their to-do list. This isn’t a sign of failure, it’s a sign you may need an extra boost to get you through your day.” Almost two-thirds of respondents say they can tell how their day is going to go based on the first hour of being awake. Typically, respondents are pouring a cup of coffee (27%), eating breakfast (24%) or getting some exercise (21%) first thing in the morning. Nearly half feel more energetic when they start their day off with a meal or snack. And combating fatigue isn’t just part of their morning routine — respondents increase their caffeine intake (21%), take a nap (13%) or eat a snack (12%) when they need more energy throughout the day. “This study shows how daily tasks — like emptying the dishwasher and going to work — impact our energy levels. It’s important to stay fueled throughout the day to combat feelings of burnout,” Watson said. “Starting your day off with a meal, snack or quick workout can make all the difference.” What drains Americans of their energy the most? 