The man charged in connection with the slaying of a Microsoft executive in front of his 2-year-old daughter last year has a direct connection to the slain father’s ex-wife and her new husband, property records show. Records show Henry Tenon, 61 — who is facing a murder rap for allegedly killing Jared Bridegan — lived in a home once owned by Mario Fernandez. Tenon resided at 5239 Potomac Ave. in Jacksonville, Fla., which is listed as being owned by Fernandez, records show. Fernandez had married Shanna Gardner-Fernandez in 2018, two years after she had split from Bridegan, with whom she had continued to feud about custody arrangements for their two children long after their divorce. At a press conference, law enforcement officials pointedly noted that Tenon did not act alone in the murder and that their probe is ongoing. Shanna and Mario Fernandez had previously been named suspects in Bridegan’s death, but cops made no link between them and Tenon at a press conference announcing his arrest Wednesday. Tenon, a convicted felon, has prior burglary and battery raps on his record. Gardner-Fernandez and her new spouse have vehemently denied involvement in Bridegan’s death but retained prominent Jacksonville attorney Henry Coxe III soon after the slaying. Her marriage to Bridegan reportedly dissolved after she cheated on him. But despite their court wrangling, in an interview with the Florida Times-Union, Gardner-Fernandez emphatically denied any role in her former spouse’s death. She acknowledged that she once asked a tattoo parlor employee if he knew anyone who could silence Bridegan, but dismissed the remark as an unserious quip. Gardner-Fernandez, who comes from a wealthy Mormon family, recently decamped from Florida to a property in Richland, Washington, that was purchased by her parents. She has reportedly split from Fernandez, and he did not join her in the move. Bridegan was gunned down in front of his 2-year-old daughter Bexley in what police have definitively called a planned hit. The doting dad had four kids, two with Gardner-Fernandez and two with his new wife, Kirsten Bridegan.