A pair of social media influencers are facing waves of backlash after posting a video showing their baby riding a Jet Ski without a life jacket. Popular Indonesian YouTuber Ria Ricis shared a video with her 30.8 million subscribers following her family taking a Jet Ski joyride. In the video titled “Moana (rides) the Jet Ski for the first time,” Ricis is seen on the shore getting her infant girl ready for some beach fun. Baby Moana is initially zipped into a cute orange-and-pink life jacket and held on her mother’s lap as her father Teuku Ryan drives the watercraft. Ricis holds her young daughter with one hand as she uses the other to angle a selfie stick at her family to record the ride. But then halfway through the video, Moana is seen without her life jacket as she is taken into one of her father’s arms as he drives the Jet Ski with the other. Ryan is seen with the young child slung over his shoulder as he continues to ride the waves with his wife seated behind him continuing to film the fun. She uploaded the YouTube video on Jan. 1 and a shorter Instagram video the next day when she was quickly flooded with critical comments that have been translated into English. “This is very dangerous,” an Instagram viewer wrote. “Shame on you, Ricis,” another commented. “At least wear a life jacket. A child is the most valuable asset you have in the world. What if you fall down and get hit by a jet ski fan?” one person replied. Ricis did not immediately respond to The Post for comment. Stop Drowning Now, a water safety resource, advises that having babies near water without a flotation device, taking babies onto Jet Skis and driving Jet Skis with only one hand all raise serious safety issues. “Any child in or around water who is unable to swim should wear a Coast Guard-approved life vest,” Jim Spiers, the president of Stop Drowning Now, told Today.com, noting that water-safety rules in other countries may vary. “It only takes about 10 to 20 seconds for infants to drown,” he said.