A resume submitted by disgraced Rep. George Santos (R-N.Y.) to the Nassau County Republican Committee in 2020 includes outlandish and since-debunked boasts related to his education and job history. The resume, obtained by the New York Times, was submitted to the Nassau County GOP by Santos when he first expressed interest in running for his New York House seat in 2020. It’s loaded with Wall Street jargon and is mostly a work of pure fiction. Santos describes himself as a “Proactive Business Development Professional” with “extensive proven ability to optimize the bottom line.” The representative for New York’s 3rd District, who lied about owning 13 properties, lists “Real Estate” as one of his skills, along with “Currency and coin counter” and numerous other alleged talents. LinkBridge Investors is listed as Santos’ most recent employer, and he claims revenue at the firm grew “24X (from 450K to 11M)” during his tenure as vice president. On campaign finance disclosures, Santos reported earning a modest salary of $55,000 from LinkBridge Investors. The resume also lists a fake 8-month-long stint as a project manager for Goldman Sachs, where he brags about doubling revenue growth by hundreds of millions of dollars – “300M to 600M” — and developing a “new sales strategy” for his department. His phony foot-in-the-door of Wall Street job at “Citi Group” is listed on the second page of the document along with sections on his “education and training.” The entire contents of the second page of Santos’ resume appear to be outright lies that he admitted to The Post back in December. He touts obtaining an MBA in international business from New York University and lists a GMAT score of 710. His faux “Economics/finance” degree from Baruch College is also listed with bullet points below noting a “3.89 GPA” and that he graduated in the “Top 1% of class.” Santos told The Post that he never attended an institute of higher learning. The revealing resume drop comes on the same day the head of the Nassau County GOP and several Republican congressmen called for Santos to resign from office. Nassau County Republican Chairman Joseph Cairo demanded Santos step down on Wednesday, saying he “disgraced the House of Representatives” and waged a campaign of “deceits, lies and fabrications” in order to win his 2022 midterm election race.