Alec Baldwin is being slammed for sharing a picture of his wife and young son with a bizarre, sexually suggestive caption — his first post since authorities announced he will be charged with involuntary manslaughter in the fatal 2021 shooting on the set of ‘Rust.’ The 64-year-old embattled actor sent online trolls into a tizzy Sunday evening when he posted a sweet photo on Instagram of his son holding his mother’s shoulders — and wrote that the young boy was pulling “the old ‘let me give you a back rub’ ploy.” Baldwin later amended the caption to indicate that he meant his child was acting sweet as a way to earn a treat. He edited the caption to add: “Potato chips to follow” and noted in the comments, “I adjusted the text. I guess because…you know…there is so much of that Reddit trash out there.” But the critics quickly piled on, eventually prompting the actor to limit who could leave comments on the post. “Imagine being indicted for involuntary manslaughter and the first post you make after the announcement includes a picture of your attention-seeking wife, posed with your young son, and captioned with a sexually suggestive innuendo,” a person wrote. Baldwin’s wife Hilaria made headlines last week when she lured the press away from their home by making a short statement as a distraction — and spoke in a Spanish accent, when she was born and raised in Boston. Another critic added of Alec’s posting: “Does anyone else think this is creepy af with the caption? Pic is sweet. Caption makes it weird.” Someone else said, “Sexualizing children is always so weird but your own child? Yikes.” Another person wrote: “Dude you need to consult your team before you post man this does not help your case.” One cheeky commentator commented, “Only ploy is your wife’s accent.” New Mexico prosecutors announced Thursday that they are bringing an involuntary manslaughter charge against Alec for his part in the shooting that left cinematographer Halyna Hutchins dead. The same charge is to be brought against the movie’s armorer, Hannah Gutierrez-Reed, after a real bullet was fired from a prop gun by Baldwin. Assistant director David Halls, who gave the loaded gun to the actor, accepted a misdemeanor charge in a plea deal. “If any one of these three people — Alec Baldwin, Hannah Gutierrez-Reed or David Halls — had done their job, Halyna Hutchins would be alive today. It’s that simple,” special prosecutor Andrea Reeb said last week. If convicted, the disgraced actor could spend five years behind bars — but has vowed he will fight the charges.