Twenty-six touches for 26. Nothing less. If not more. This will be the first playoff game of Saquon Barkley’s life and Just Give Him The Damn Ball. And this isn’t just me talking. Legendary Giants backs of yesteryear — let’s call them The Four Horsemen — are also calling for the Giants to Just Give Saquon Barkley The Damn Ball on Sunday at U.S. Bank Stadium against the Vikings. “He’s your best player in the most important game of the season? At least 25,” Tiki Barber told The Post. “Maybe 30.” Joe Morris seconds that emotion … and then some. “With his ability and the things he can do and the way he can explode,” Morris told The Post, “I’d like to see him catch the ball seven times, and I’d like to see him get 25 carries.” Barkley, asked where he is physically, told The Post: “I feel good, my body feels really good. It’s a blessing to make it through a full season. “I’m ready for the playoffs.” Daniel Jones’ read-option threat makes Barkley more of a headache. “He’s your X factor, Saquon is,” Barber said. “It’s hard to game plan against a running back when you also have to worry about the quarterback being a runner, right? And so, I think early in this game, you’re gonna see designed QB runs, simply to make them change their coverage and play more man with either a linebacker or a lineman that’s dropping into the hole, just so they can keep an eye on Daniel as a runner. When that happens, there’s an extra defender not on Saquon.” Ottis Anderson powered his way inside the tackles for 102 rushing yards and a TD and a Super Bowl XXV MVP trophy in the Giants’ 20-19 win over the Scott Norwood Bills. It helped keep Jim Kelly on the sideline for 40:33. The longer the Giants can keep Kirk Cousins and Justin Jefferson off the field, the better their chances. “If he touches the ball between 20 and 25 times,” Anderson said, “I think the Giants’ll win.” Give me no less than 26 for 26. “At least 25 touches,” Rodney Hampton told The Post. Jones shredded the weak Vikings pass defense on Christmas Eve (30-for-42, 334 yards, 1 TD and 4-34 rushing). Jones shouldn’t need or want to throw 42 times again. Barkley had 14 carries for 84 yards and a TD and caught eight passes for 49 yards in the first Vikings game. Barber: “He looks confident in his body. He’s not like second-guessing himself anymore.” Anderson: “He’s a little bit more decisive. Every play’s not a home run. It’s important to know what down it is and what the situation is.” Hampton: “He’s not looking for the home run every time. I think he’s one of the top five backs in the league.” Morris: “This is a more versatile player than when I played.” From the day he was drafted, Barkley told us he was more than a running back. He is a weapon who has been underutilized in the passing game. “It’s stealing,” Barber said. “The Vikings don’t have the linebackers to cover Saquon. There’s so many ways to mismatch him, and I’m sure we’ll see that.” Morris rushed 24 times for 159 yards and 2 TDs in a 49-3 shattering of the 49ers in the 1986 NFC Divisional Round at Giants Stadium. He was 29-87-1 TD in the NFC Championship game against the then-Redskins at Giants Stadium. He was 29-141 in the Giants’ 17-3 wild-card win over the 49ers at Giants Stadium a year earlier. “This guy has more ability than I ever have thought about having,” Morris said. “The first thing I said to him when I first got a chance to talk to him, I said, ‘Look, young man, you are something special. You come from a tradition where, I said Rodney Hampton, Ottis Anderson, me, we’ve all been here, we’ve done this — you play at a level that you need to play at, and you need to bring this team with you.’ ” This was in training camp. “I said, ‘Daniel’s not ready right now, but he will be in the future once you establish yourself in doing your job,’ ” Morris said. “I said, ‘Your coach believes in you, if you believe in him, you two are gonna do something wonderful together.’ ” Hampton rushed 33 times for 161 yards and 2 TDs in a 17-10 wild-card win over the Vikings at Giants Stadium after the 1993 season. “You feel like whatever you do is gonna be right,” Hampton said. Barber rushed for a career-high 234 yards and 3 TDs against Washington at FedEx Field to carry the 2006 Giants into the playoffs and prolong his career for one more game. “I think the biggest thing I remember is how in sync I was with those five guys upfront,” Barber said. “I felt like everything that we were running was gonna be successful.” Barkley has made life easier for Jones and vice versa. After sitting out the regular-season finale against the Eagles, Barkley will be rested and ready. “I know that [offensive coordinator] Mike Kafka and [head coach] Brian Daboll are smarter than me when it comes to game-planning,” Barber said, “but you can’t go wrong if you’re feeding Saquon.” Breakfast, lunch and dinner.