This lineup is “Good As Hell.” New York City’s biggest summer music festival, Governors Ball, has finally revealed its star-studded lineup. For one weekend in June, some of the hottest names in music will take the stage at Flushing Meadows Corona Park in Queens, New York. Here’s everything you need to know about Gov Ball. Well, it’s “About Damn Time!” Lizzo, Odesza and Kendrick Lamar will be headlining Gov Ball this summer. Popstar Lizzo will open the festival headlining on Friday to hype the crowd up for a great weekend. After only “A Moment Apart,” Odesza will entertain fans the next day. Once nearly “All The Stars” have performed, Kendrick Lamar will jump on stage for the final day of the festival. The lineup also includes Lil Uzi Vert, Haim, Diplo, Lil Baby, Aespa, Rina Sawayama, Lil Nas X, Giveon, Sofi Tukker, Tai Verdes, Suki Waterhouse, Joey Badass and Pusha T among other musicians getting the crowd singing along. Music lovers from near and far will convene from June 9 to 11 to hear their favorite songs and discover some new bops. The annual music festival will last all weekend from Friday to Sunday. Three stages will be set up at Flushing Meadows Corona Park in Queens. “Words can’t express how excited we are to bring Gov Ball to Flushing Meadows Corona Park, one of the most special and storied parks in all of New York City,” co-founder Tom Russell said. “Since moving to Queens in 2021 we’ve been overwhelmed by the welcome the community has shown us, and we look forward to continue being a part of and giving back to that community for years to come. We are honored to call such an iconic venue our new home, and we thank Mayor [Eric] Adams and his administration and Queensborough President Donovan Richards for their trust and support.” General admission tickets are starting at $139 a day while Platinum tickets begin at $2,499 offering premium entrance, exclusive front-of-stage viewing and on-stage viewing, all-day dining, full-service bar access and more perks for the whole weekend. Citi credit or debit card holders are able to access presale tickets but everyone else will have to wait until Thursday, Jan. 19 at 10 a.m. EST to get their tickets.