Do these TikTok tips pass the smell test? A physiotherapist dubbed “the fart fairy” is giving advice to those who struggle to pass gas — showing how they can improve their ability to effectively let rip. The expert —known only as “George” — posted a clip to TikTok late last week, saying struggles with flatulence could be caused by tight pelvic floor muscles. “Do you struggle to get your farts out?” George asked viewers. “Are you having to bear down in order to get your farts out? Let me tell you why your pelvic floor could be to blame.” Holding up a model of a midsection, the physiotherapist pointed to the external anal sphincter, saying: “If this muscle is not relaxing appropriately, or if the deeper layer of the pelvic floor inside the pelvis is not letting go, it’ll  essentially stay quite squeezed and tight and prevent air from coming through.”  George subsequently shared two ways a person could loosen their pelvic floor muscles in order to let air pass through more effectively. First, the gas guru got down into a deep squat, before she was seen with her back on the floor with her legs up in a pose known as “happy baby.” The physiotherapist claimed that both poses would help with flatulence if they were accompanied by “diaphragmatic breathing.” “Let your belly expand on the inhale, and then let it recoil on the exhale,” she stated, explaining how to properly practice the breathing technique. Diaphragmatic breathing can also have other benefits, such as reducing blood pressure and heart rate, according to Cleveland Clinic. George said that people could get into a deep squat or a happy baby pose when they felt the need to “let it rip.”  Alternatively, they could practice both positions regularly in order to generally loosen up the pelvic floor muscles. One TikToker proclaimed that the physiotherapist was a “fart fairy,” while another alleged that they had the opposite problem — they were passing too much gas and wanted to keep it in. However, doctors have warned against people holding in their farts, saying it can create quite a stink. Last year, one woman revealed she was hospitalized after trying not to pass gas in front of her boyfriend.