It’s hard to imagine that we’ll get a better match at the Australian Open (or maybe even this entire season) than the five-set thriller between Andy Murray and Thanasi Kokkinakis. Murray won the match, but it took nearly six hours and lasted until almost 4 a.m. in Melbourne. It was a reminder of Murray’s greatness and that his fighting spirit is unmatched in tennis, but will he be able to physically recover in time for his match against Roberto Bautista-Agut? Ohio sports betting is live – Check out the best Ohio betting sites & apps It’s impossible to take anything away from Murray in his win over Kokkinakis, but it is fair to say that the Australian probably deserved a better fate. Kokkinakis was up 6-4, 7-6, 5-2, but failed to put Murray away on his serve. It was an incredible display of character from Murray, but it was also a bit of a melt from the Aussie, who hit 102 winners in the marathon contest. Murray will now need to switch gears entirely against World No. 25 Roberto Bautista-Agut. Known as one of the premier iron men on the ATP Tour, Bautista-Agut is a very different player compared to Kokkinakis. While the Aussie wants to overpower you with his serve and win matches with his athleticism, RBA is here to outlast you. He won’t beat himself and, like Murray, won’t go away no matter what the scoreboard said. Bautista-Agut is an expert defender and his ability to keep rallies going should be a key part of this match. RBA is also coming off a five-set match against American Brandon Holt, but he cruised through Round 1 and his fitness is rarely a concern. On the other hand, Murray has now played two absolute classics against Matteo Berrettini and Kokkinakis and has spent a whopping 10 and a half hours on court at this tournament already. Murray is a wonder, but that kind of wear and tear will catch up to any player, especially a 35-year-old who has been dealing with injuries for the better part of the last five years. Murray has now faced a match point against Berrettini and survived Kokkinakis serving for the match in Round 2, but it’s hard to imagine someone like Bautista-Agut letting those big moments get to him. Not only is he an iron man, but he’s a cool customer in big moments and will be able to weather whatever storm Murray can muster up in the early going and then get separation as the match wears on. Bautista-Agut to win 3-0 (+130, BetMGM)