Kim Kardashian has never denied wanting to be famous. Now, her former media strategist claims that her infamous 2012 “flour bomb” attack was actually a manufactured “media moment.” Sheeraz Hasan, a p.r. professional who worked with Kardashian starting around 2005, claimed that the incident at the reality star’s True Reflection perfume launch in West Hollywood, California, was an inside job, according to the British Channel 4 documentary “The Kardashians: Billion Dollar Dynasty.” But sources close to the situation told The Post that Kardashian was never aware of the move and placed the blame on People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals, the animal rights organization that was originally speculated to be behind the incident. Hasan alleged that they had “discussions” with Kardashian and her team and she was “willing to get flour bombed” before the event so that the media would report on the launch. The incident was also included in a Season 7 episode of “Keeping Up With the Kardashians.” He claimed he told Kardashian at the time: “OK, this is what’s going to happen. You’re going to be fine, you’re going to be safe, but we’re going to create a media moment. If we create media gold, guess what’s going to happen? Everyone’s going to be talking about your perfume, everyone’s going to buy it.” “Are the team in on it? Of course, they’re in on it,” Hasan added. At the time of the attack, it was speculated that a PETA activist had thrown flour on the Skims founder, as the organization previously condemned Kardashian’s former love of real fur. The assailant was said to have shouted “fur hag” when she dusted Kardashian’s long black hair with the white powder. Kardashian reportedly cleaned off in a private room before finishing out the night. The woman, Christina Cho, was reportedly detained by hotel staff until police arrived but Kardashian chose not to press charges. PETA denied being behind the flour incident at the time; however, Cho was allegedly a PETA member who staged anti-fur protests in the organization’s name. “Perhaps the bigger reveal is that Kim’s assistant is a secret PETA member?” PETA Senior Vice President Lisa Lange said regarding Hasan in a statement to The Post on Monday. “We may never know, but we do know that Kim’s now fur-free, and that’s what really matters to us and to the animals she’s preventing from being caged, tortured and electrocuted for fur.” This reportedly isn’t the first time Hasan has exposed Kardashian’s hunger for fame. In 2020, he alleged that one of the first sentences she ever spoke to him was: “Sheeraz, I want to be one of the most famous people in the world.” “If you’re in the business of fame, you need to be a narcissist. You need some serious self-belief and that’s what her X-factor was,” Hasan added. PETA came for Kardashian again in December 2022 after sharing a video that they claimed made it seem like her two Pomeranians live in her garage. “Knowing that Kim Kardashian is anti-fur and mostly vegan, we are hoping hard that she does not relegate her dogs to life in a garage,” PETA Senior Vice President Lisa Lange told Page Six. “What PETA does know is that dogs are highly social pack animals who need more than just soft beds and decorative stockings: They deserve to feel safe, loved, and to live inside the house as part of the family.”