Ellen DeGeneres finds herself, once again, under fire for her treatment of a celebrity guest on her now-canceled daytime show. Emily Ratajkowski slammed the TV megastar on Friday for humiliating Taylor Swift, 33, when her career was getting underway. “This is so f–ked up. She’s literally begging her to stop,” the 31-year-old model states in the comments section of a video that went viral this week on TikTok. The Post reached out to a rep for DeGeneres, 64, for comment. The TikToker stitched two clips of Swift together. One is her 2019 interview with Zane Lowe and the other is her 2012 appearance on DeGeneres’ show. The user seems to imply that Swift was dissing her experience on DeGeneres’ show during her discussion with Lowe, although Swift doesn’t name names. In the Lowe segment, Swift alludes to an old interview that made her feel uncomfortable when she was 23, saying that people at the time were “reducing” her to who she dated, “making slideshows of my dating life and putting people in there that I had sat next to at a party once.” They were “deciding that my songwriting was a trick, rather than a skill and a craft,” she said candidly to Lowe on Apple Music’s Beats 1. “It’s a way to take a woman who is doing her job and succeeding at doing her job and making things, and in a way, it’s figuring out how to completely minimize that skill,” Swift continued. In the 2012 clip, DeGeneres torments the singer with a slideshow of photos of Swift with an array of different men. From Taylor Lautner to Justin Bieber, DeGeneres prods the “All Too Well” crooner to dish which guy she sings about on her album. “I don’t want to,” she pleads when DeGeneres asks her to ring a bell when a muse’s photo appears on screen. “They’ll send me angry emails, and I don’t want to get them.” Swift, although young at the time, wasn’t afraid to push back. “Stop it, stop it, stop!” the singer exclaims as DeGeneres sits in the chair opposite, grinning. “This makes me feel so bad about myself. Every time I come up here, you put a different dude up there on the screen, and it just makes me really question what I stand for as a human being.” Under the TikTok clip, which has garnered 1.5 million views, viewers lit up the comments section, expressing their dismay and disgust for the longtime talk show host. “Unbelievable,” wrote popular content creator Tinx. “You can literally hear in her voice how upset she is,” one user argued. “She’s clearly visibly upset, but having to, like, ‘perform’ that she’s laughing it off because an audience of people is laughing at her,” one person stressed. “Taylor saying, ‘I don’t want to do it,’ should have been enough for Ellen to stop,” someone else proclaimed. “Ellen has some real sketch interviews,” someone else noted. DeGeneres, who has apologized for “toxic” workplace allegations from former staffers, has been called out for interviews some say missed the mark. In 2008, the host outed Mariah Carey’s secret pregnancy when the pop singer pretended to take a sip of champagne. Later, following her miscarriage, Carey told Vulture she was “uncomfortable” at the time. In another instance, Dakota Johnson took a swipe at the host when DeGeneres wrongly accused the “50 Shades of Grey” actress of not inviting her to a birthday bash. “Actually, no, that’s not the truth, Ellen,” Johnson stated on air. DeGeneres’ show ended in May 2022 after 19 seasons. The multihyphenate returned to the spotlight last month to express sorrow over the death of her on-air DJ, Stephen “tWitch” Boss, who died by suicide at the age of 40.