INGLEWOOD, Calif. — Now, for the next step in Stetson Bennett’s miraculous career: The NFL. He appears ready for the challenge after becoming just the sixth starting quarterback in college football history to win consecutive national championships. “The fact that he’s playing in an NFL offense with an NFL coordinator who coached NFL quarterbacks should tell people he’s not going to get marbles in his mouth when he’s spitting out seven-word calls,” Georgia coach Kirby Smart said after his Bulldogs shellacked TCU, 65-7, at SoFi Stadium on Monday night to repeat as national champions. “And a lot of NFL teams like that.” At 25 years of age, and undersized at 5-foot-11, Bennett doesn’t pass the eye test. His arm won’t wow scouts. Getting drafted may be unlikely. But there were similar doubts about him on the college level, too, questions about his size, arm strength and ability. All he did was win 28 of 31 starts, get named a Heisman Trophy finalist this season and lead Georgia to consecutive crowns. When asked what he hopes the NFL sees in him, Bennett said: “Hard worker, pretty good at football, smart. But they’ll see that. … That will take care of itself. Today we’re national champs.” In the biggest game of his career, Bennett was brilliant, producing six total touchdowns and throwing for 304 yards. The higher stakes, the better he played. In four playoff games over two postseasons, he accounted for 15 touchdowns, threw one interception and completed 68.7 percent of his passes. Smart felt Monday night was his best game, because of how smartly he performed, checking to running plays at the right time, seeing blitzes before they came and using his legs to make plays when throws weren’t there. It is why the Georgia coach believes his quarterback has a future on Sundays. “Stetson’s [play] speaks for himself, the way he leads and prepares,” Smart said. “His mental makeup is such of a quarterback that believes he can make every throw and what he did tonight was truly amazing. Probably had his best game of his career, in my opinion, with some of the checks he made, some of the decisions he made. Just really elite.” Afterwards, amid the celebration, Smart found his 10-year-old son Andrew in tears. He had just gotten the bad news: Bennett was out of eligibility. He was leaving Georgia. “He’s 25 years old,” Smart told his son. “He’s got to go. He’s got to leave.” It’s time for another challenge for Stetson Bennett.