They’re saying a little prayer. One activist group in Norway is calling for Aretha Franklin’s hit 1968 song “(You Make Me Feel Like) A Natural Woman” to be removed from both Apple Music and Spotify after they deemed its lyrics offensive. The Trans Cultural Mindfulness Alliance took to Twitter last week to condemn the ballad, citing that it has ignited harm against transgender women. “Aretha Franklin’s 1968 song ‘Natural Woman’ perpetuates multiple harmful anti-trans stereotypes,” the organization tweeted. “There is no such thing as a ‘natural’ woman.” The message continued, “The song has helped inspire acts of harm against transgender women. TCMA is requesting it is removed from Spotify & Apple Music.” The Post has reached out to Franklin’s rep, Spotify and Apple Music for comment. According to the organization’s bio on the social media platform, they aim to promote “cultural changes to ensure the inclusivity of trans individuals.” Many Twitter users were outraged by the opinion about the Queen of Soul’s work and questioned the legitimacy of the claims. “So, someone heard the song and attacked trans people?” one person wrote in response. “What are things that never happened for $400.” Another wrote, “OMG Get a life & stop trying to cancel everything. How sad and pathetic one’s life must be if THIS is a priority to you. This is a GREAT song! YOU GO, GIRL! @ArethaFranklin.” Someone else typed, “It’s a great song and I’m going to listen to it right now because of this post. Thanks!” Others were so taken aback that they actually thought the statement was coming from a parody account. “This is satire, right?” one user questioned. “Clearly this is a parody. Good one guys! Almost got me,” someone else seconded. The organization clarified later in a follow-up tweet that they were not, in fact, a parody account, but rather that they were trying to “make culture more fair for transgender individuals.” At the time, Franklin’s song, “A Natural Woman,” was deemed a powerful song and had an inspiring message. She even performed the hit at the Kennedy Center in Washington, D.C., in 2015, during a ceremony honoring the track’s writers, Gerry Goffin and Carole King. Then-President Obama was there for the performance and shed a tear. Franklin passed away in August 2018 at 76 after a battle with advanced pancreatic cancer.