She’s here to shave the world. One woman on TikTok said that she shaves her face everyday and sees a ton of benefits from the routine, but some users simply can’t believe it. Mary, who goes by the username @marydpl on the social media platform, shared her process in a viral video that currently has over 173,000 views. She explained that shaving is good for moving dead skin cells and oils off the face, and, as bonus, it makes her makeup apply more smoothly. In the video, Mary showed a bag of brand-new, disposable razors from Gillette, and explained that she uses a new razor every time. “That’s what I feel like really helps maintain my skin, because it doesn’t carry any bacteria,” she said of her trick. She then began shaving her face, gliding the razor in an upwards motion on her cheeks, jawline, and moustache. “I started shaving my face when I was doing laser hair removal, but then I got diagnosed with vitiligo, and had to stop,” Mary revealed in the video. “Electrolysis was just super painful, so I just resorted to shaving my face.” She continued, “Shaving your face is good for removing any dead skin cells, excess oils, and any debris. I love the smooth application of my makeup. Before, the hairs used to just get clogged and cause acne, so this has been the best thing for me.” And, it looks like Mary might just be onto something here — facial shaving can help improve the skin, making it smoother and brighter, according to Healthline. However, many people in the comments section of Mary’s video were not too impressed with her technique. “That is the stupidest thing I ever seen in my life,” one person wrote. Another commented, “And a no no…” Some even called her out for the excessive use of razors. “7 plastic shavers a week!? That’s just so so bad ,” typed one user. One viewer agreed, asking, “A new one every day? ” A few commenters defended Mary, explaining that they have a similar beauty routine as the TikTok creator. “I dry shave my face twice a month for the last 20 years even before dermablading was I thing,” a commenter explained. “I use a two face thin blade though! It’s the best! “I do this nothing wrong w it,” one person sympathized.