You may not be able to see it, but perfume is arguably the most important part of any outfit. A spritz or two can leave an impression on anyone you pass during your day, even if that’s just your partner, housemates or strangers at the grocery store. This is especially true for Valentine’s Day, as you decide if you’ll smell sweet, sensual or both, layered over a cute date-night outfit or some sexy lingerie. And while having a signature scent is amazing, it can be hard to find the right one when there are so many options overwhelming the market — especially when you’re shopping online. To help narrow down your Valentine’s Day perfume search, we rounded up a curated list of scents that are tried and true by women all over the world. Specifically also tried by us, in the Editor’s picks section with first-person reviews. From classics such as Chanel to new fragrances by viral brands like Le Labo and Glossier, you’re bound to find something that fits your personal brand and personal budget. Look, Glossier named a perfume after you. Glossier You is not only named for you, but it will smell uniquely like you too, as the scent will change slightly based on your body’s chemistry and natural scent. To give you some base notes though, the fragrance is made with elements of pink pepper, ambrette seeds, ambrox and iris to tie the floral notes together with the woodsy ones. The bottle comes in one size only for $65, but stock up, as soon this will be your signature scent. Our review: This is my go-to, everyday scent, and every day I get compliments from strangers and friends alike. I reviewed this perfume in the New York Post office, asking my coworkers their true thoughts, found here. This is perfect for those that like a bit of a masculine touch, with spicier and musky notes under the sweet top layer — at least that’s what it smelled like on my body! Don’t worry, Juliette is kidding about the gun and the perfume… or is she? Feel a little dangerous and a lot sexy while wearing this scent from Juliette Has a Gun. The scent is actually really cool, as it isn’t a traditional scent at all. Made for those who have a hard time finding a perfume they love, Not A Perfume is made with a single note, called cetalox which is actually a base for many perfumes. This makes it easy to layer or wear on its own for a clean and minimalist smell that is also hypoallergenic and unisex. Our review: I actually bought this as a dupe for the above Glossier You, but now I wear them on different occasions, noticing the nuances of each. This (not a) perfume is a bit more clean smelling, lighter than the above and also seems to last a little bit longer on the skin and clothes. This is perfect for everyday wear, with a clean finish and a long lingering scent. We dream of this perfume… and also to wake up as Charli D’Amelio. The Born Dreamer perfume by the dancer and social media star certainly caught our attention, originally as a dupe for Maison Francis Kurkdjian’s Baccarat Rouge. However, we love this as a stand alone perfume, with an affordable price and a long-lasting scent of pear, jasmine, cashmere and cedarwood. Our review: Even the unboxing of this perfume was a dream, with stunning packaging and an adorable star top that looks great on my perfume shelf. The “dupe” scent also stands on it’s own two feet, with a sweeter finish than the above perfumes for a more feminine scent. This is one perfume that should not be missing from your collection. The scent blew up on social media this past year because of its primary feature — the smell somehow reminds each person of a loved one or fond memory, but no one knows exactly how! The nostalgia that comes with this perfume is worth the buy, but breaking it down by notes, the mixture is made with jasmine, neroli blossom, bergamot and musk. Our review: I was so eager to get my hands on this perfume for the pure wow factor of the nostalgia effect. I was nervous that it wouldn’t work, but shockingly a distinct feeling and memory of a loved one washed over me, smelling like their laundry but also of the feeling you get when coming out of the best shower ever — strange, I know. Seriously, just for the fun effect, give this one a try while still in stock. Viva Brazil! This tropical and sweet scent took over social media, alongside the viral Bum Bum Cream (which, did you know is pronounced “Boom Boom”?!) of the same scent. The perfume can actually be used on the hair too, for a whiff of vanilla and caramel every time you toss your hair. Our review: I actually had the honor of wearing this scent while in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, the birthplace of the company. I loved how light it was, while still noticeable on my clothes, skin and hair. It is on the sweet side of things, and served me better as a body mist for the beach, as opposed to for the office. Stop and smell the flowers each time you get a whiff of this perfume. Gucci Bloom is a beloved scent by many, and at under $100, it is a great way to get in on designer fragrances. The floral scent is basic at it’s core, with jasmine at the center and other blossoms like rose and the Asian Rangoon Creeper building out the bunch. Our review: Honestly, I feel my most feminine when wearing Gucci Bloom. I discovered it through my Luxury Scent Box subscription and fell in love with the layered floral smell, as I typically don’t love just rose or lilac perfumes. This one is for the sophisticated and feminine, for spring days and nights out. The epitome of luxury is in this bottle. Dior is known for a lot of things, but this specific perfume should be one of them. The Ambre Nuit scent smells of both florals and spice, a perfect mix for those that don’t like too sweet but also stray from the typical musk notes from more masculine perfumes. Our review: I will be perfectly honest; I have only smelled and worn this scent when I go shopping at Nordstrom, taking advantage of the samples and taking home a white paper scent card every time as a reminder of my favorite designer scent. It really is best described as a “warm floral” but I also somehow got the notes of a campfire, adding some smoke and nuance to the primary Turkish rose smell. Why have one designer fragrance when you could have five? That’s how we feel about the stunning sampler pack of BVLGARI perfumes, with five vials of Italian-inspired scents to mix and match, or even layer on top of one another. Sold at Saks Fifth Avenue, the five scents include Riva Solare, Fiori dAmore, Dolce Estasi, Rock ‘n’ Rome and Fantasia Veneta. Our review: I felt like a kid in a candy store when unboxing and testing all of these delicious scents, in candy-colored bottles no less. I also got the Magnifying Essences in each scent, so I could add extra musk, patchouli or rose to any of the five base perfumes. A time-honored classic, you need this perfume on your bedside dresser if you consider yourself a perfume lover. Chanel No. 5 is timeless for a reason, as its floral notes of jasmine and sandalwood are beloved by all and suit every woman. Sold at Sephora, choose between a smaller 1.2 ounce travel spray or size all the way up to the 3.4 ounce bottle that looks amazing on a nightstand and smells amazing on your skin. Santal 33 is a cult-favorite for a reason. Can you smell why? From Le Labo, the Santal perfume and candle blew up on social media, with a whole page for the brand on TikTok. Get with the times and try this perfume for yourself, sold at Nordstrom in three different sizes. Starting at $83 for the 0.5 ounce bottle and going all the way up a 3.4 ounce bottle for $280, this is an investment in yourself you’ll be glad you made. We don’t know how they replicated such a universal feeling, but that’s the name of their game. Called Lazy Sunday Morning, this scent from Maison Margiela reminds one of bed linens on a plush white bed. The whole collection is based on familiar smells like a favorite coffee house or a cozy day at home, each with unique notes you won’t find anywhere else. Except Sephora that is, as the fragrance is sold there in a mini 0.34 ounce spray and a 3.4 ounce bottle. Take a trip to the tropics and come back smelling fruity and floral with Jo Malone’s new spring scent. Red Hibiscus is a limited edition fragrance from spring 2021, made with the namesake flower, mingling with other scents like jasmine, mandarin warm vanilla. Part of the Spring Blossoms collection, check them all out on the Jo Malone site while supplies last. The bottle comes in two sizes as well, including a smaller one ounce bottle and a larger 3.4 ounce bottle. Skylar is another newcomer to the perfume space but has since made a huge splash. Check out Magic Bloom for a floral fragrance like no other. The magic comes from the expert blending of unique scents like pear, yuzu and mandarin leaf with magnolia, honeysuckle and apple blossom, all of which are in season once spring has sprung. The bottle comes in just one 1.7 ounce size, perfect to try out and then order again and again. YSL are three letters a woman should never be without. Wear the designer brand wherever you go with a spritz of Libre, a classic scent from the classic fashion house. Easily accessible at Sephora, the perfume is sold in five different sizes. If you are new to the scent, try the mini travel spray. For those already hooked, your best bet is the value bottle, which holds a little more than five ounces of the liquid gold. Emily in Paris? How about Chloe in Paris instead? Chloe is a light and floral scent that you can wear on the streets of Paris or on the sidewalks of New York, as no matter where you go this perfume is universally loved. Sold at Macy’s in three different sizes, the fragrance is fresh and romantic, mixing pink peony and lychee with lily of the valley, rose, amber and honey. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.