Do you believe in magic? “Everything confirms for me that we live in a magical reality,” a probable Pisces I met outside of an ayahuasca retreat once confessed to me.(Big ups Kevin and good luck with your woodwinds). To his point, magic is alive on a cellular level in the worlds we walk through and we all have access to it though some signs have more openness towards it. If we think of the signs in terms of their elemental natures, their variant types of magic reveal themselves. Aries magic is fire fueled, unafraid to go first, it feeds on impulse and instinct and is best conjured at high speeds and temperatures. Taurus magic is earth bound and sensual, the way an orgasm can change your life and bone broth can bring you back to it (real kitchen witch s**t). Gemini weaves words into spells. Leo transforms dullness to high shine and keeps alive the magic of wonder that is the inner child. Libra stitches beauty and impartiality into a kind of magic. Scorpios syphon magic from the shadows they face and the many skins they shed. Sagittarius mines the world for stories and alchemies new and old, Capricorn uses structure to give form to inspiration, while Aquarius calls in the wizardry of weirdness. Read on to see if your sign is among the most magical in the zodiac. Keep in mind that any placement or planet in the following signs is an indicator of magical prowess. Read on and conjure hence. Cancer is governed by the moon. In kind, moon magic, the working of rituals and spells in accordance with the phases of the lunar cycle, has been practiced across cultures and throughout human history. Further, Cancer rules the fourth house of roots and ancestry. Situated at the bottom of the birth chart, the fourth house serves as the foundation for selfhood and represents the magic of birth, the moment when the cosmos are made concrete and the ethereal, material. Hyper intuitive and highly absorbent, Cancer has a reputation for being the most sensitive sign in the zodiac but as a crab friend of mine explained, that acute sensitivity is not only a source of pain but also a conduit for beauty, sentience and abundant magic. Cancers recognize the enchanted nature of the world and their own interiority and are achingly disappointed by the inability or refusal of others to see through this lens. As an example, I offer you Crab high priestess Frida Kahlo who “painted her own reality” and layered it with creatures, physical anguish and transcendental imagery. Cancer is represented by the crab and if you look at the creature, it walks side to side and never in a straight line, the exact trajectory of magic. In the Major Arcana of the Tarot, Virgo is represented by the Hermit card. This card depicts a Merlin type character; bearded, hooded, slightly stooped under the weight of hard earned wisdom, loosely holding the light of possibility and the spark of consciousness. It looks like a Led Zeppelin album cover and it reeks of magic. Add to this that Mercury, Virgo’s planetary ruler, is embodied in the tarot by the Magician card. As a mutable earth sign, Virgo is a conduit between the material and the immaterial worlds, it plants the seed and prepares the way for magic to unfold. Powerful as they are, the only thing that circumvents the power of a Virgo is their own self-doubt. This sign is real deal “Bibbidi Bobbidi Boo” fairy godmother vibes and concerns itself with the daily elevation of the mundane to the mystical. Further, Virgo counts telekinetic all stars Carrie White and Matilda Honey among its ranks. True to form and sign, Patron saint of Virgos, ladies and gentlemen Beyoncé, has been accused by her former drummer of practicing black magic. Queen Bey has also long fielded rumors that she is a top tier (or pyramid) member of the Illuminati death cult that controls the world through secret signals, rituals and financial influence. The bizarre conspiracy theory was explained by Forbes.  Whether she is, as some suggest, descended from an ancient bloodline of world builders and sorcerers or just a Virgo on her divine grind, she proves the power and magical potential of her earth sign. Mutable water sign Pisces is ruled by Neptune, planet of dreams, magic and the unconscious mind. Because natives sense what can’t be seen and believe in what’s beyond they accept that magic is real and as such it is alive in and for them. Lords of the twelfth house and final house of the zodiac, this is the sign on the edge of existence and eternity, form and dissolution. They ride that line folks and add a bit of the surreal to everything they do. Long stretches spent with them can be a dizzying, whimsical trip down the rabbit hole and not just because they’re always holding drugs. Pisces people welcome the strange and celebrate the kismet and say things like ‘manifest’ without a single whiff of irony. Pisces people have a look of magic about them, usually some combination of a glint in the eye, moon water on the tongue, a fairy back tattoo, residual stripper glitter on the collarbone, a spare amethyst in their sports bra and a poem about hummingbirds in their hearts. Not for nothing, the father of magical realism, Nobel Laureate Gabriel García Márquez was a Pisces and it is a rare and precious thing to wade in his words and in the world of his fish scaled brethren. Astrology 101: Your guide to the stars Astrologer Reda Wigle researches and irreverently reports back on planetary configurations and their effect on each zodiac sign. Her horoscopes integrate history, poetry, pop culture and personal experience. She is also an accomplished writer who has profiled a variety of artists and performers, as well as extensively chronicled her experiences while traveling. Among the many intriguing topics she has tackled are cemetery etiquette, her love for dive bars, Cuban Airbnbs, a “girls guide” to strip clubs and the “weirdest” foods available abroad.