The Issue: Criticism of Rep.-elect George Santos for falsifying facts about his background. Do you think if Rep.­-elect George Santos were a Democrat, there would be so much wailing about his lying (“Pol’s plan to punish fakery,” Dec. 30)? Me neither. Democrats have made lying a science. Sen. Elizabeth Warren said she was of Native American heritage. Sen. Richard Blumenthal lied about combat service with the Marines in Vietnam, when he never left the States. Slick Willie Clinton lied about never having sex with Monica Lewinsky. President Biden has lied about basically everything, especially that he didn’t know about his son Hunter Biden’s business dealings with China. Santos should resign his seat the day after every Democrat that ever lied to the public resigns theirs. Walter Goldeski East Brunswick, NJ The left is howling about Santos’ multitude of lies. It’s funny how every time our liar-in-chief moves his lips, his lies are either ignored outright or, more often, dismissed as just another hilarious Biden gaffe. I say — fair is fair. Santos was just acting presidential. Joe Cesare Copiague I’m a little bit confused about why everyone is in such an uproar about George Santos and his lies. They are looking to investigate this guy? Why? Every word out of Biden’s mouth is a lie. His current press secretary is worse than the redhead who came before her. Yet the press sits in the gallery and rarely challenges her. I don’t even want to get started about the Clintons and Obamas. How about the high-and-almighty Dr. Anthony Fauci? There are no pending investigations about any of the above. What’s good for the goose must be good for the gander. Tony Fasano Staten Island What? Santos was telling lies? What is this country coming to? He told lies about his finances, his employment records, his collage achievements and a laundry list of other issues. With a record like that, is there any doubt he’ll be an overwhelming success? Some are saying he may not run again for the House in two years: He definitely won’t. He has higher goals. He’ll run for the Senate, joining like-minded political titans, such as Sens. Blumenthal and Warren. Dare I say he’ll then run for president — and win. He has all the qualifications. He lies about everything — and with a straight face. He belongs in American politics. Jim Mastrangelo Ridgewood, NJ At this point, it would take a highly trained detective to find a kernel of truth in the massive web of lies in Santos’ published bio and public statements. Now that he’s attracted the attention of a bevy of prosecutors, it is just a matter of time before this unabashed pathological liar will be forced to step aside. He should spare his district the agony of a slow death. He can’t possibly represent his constituents effectively and, if he insists on taking the oath of office, he will be little more than a punch­line in Congress until the certain collapse of his brief tenure. He needs to accept the inevitable now, since nothing can save him. Step aside to salvage any filament of dignity he has left and make room for a legitimate congressional representative. Santos is a dead man walking. Peter Janoff Stamford, Conn. Santos was wrong for lying. But if we are talking about lying, let’s look at President Biden. He claimed he was a truck driver, told a whopping story about “Corn Pop” and has told a whole bunch of other lies. It’s scary that the leader of the free world is deluded. Santos is wrong, too. But you can’t throw him out. That’s the American system today. We are living in an anything-goes culture. Mindy Rader New City From resume embellishment to the alleged fraud in Brazil, should the GOP take a chance on this time bomb? For God’s sake, where has the GOP-with-Judeo-Christian-principles-and-morals gone? We are better than the horrible lies and fraud vested in George Santos. Mark Arthur Queens Want to weigh in on today’s stories? Send your thoughts (along with your full name and city of residence) to letters@nypost.com. Letters are subject to editing for clarity, length, accuracy and style.