The Issue: The Post’s report that almost 65,000 people moved from New York to Florida in 2022. So 64,577 people have relocated from New York to Florida (“64,577 trade NY for Florida,” Jan. 20). I am not surprised at all. We have a terrible governor and mayor, who are both destroying this once-great state and city by letting criminals rule the streets and encouraging illegal immigrants to come here. Tax-paying, law-abiding citizens are fed up. If this trend keeps up, New York state will be filled with people who don’t pay taxes and will go completely down the drain. Remember, taxes pay for services. Linda Shukofsky Valley Stream The Post’s reporting on the out-of-control crime in New York on one page and then the record number of New Yorkers moving to the Sunshine State on the next says it all. The criminal element, homelessness and zero responsibility from district attorneys and courts show the problem in a nutshell. Day in and day out, recidivist cretins run amok. No wonder cops are slow to respond or care. The leftist regime has given criminals free passes, and those who can make the switch to Florida do so without looking back. Those fleeing states with obnoxious, hypocritical policies and recklessly rising taxes have spoken. Kevin Judge Naples, Fla. With the rejection of Judge Hector LaSalle and the state Legislature not considering any changes to “bail reform” or other criminal-coddling laws, I’m wondering whether New York has finally reached the tipping point. Almost everyone who can’t put up with the leftist insanity has gone. Those who remain are either unable to leave or are fine with living in a crime-ridden state. Businesses are shutting down because of multiple thefts and break-ins. Tourists are afraid to come here and end up crime victims. The rights of law-abiding citizens are a distant second when compared to the criminal element. Bill Isler, Floral Park Thousands of New Yorkers are migrating to Florida. That’s not necessarily good news for Florida. The people leaving New York have contributed to the decline in quality of life there. Liberals embrace the woke agenda of the people they elect. But when they see what they’ve wrought, they pack up and leave. The rub is that they bring their liberal ideals with them. They screwed up the town they left and now will ruin their adopted state. Walter Goldeski East Brunswick, NJ The Issue: Mayor Adams’ call to President Biden to close the border amid a surge of migrants to New York. Kudos to Mayor Adams, who has shown the courage to actually visit the border, render a logical assessment and offer remedies (“Eric: Close border,” Jan. 19). Furthermore, putting politics aside, he outright called on the president to close down the border. It is clear that the flood of migrants has had a lopsided effect on particular cities, including New York, which prompted the mayor’s border visit. Only a thorough, concrete and humane approach will solve this crisis. Director of Homeland Security Alejandro Mayorkas needs to stop treating the border as his “no show” job. Ronald G. Frank West Orange, NJ Adams has realized that this influx of migrants is not sustainable and went to the root cause of the problem by visiting the border. The mayor’s calling-out of the administration — and Comptroller Brad Lander — is refreshing because he’s actually doing his job and not playing politics. Democrats across the country should take notice. Peter W. Kelly Hazlet, NJ Want to weigh in on today’s stories? Send your thoughts (along with your full name and city of residence) to letters@nypost.com. Letters are subject to editing for clarity, length, accuracy and style.