World No. 1 golfer Rory McIlroy is entering 2023 as the betting favorite across the board. The Irishman is the favorite to win all four Majors, the FedEx Cup, and finish as the top money leader. As the year’s first PGA Tour tournament, the Sentry Tournament of Champions, kicks off Thursday, here’s a 2023 preview of the world’s top golfer. McIlroy has been one of the best golfers in recent history, but he’s looking to get off the schneid when it comes to the sport’s top events. He has four Major wins under his belt, including a U.S. Open, Open Championship, and two PGA Championship wins, but it’s been almost ten years since his last one. The 33-year-old heads into the new year hoping to end that cold streak and become the sixth golfer ever to complete the career Grand Slam by winning the Masters Tournament. McIlroy is the betting favorite to make that happen. Oddsmakers have him as low as +750 (FanDuel) to win the Masters, but the best value is over at BetRivers, who have him as a +900 favorite to take home the green jacket. You can find slightly better odds for McIlroy to win one of the other three majors. Right now, he’s +1100 (BetRivers) to win the PGA Championship, +1000 (FanDuel) to win the US Open, and +1000 (BetMGM) to win the Open Championship, all of which are the lowest odds in the field. But as experienced golf bettors know, any professional golfer can win any given tournament. McIlroy is just +225 (PointsBet) to win one major this year. Last year, McIlroy was the best golfer in the world, and he still couldn’t pull off winning one. Without much value here, you might be better off backing McIlroy in individual major tournaments instead. Since 2007, when the FedEx Cup championship launched, no player has won it two years in a row. Oddsmakers have McIlroy as the favorite to do just that. You’ll find the highest odds on the reigning champ at PointsBet (+600). This would be a bet on sustained excellence, as this is a yearlong competition, which is a much safer gamble than on individual tournaments. McIlroy is also already off to a great start to the 2022-23 PGA Tour season, winning his only tournament (The CJ Cup) thus far and sitting at a solid ninth place in the standings. No matter how the year goes, golf bettors will be hearing about Rory a lot. If you’re looking for someone who’s likely to be in the mix to throw your money behind next time you find yourself enjoying a lazy weekend of golf-watching, McIlroy is your guy.