Fly, Eagles, Fly! If you’re anything like us, you spent yesterday afternoon in a bar at a former Bills bar in Bed-Stuy — since flooded by over-zealous, and perhaps over-served Eagles fans, excited as anything to gloat over their team’s victory in New York. One guy even had a trumpet! In the end, even us New Yorkers have to admit it wasn’t much of a game, even if we do have certain reservations about lighting up the Empire State Building in Eagles colors. The Eagles started strong, looked great all night, and never allowed for the flustered, injury-prone 49ers to gain any momentum. The end result was a 31-7 trouncing. Regardless: Eagles fans, it’s time to celebrate. Super Bowl LVII, where the Eagles will meet the formidable Kansas City Chiefs, is a little less than two weeks away, broadcasting live from Glendale, Arizona on Feb. 12. Before kickoff, make sure you’re repping Philadelphia’s latest gear with Fanatics officially-licensed jerseys, hats, T-shirts, and more. Below, we’ve rounded up our eight favorite pieces Eagles merch. Read on, click through, and Fly, Eagles, Fly! Besides bringing a trumpet to a bar, there may be no better way to let others know that you had a blast watching the Eagles rout the 49ers than this NFC Champions Pullover Hoodie, now just $85 on Fanatics. Own a piece of Super Bowl history before the game even begins, with this DeVonta Smith Autographed Authentic Super Bowl LVII Football. If you’re a true collector, this one is for you. Proof that you can do more with your merch than wear it and throw it, this framed 15″ by 17″ Eagles NFC Champions Collage Poster is the perfect way to immortalize your team’s victory forever, regardless of the Super Bowl outcome. Keep it simple with this sporty New Era Eagles Super Bowl LVII-branded cap, just $34 today on Fanatics. Don’t choose just once piece of merch. Choose them all, with this Eagles Gift Box from Fanatics, including a hat, pennant, beer coozies, towel, stickers, and more, all for just $80. In the mood for an Eagles-branded hat, but a baseball cap just won’t cut it? Try this New Era Super Bowl LVII-branded Fitted Hat from Fanatics, just $44 before the big game. Show support for one of the fiercest QB’s in the game with this Jalen Hurts Super Bowl LVII Gray Game Jersey, just $150 on Fanatics. Anyone can be an Eagles fan; it’s not just for the fellas. This sleek women’s Jalen Hurts Super Bowl LVII T-shirt is the perfect way to rep the Eagles in style. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.