The final home that the long-respected architect Frank Lloyd Wright designed has hit the market for $8.95 million — and the current owner is hoping to find someone who will keep its legacy going. Known as the “Circular Sun House,” the property was built in 1967 in Phoenix, Arizona. “The home was completely renovated in 1995 by the owner, who at the time was Linda Milton,” Deanna Peters, the agent with HomeSmart who’s marketing this listing told The Post. “And she really saved the house when she did all the remodels because it was in quite disrepair. She did some major structural things to the home to make it really beautiful. And here we are in 2023, it’s time to take it to the next level as well.” “The house would really be ideal for a local prominent person who is a real advocate for Frank Lloyd Wright’s work and everything he stands for, to own the property and really take it into the 21st century and use it as a special events property or an Airbnb — just give people who want to visit Arizona a flavor of what the history of Frank Lloyd Wright is really all about,” Peters added. Made up of three bedrooms and three baths, the unique property spans over 3,000 square feet. It was initially built as a five-bedroom, but Peters explained there is an office on top of the house, a “special library off the living room,” and a den or media room, which can be a fourth bedroom. Among the things that can be updated to coincide with modern times: the kitchen appliances, flooring and lighting. Peters also said that adding a garage somewhere wouldn’t take away from the home’s design. (The architect was known not to build his homes with garages as he saw them as spaces built for clutter.) “Most of his homes have carports,” Peters said. “People who have a $100,000, $200,000 car, they’re not going to want it to be exposed to the elements. But we don’t want to take away from the beautiful design of the home.” Every home that Wright designed has a unique fireplace — but this particular home, the fireplace is an inverted stone piece, which Peters described as a “replicate of the Guggenheim museum.” The home is one of only 14 circular homes designed by Wright out of the 1,000-plus homes he created. Designed to blend in with the curves of the surrounding desert mountain, the home boasts unobstructed views of Palm Canyon and the city below. Curved walls in golden-hued Philippine mahogany cover the three bedrooms and hallway, reflecting the natural light of Palm Canyon, the listing notes. “I would really like to see somebody purchase the home that really sees the value. I mean this is the Mona Lisa of real estate,” Peters said. “You can’t even put a value on this house.”