Sean “Diddy” Combs’ girlfriend, Yung Miami, just shared a wee bit of TMI. The 28-year-old City Girls rapper — whose real name is Caresha Romeka Brownlee — admitted on her REVOLT talk show, “Caresha Please,” that she enjoys a “golden shower.” “It say take a shot if you like golden showers — I do,” she shared while playing a drinking game with her guest, the rapper Trina. “It’s fun. You know when you’re drunk … you can pee on me in the shower … it just depends on how the night flowing,” she added. The Post has contacted representatives for Yung Miami and Diddy for comment. While Yung Miami didn’t specifically namedrop 53-year-old Diddy, the couple reportedly has been dating since at least June 2022 — although “Bad Boys For Life” singer Diddy claimed at the time that he was both “single” and “dating” while also “just taking my time at life.” After the latest golden moment, Twitter users quickly deemed him “Pee Diddy” — he already has a long list of stage names, the most current being “Love” — and relentless fans couldn’t help sharing memes and posts on Yung Miami’s honest admission. “Wake up, check Twitter and see Pee Diddy trending and why…2023 is going to be a LONG year,” one person sighed. One user even shared a resurfaced clip of Diddy allowing cameras into his bathroom while he used a urinal. “When you have to take a piss real bad — the feeling of just the release is something that truly can’t be explained. It’s almost as good as sex,” he declared. Some users even compared Diddy, 53, to convicted sex trafficker R. Kelly. “I log onto Twitter and ‘Pee Diddy’ is trending bcz Diddy be peeing on Careesha and she likes it and it’s got R. Kelly trending too..plzz,” one fan said. Another user was willing to bet that Yung Miami regretted sharing something so personal, while others wondered if Diddy would be “pissed.” “Caresha dead wrong for airing that out on live tv idgaf drunk or not I know diddy pissed,” one wrote. Another tweeter poked fun at the “Mo Money Mo Problems” rapper’s ever-changing list of stage names. “I can see P. Diddy trademarking Pee Diddy too,” they joked. In October, Diddy and another woman welcomed their daughter, Love Sean Combs, despite his dating Yung Miami. While he didn’t publicly announce the birth of his daughter until December, the rapper said she was aware of her boyfriend’s new addition. “Yeah, I did,” she said when podcast guest G Herbo asked whether she knew about the infant. “I think communication is key … when you’re dealing with somebody. It wasn’t, like, a surprise.” When Herbo asked the rapper about her own plans to start a family, she replied, “I’m f–king, so if it happens, I’ll do it. I’m not taking no Plan B [pills].”