Long Island Republican Rep. Nick LaLota called for the campaign accounts of Rep. George Santos to be immediately frozen while authorities investigate “the very fraud that induced” donations to the disgraced politician’s congressional campaign. In a statement released on Sunday, LaLota expressed concern that Santos (R-NY) may “drain his campaign account” before multiple investigations into his campaign finances wrap up. He adds that any money left in his account should be returned to “the contributors he duped.” “To the extent there is actually any real money in the campaign account of Congressman George Santos, the funds should be immediately frozen by the United States Department of Justice or Federal Election Commission,” writes LaLota. “If those federal agencies need more authority to do so, I’ll take the lead. Congressman Santos fraudulently solicited these funds and Santos shouldn’t be allowed to drain his campaign account while multiple authorities investigate the very fraud that induced these contributions,” he adds. “After Congressman Santos receives the proper Due Process – such as a House Ethics investigation or criminal proceedings or both – the funds should be returned to the contributors he duped. The DOJ or FEC must act now to ensure there is something to actually return to the victims of Santos’ financial scam,” LaLota continues. LaLota, who was elected in 2022 to represent New York’s 1st Congressional District, joined five other members of New York’s Republican congressional delegation last week – Anthony D’Esposito, Nick Langworthy, Brandon Williams, Marc Molinaro, and Mike Lawler — in calling for Santos to resign from office. He renewed his Jan. 11 call for Santos’ ouster on Sunday, saying that “New York’s Third Congressional District and justice would be best served” by Santos’ resignation. Last month, Santos admitted to The Post that he made up most of his resume during his run for office, lying about his education, work history, and religion, among other things. Reports also emerged last week that a staffer working for Santos’ campaign called up wealthy donors and pretended to be now-House Speaker Kevin McCarthy’s chief of staff in order to raise money. Apart from using imposters to fundraise, the lying congressman also successfully leveraged his false claims of Jewish heritage and past Wall Street employment for campaign donations. Santos is facing at least three criminal investigations at the federal, state, and county level. The probes are reportedly focusing on a $700,000 loan Santos gave his campaign. With Santos officially seated, a two-thirds majority vote by the House is necessary to expel him from office.