The Big Apple’s new year is starting off with a thud — as NYPD statistics show serious assaults surged more than 18% compared to the same period in 2022. Rapes were also up nearly 16% and robberies and burglaries rose 9.4% and 5.5%, respectively, for an overall 3.4% increase in year-to-date major crimes, according to NYPD statistics. The ominous CompStat figures emerged after Mayor Eric Adams and NYPD Commissioner Keechant Sewell said that the city had finally turned the corner on crime and that worried New Yorkers could expect a better 2023. “We’re leaving 2022 with crime…trending downward,” Adams said during a Jan. 5 news conference. On the bright side, the latest numbers showed shootings and murders continued to decline this year at rates of 26.7% and 12.5%, respectively, compared to 2022. Policing expert Joseph Giacalone, a retired NYPD sergeant, said it was “still early in the game” to predict what the statistics meant because “we’re only dealing with a couple of weeks.” “This is the thing that people have to think about, though: we had pretty close to a record in increasing crime last year,” said Giacalone, an adjunct professor at John Jay College of Criminal Justice. “So, if we’re not down this year, we’re in trouble because then this is the new normal and it will continue to get worse as they go along, instead of leveling off or going down.” At this time last year, overall major crimes were up 35.2%, with a near-doubling of auto thefts and a 61.7% increase in grand larcenies. Robberies had also increased at a rate of 25.1%, followed by rapes at 15.8% and felony assaults at 7.7%. A law enforcement source said the NYPD was “dealing with an ebb and flow of constant recidivism that’s amplified” by criminal justice reforms, including cashless bail and new evidence rules, known as “discovery,” that prosecutors blame for pushing up the number of cases that get dismissed. Another source said that “the downward trend of last month was based off of months of data, not weeks.” “It can change like the weather,” the source said. “We got killed in the first few weeks of last year and we managed to push back and gain ground. We overcame earlier deficits.” The source added: “The question is: What is the rest of the system doing? The NYPD can’t carry the totality of the burden.” Additional reporting by Joe Marino