Samantha Markle has unleashed a fresh tirade slamming her brother-in-law Prince Harry. The half-sister of Meghan Markle, 41, skipped beating around the bush as she called the Duke of Sussex “emotionally underdeveloped” following the release of his memoir, “Spare.” In his protocol-shattering book, Harry left no stone unturned as he made private family disagreements and conversations public. Appearing on GB News’ “Dan Wootton Tonight” Wednesday, the Duchess of Sussex’s estranged half-sister, 58, accused the exiled royal of not being able to “think like an adult.” “‘I think he [Harry] is lacking in empathy, remorse, and shame,” Samantha said. “He is showing a clear disconnect with reality and is so emotionally underdeveloped that he can’t move on from this stage where he has resentment over a whole host of issues,” she added. “I don’t think he can think like an adult because I don’t think emotionally he is one,” she added. Samantha accused the duke, 38, of playing “an attention game” before calling him a “loose cannon.” “It’s really par for the course that he’s behaving in this bitter and delusionary way,” she insisted. Last week, Harry sensationally demanded an apology from the royal family for his wife, addressing them directly: “You know what you did, and I now know why you did it. And you’ve been caught out, so just come clean.” When asked if Harry’s father, King Charles III, should apologize to the exiled couple, Meghan’s half-sister said it would set a “dangerous” precedent. “It would come with a great deal of risk and, I believe, be absolutely dangerous to do so,” she told Wootton. “I’m not going to candy-coat this. You’re dealing with people who say they won’t stop and who seem to want control.” “They’ve leaked security details about sensitive issues and created national and international security threats with their loose lips and their recklessness,” she added. Samantha, who does not have any contact with Meghan, said the Sussexes “need to grow up, be accountable and humble enough to apologize themselves.” “If King Charles apologizes to them, he is opening the door for more abuse,” she said, adding, “That’s what happens when you apologize to sociopaths and narcissists. You find yourself beating a dead horse.” “And he cannot be apathetic and enable that sort of manipulation and control,” she concluded her rant. Buckingham Palace has declined to comment on “Spare.”