Whether you just won the lottery or had the worst day ever, one thing’s for sure: having a cake or cupcakes arrive at your front door makes everything an octave better. And, while these delectable deliveries make the perfect Valentine’s Day gift, you don’t need a special occasion — say, a birthday or an anniversary — to order your frosted red velvets and rainbow sprinkled. Enter the 8 best cake and cupcake delivery services of 2023. From Sprinkles Cupcakes to The Original Crumb’s Bakeshop (yes, they’re back, and we couldn’t be happier), we whipped up the sweetest edit for you to shop from. You could say the below online shoppes are the crème de la crème. (Related: best cookie delivery services and Valentine’s day gift baskets). So, whether you’re shopping for your S.O, your mom or even yourself, treat yourself to one of the top tastiest treats. To maintain freshness ensure your perishable goods are stored in your refrigerator as soon as possible upon shipment. As a company with riveting acclaim, Georgetown Cupcake bakes from DC and will ship right to your door. Not only is this a personal favorite we ordered for a past holiday party but its Best-Seller Cupcake Dozen has all the hits that’s perfect for entertaining. For more options, check out Goldbelly’s full suite of cupcakes. When it comes to cakes, Bake Me A Wish is one of our favorites for indulgent, ready-to-order cakes. Its variety is astounding, its freshness is some of the best we’ve tried and its Salted Caramel Chocolate Cake just looks heavenly. For more options, check out Bake Me A Wish’s full suite of cakes — including cheesecake. The brand also offers gourmet cupcakes for delivery (double win!) Guess who’s back, back, back. Back again… The Original Crumb’s Bakeshop re-opened its glistening doors (online!) to provide full-fledged access to every sweet-toothed fan since its origination in 2003. Its Best Seller 6-Pack is rich in flavor and variety, along with being fairly priced at just less than $50. Pro tip: opt for the red velvet. For more options, check out The Original Crumb’s Bakeshop’s full suite of cupcakes. When in doubt, opt for Milk Bar’s 6″ Birthday Cake to ring in another year (either for your birthday or your bestie’s). Delectably, the brand’s fresh rendition of the vanilla funfetti boxed cake is beyond compare, as is its “nostalgically sweet” layers of creamy frosting. For more options, check out Milk Bar’s full suite of cakes. How prim-and-perfect does Sprinkles Cupcakes Favorites Dozen Box look? Simply ideal for your next party or celebration-worthy occasion, this brand has it all: red velvet, vanilla, dark chocolate and sprinkle. Our mouths are salivating with all this buttery frosted goodness. For more options, check out Sprinkles Cupcakes’ full suite of cupcakes. Sure, you’ve likely had wedding cake — but JFK’s? Montilio’s Bakery fully conceptualized the late president’s famous Presidential White Cake, a recipe that has been with the bakery for more than 70 years. If you’re getting married and don’t want to deal with vendors, this is your best bet. It’s also extremely pop-culture of you to try. For more options, check out Goldbelly’s full suite of cakes. This edit would be incomplete without a mention of the infamous Baked by Melissa. Notably, the brand’s star of the show is its birthday gift box filled to the brim with miniature cupcake favorites. For bite-sized cravings to ship to a friend or loved one, this bundle is everything. For more options, check out Baked by Melissa’s full suite of cupcakes. OK, we found the most Instagram-worthy cake of all time: Magnolia Bakery’s Confetti Cake. Frosted and sprinkled to perfection for your next photo-op (and celebration, of course), this delightful buttercream-frosted vanilla cake is yours for the taking — oh, and for the eating. For more options, check out Magnolia Bakery’s full suite of cakes. This company also offers gourmet cupcakes that are made-to-order. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.