This couple bonded over bizarre body modification. With a combined total of 360 tattoos and 54 piercings, Tobias Müller and Lena-Marie Duhn constantly get trolled online — but they’re too in love to care. Müller is used to attracting attention — most of it negative — with his distinct look, featuring over 300 “extreme” tattoos, a split tongue, four subdermal silicone implants, one permanent branding, and an implanted magnet and chip. However, since the 33-year-old zookeeper from Dortmund, Germany, met his muse, he hasn’t had to pay a dime for his skin art addiction. In March 2018, he fell in love with tattoo artist Duhn, 24, who has since inked his flesh hundreds of times. “She’s completed around 230 of my tattoos in the last five years and all of this has brought us closer together,” he said. “Some ex-partners didn’t want me to live life in this way, but now we can both live exactly as we want with the full support from each other.” Müller came across Duhn’s Instagram and slid into her DMs, and the two quickly formed a connection. Aside from tattoos and piercing holes all over their respective bodies, they share a love of music and films and can be their true selves around each other. “I love her character, the way she loves and accepts me as I am, with all my quirks and mistakes,” Müller said. “I think we complement each other very well.” He added that he loves that he can “change and shape” his body however he wishes, as well as the “mobility” of his split tongue. “I find everything about him attractive, such as his style and physique – especially his smile,” Duhn said. “When he looks at me with those dimples, I love it. I also love his butt and belly.” She added, “We both love the way tattoos and modifications look, as they give us the possibility to truly express ourselves.” The couple said they enjoy showing off their “doodles” and piercings to their thousands of fans online — but not everyone is so kind about it. “There are regular hateful comments, such as that I would have to be mentally ill with the way I look,” Müller told NeedToKnow.Online. Müller also revealed that he’s also been told that he won’t ever find a job and he must’ve had a bad childhood. Someone even told him they wished he was blind because of his eyeball tattoo. (That’s really no joke — as he wouldn’t be the first to report losing their eyesight after undergoing the painful process.) “I’ve often had requests to kill myself, which has emotionally hurt me — but we normally try to ignore them and simply delete any negative comments,” Duhn said. Still, “[there are some] positive comments, too, where we’ve been described as a work of art and in public, people ask for photos with us.” Not everyone is so harsh, though — some people love their originality. “We’ve been described as a work of art and in public, people ask for photos with us,” Duhn said. “At the end of the day, we’re only doing all of this for ourselves, not for anyone else.”