She got some tissue — now she’s ready for some hanky-panky. A Miami woman is claiming she underwent hymen reconstruction surgery because she wants to have sex like it’s the very first time. Influencer Júlia Medeiros, who has made headlines for looking like Kylie Jenner, explained she endured the $10,000 procedure because she wasn’t happy with the way she popped her cherry. “I was a 17-year-old teenager when I lost my virginity to a 30-year-old guy,” Medeiros, 22, told The Daily Star without disclosing her former paramour’s name. “Just like many women, I was deceived. I was promised marriage and children like in fairytales.” She added: “It’s evident that once he got what he wanted, he didn’t keep anything he promised.” Medeiros, who hails from Brazil, also insists she hasn’t worn underwear in two years, as she has grown more comfortable with her body. She says her libido has also increased. “I gained a much more sensual contour of my body,” the model noted. “The panties prevented me from showing my real [bum] size.” She says she has not yet taken her new lady bits out for a spin, according to The Daily Star, as she’s saving that experience for “someone special.” “I always wanted to have that special moment for myself. I want it to be unique and romantic, like in fairy tales. That’s why I had the surgery,” the influencer confessed. The opulent operation involves taking a thin layer of tissue from the vaginal wall to rebuild the membrane, which partially covers the opening of the vagina. Like Medeiros, several women have revealed spending thousands of dollars for “designer vaginas.” Dr. John Skevofilax, chief surgeon at Signature Clinics in the UK, told the Daily Mail in August that demand for labiaplasties doubled in one year alone. He reported performing 50 labiaplasties in 2021 — and even more in 2022. He blamed tight clothes, like leggings and tights, for the need to alter the inner and outer vaginal lips. “Exercise clothing is a little bit tighter, and it’s form-fitting, so it does put pressure on the area,” he said. “They experience pain, discomfort in general, chafing … a lot of women will feel so uncomfortable that they avoid trying to wear this type of clothing.” But it’s not a guarantee that going under the knife to fix your vagina will always go smoothly… literally. Influencer Dellie Isla said when she got her new vagina, she suffered three blood clots, which required three additional surgeries. She claims it took her eight weeks to be able to have sex again.