These “humanoid” robots are dancing their way into the future — and freaked-out humans are predicting apocalyptic world domination is surely on the horizon. The latest video from the Boston Dynamics, an often-viral engineering and robotics company, shows the organization’s newest humanoid —  named Atlas — completing tasks and showing off its dancing, flipping and parkour skills. After watching the clip, social media watchdogs couldn’t help but note the similarities between Atlas and the murderous dancing Model 3 Generative Android (a k a M3GAN) — the star of the hit horror/sci-fi movie of the same name. “Oh look honey! A killing machine that can help around the job site. Does it vacuum and take out the trash too?” @TeslaTomMY1 quipped in a video Twitter thread with nearly 20 million views and tens of thousands of reactions. “That sick little flip at the end will hit different when it’s hunting us,” Twitter user @AKJ_N5T chimed in amid a flood of fretful responses. The footage — dubbed “Atlas Gets a Grip” — features a man pretending to be working on the second level of a construction site when he realizes he forgot his tools. He quickly pulls out some kind of tech tablet and presses a few buttons to activate his bot buddy down below. The humanoid robot immediately springs into action and builds a path to the scaffolding with construction equipment laying around. Atlas then hops around the site, grabbing the tool kit and tossing it up to the forgetful construction worker. The robot then creates another path back down to the ground and backflips off the scaffolding, ending his mission with a celebratory fist pump in the air. “Such a showoff,” the construction worker quips before returning to his work. Robotics researcher Ben Stephens explained that, while the robot has been seen dancing and flipping around, Boston Dynamics is continuing to layer on “new capabilities.” (Cue the ominous Twitter panic!) “Parkour and dancing were interesting examples of pretty extreme locomotion, and now we’re trying to build upon that research to also do meaningful manipulation,” Stephens said in a statement. “It’s important to us that the robot can perform these tasks with a certain amount of human speed. People are very good at these tasks, so that has required some pretty big upgrades to the control software.” The dance moves shown off by the robot are eerily similar to scenes from “M3GAN,” which was released on Jan. 6. Sure, the masses are enjoying “M3GAN” as a movie — but they don’t seem to be as excited about Atlas and its similarities to the robot with killer dance moves. In the movie, M3GAN is a lifelike doll that is engineered by a roboticist to befriend and protect her lonely niece (Allison Williams) from emotional and physical harm. As the robot continues to learn and upgrade itself, its protective precautions turn into dangerous and deadly deeds — that include some diabolical dancing. Clips showing M3GAN dancing along to a soft and sweet Taylor Swift song as she chases down her victims with a creepily calm murderous rage from the movie went viral. Heightened awareness of the horror movie maven’s cryptic choreography has some connecting M3GAN and Atlas with haunting predictions. Boston Dynamics tweeted the clip with the caption: “It’s time for Atlas to pick up a new set of skills and get hands on” — and real-life humans had a lot of sentient thoughts on the now-viral video. “‘New skills’ = training them to do parkour so they can easily chase and take you down when you try to flee from an authoritative police government,” @tasteslikesalt jokingly suggested. “When will you teach it to shriek EXTERMINATE!! EXTERMINATE!!” Jordan Hoffman commented, while @yaaagin_ chimed in: “Its all fun and games til Atlas kicks you off a scafolding and does a flip after.” However, some of the myriad responses were a little less gloom and doom. “Elon’s son is growing up so fast” @WalkersMemeWrld snarked. “Kids tomorrow will never know the struggle of bringing dad a phillips head instead of flat.” @MightyMattXP teased. Meanwhile, Atlas’ newest “capabilities” are just the latest updates from Boston Dynamics as they continue to release “creepy” and militaristic bots to do everything from sniffing out radiation to rocking out to the Rolling Stones.