Assemblywoman Inez Dickens has had it with a soft-on-crime, tough-on-cops politician in her Harlem district — and is willing to give up her Albany post if she can oust the councilwoman, who has likened the NYPD to a white supremacist “gang.” Dickens this week will announce a bid against hard-left Democratic socialist Councilwoman Kristin Richardson Jordan in the June Democratic primary election. Dickens, 73, who is a former councilwoman, is a centrist Democrat who supports tightening the state’s controversial cashless bail law. She presents a clear contrast with Richardson Jordan, 36, who has called the NYPD “the biggest gang in New York City” and a “white supremacist institution.” The primary will be held on June 27. “So many people have asked me to run — small business people, NYCHA residents,” Dickens told The Post Monday. “This is about displeasure with the current occupant,” added Dickens, who will make her candidacy official with a Thursday kick-off event. Dickens previously served in the Council from 2006 to 2017 before her election to the Assembly. “I know how to do the job. I’ve done the job before. I have the contacts,” she said. Dickens slammed Richardson Jordan for supporting defunding the police, self abolition or “self-policing.” Richardson tweeted that that “we’re going to defund the police down to zero dollars….” Her other infamous tweets include sending sympathy to the relatives of Lashawn McNeil, the man charged with murdering police officers Jason Rivera and Wilbert Mora responding to a domestic violence call in January, as well as the officers’ families. The councilwoman also blamed Ukraine and the US for Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. Dickens said the Harlem community and the NYPD have worked to improve relations. She said Harlemites are not anti-cop — they just want good policing, not rogue or abusive policing. “The community wants respect from the police and wants to give respect to police. When we call 911 we want police to respond,” Dickens said. “Who’s going to self police?” The assemblywoman also said revising bail reform by giving judges more discretion to set bail and detain repeated criminal offenders is a must. Dickens said non-white residents are disproportionately impacted by crime. “It’s ridiculous what’s going on. Crime in happening in communities of color. We’re going a disservice to our own communities,” she said. Dickens is a lifelong resident of the 9th councilmanic district that takes in much of Harlem and Morningside Heights. Her father and mentor is the late Harlem businessman and Assemblyman Lloyd Dickens, and her uncle, Thomas Dickens, also was an assemblyman and state Supreme Court justice. She’s taken a strong interest in supporting small businesses and minority-run firms. But Dickens is not the only one challenging Richardson Jordan. Assemblyman Al Taylor has also thrown his hat in the ring, along with Yusef Salaam, one of the Central Park 5 defendants who was wrongly imprisoned until exonerated decades later in the infamous 1989 Central Park jogger rape case. “Everyone agrees we need a new council person,” said Manhattan Democratic leader Keith Wright, whom Dickens succeeded in the Assembly. “Inez is a very capable and competent candidate.” Wright, though he has not made an official endorsement, has been assisting Salaam’s candidacy. Some politicos believe Richardson Jordan’s election last year was a fluke. She defeated former Councilman Bill Perkins, who struggled with health issues, in the Democratic primary. Richardson Jordan had no immediate comment but previously told The Post she was ready for a potential challenge for Dickens. “The Assemblyperson has had the opportunity to fight and represent the people of Harlem for almost 20 years. During that time, our black and working-class communities faced mass displacement. Those who remained have struggled to access affordable housing, quality education, decent healthcare, as well as safe streets. The old way of doing things hasn’t worked,” she said. “Our office has centered the community in every aspect of our work and re-directed needed resources into the district. …We launched the first ever ‘Summer of Hope’ to prevent violence in our community by providing resources and family activities on the streets of Harlem for 60 days straight. We don’t have a ‘self-policing’ policy, we have a community care policy. We look forward to continuing to put forth a new vision to persevere Harlem and letting the people decide who best represents their interests in next year’s election.”