Stephen “tWitch” Boss has been laid to rest nearly a month after his passing. Boss’ close family gathered for a private ceremony Wednesday to honor the late star. “A larger celebration of life for the friends the Stephen considers family will be put together in the future,” a source told E! News. Boss died by suicide with a self-inflicted gunshot to the head last month. He was 40. “It is with the heaviest of hearts that I have to share my husband Stephen has left us,” Boss’ wife, Allison Holker, 34, said in a statement received by The Post at the time of his passing. “Stephen lit up every room he stepped into. He valued family, friends and community above all else and leading with love and light was everything to him. He was the backbone of our family, the best husband and father, and an inspiration to his fans.” Holker, a professional dancer who also appeared on “So You Think You Can Dance,” reportedly ran frantically into an LA police station, saying her husband had left home without his car, which she claimed was unlike him, according to law enforcement sources. Police later got a call about a shooting at a Los Angeles motel, where they found Boss with a self-inflicted gunshot wound. It was reported that Boss left a suicide note in his motel room that vaguely alluded to past challenges. “To say he left a legacy would be an understatement, and his positive impact will continue to be felt,” Holker, who shared three young children with tWitch, continued in her statement. “I am certain there won’t be a day that goes by that we won’t honor his memory. We ask for privacy during this difficult time for myself and especially for our three children. “Stephen, we love you, we miss you, and I will always save the last dance for you.” Holker has kept a low profile since the passing of her husband, but took to Instagram on Dec. 21 to share a throwback photo of the two of them. “My ONE and ONLY Oh how my heart aches. We miss you so much,” she wrote. Ellen DeGeneres, 64, has been struggling with the death of Boss, who was the longtime DJ on her eponymous daytime talk show. “I’m heartbroken,” DeGeneres said at the time in a statement received by The Post. “tWitch was pure love and light. He was my family, and I loved him with all my heart. I will miss him.” Just before Christmas, the Generes took to social media to post a teary tribute to her late friend. “Everyone is in pain and trying to make sense of it. We’ll never make sense of it,” she said. “The holidays are hard, I think, anyway, but to honor ‘tWitch,’ the best thing we can do is to laugh and to hug each other and to play games and dance and sing. That’s the way we honor him. We do the things that he loved to do.” Boss is survived by his wife, Holker, and their three children: Weslie, 14, Maddox, 6, and Zaia, 3. If you or someone you know is affected by any of the issues raised in this story, call the 988 Suicide Crisis Lifeline at 988 or visit 988Lifeline.org.