Pamela Anderson’s cameo in “Borat” didn’t elicit a very nice reaction from then-husband Kid Rock. Exposing the sordid secrets of her personal life in her “Love, Pamela” memoir out Tuesday, Anderson, 55, claims Kid Rock, 52, called her a “whore” and left her stranded at the “Borat” premiere in November 2006 upon learning the film referenced her infamous 1995 honeymoon sex tape with Tommy Lee, 60. “I didn’t tell Bob I was in the movie because I wanted to surprise him,” Anderson says in the tome, Rolling Stone reports. “I forgot about the part in the film that referenced the ‘sex tape.’” And the “Baywatch” bombshell says the “Bawitdaba” rocker, née Robert “Bob” James Ritchie, went bonkers. “Bob stormed out, calling me a whore and worse,” she confesses. “He was embarrassed, and his reaction was not thought through.” Anderson — who tied the knot with Kid Rock in August 2006 — says the incensed musician abandoned her at the movie screening. “After I chased Bob to his car, he peeled out, leaving me there alone,” she writes. “I turned back and apologized, then asked if anyone could give me a ride home.” But upon her arrival at their palatial abode in Malibu, Anderson alleges she found the rock star demolishing her property. “When I walked in, Bob was smashing a photo on the wall,” she claims. “He said he was sick of waking up to a picture of me and [photographer] David LaChapelle every day,” adds Anderson. “But it wasn’t me and David — it was Marilyn Monroe and [photographer] Bert Stern.” The couple broke up, separating in late November 2006. “I didn’t stay in touch with Bob,” Anderson reveals in the memoir. In September 2007, Kid Rock and Lee resorted to fisticuffs over Anderson at the MTV Video Music Awards. Lee whistled at Anderson when she took the stage as a presenter. “Tommy and Bob dove at each other,” she pens, in part. “Fists were flying, and the whole thing ended up on live TV. I walked out…It was a setup.” “MTV must have been thrilled.” The Post reached out to Kid Rock for comment.