Robert Redford refuses to let anyone think he could possibly be bad in bed, according to a new book. Redford, 86, insisted on cutting a piece of dialogue from “The Way We Were” implying that his character Hubbell wasn’t good in bed, author Robert Hofler revealed. His book, “The Way They Were: How Epic Battles and Bruised Egos Brought a Classic Hollywood Love Story to the Screen,” dives into the making of the 1973 romance film in honor of its 50th anniversary. Hofler wrote that the line was in both the book and screenplay by Arthur Laurents, and Laurents wanted to keep it in to complete the scene. “Hubbell looks into Katie’s (Barbra Streisand) eyes after their orgy of grapes and tells her, ‘It’ll be better this time.’ Only Redford refused to say the line. He even made sure to have it crossed out in the working script,” Holfer wrote. He added: “Redford was never bad in bed. So how could Hubbell be?” A rep for Redford declined to comment to The Post. The book also noted that Redford wore two pairs of underwear to “protect himself” from Streisand, 80. Streisand was allegedly “infatuated” with Redford, and Hofler said the actor wore two “athletic supporters” during the love scenes in response while the singer wore a bikini to keep the shots “pretty G-rated.” Holfer reported that the director of the film Sydney Pollack — who died in 2008 — had said Streisand was “delighted” and had a crush on Redford “even before we started.” “It was hard for women not to have a fixation, because he was everywhere, like Elvis. He was the golden boy long before Hubbell came along,” Pollack previously said. Laurents uttered the same sentiment, saying, “She was simply mesmerized by him because she found him so beautiful. She was infatuated with Robert Redford, who handled it well, neither encouraging her nor using her crush to his advantage.” “The Way They Were: How Epic Battles and Bruised Egos Brought a Classic Hollywood Love Story to the Screen” — which contains exclusive interviews with both Redford and Streisand — hit bookshelves on Tuesday.