The widow of the Microsoft executive who was brutally murdered last year in Florida says she is “not surprised” by the link between the accused killer and her late husband’s ex-wife. Jared Bridegan, 33, was ambushed and shot multiple times in front of his toddler daughter in Jacksonville on Feb. 16, 2022. Police announced this week that they had arrested Henry Tenon, 61, for the slaying. At the time of the grisly crime, Tenon was reportedly living in a Jacksonville home owned by Bridegan’s ex-wife Shanna Gardner-Fernandez’s new husband, Mario Fernandez. “I’m not surprised to be honest,” Bridegan’s widow Kirsten told Fox News Digital of the connection on Wednesday. Kristen spoke to the outlet following a press conference where the Jacksonville Police Department confirmed they did not believe Tenon acted alone and pointed to how the attack seemed to be both targeted and personal. “They charged him with conspiracy. That means there are more people,” she said of the suspect. “This was orchestrated, this was planned and this was specific to Jared.” Gardner-Fernandez divorced Bridegan in 2015, after she reportedly had an affair. The pair was subsequently embroiled in years-long legal battles over finances and custody of their now-10-year-old twins, Liam and Abigail. Although Gardner-Fernandez has denied involvement in Bridegan’s death, she previously admitted to asking a tattoo parlor employee in 2015 if he knew anyone who could “shut … up” her ex, a claim she has said was made as a throwaway comment, rather than a serious request. Both she and Fernandez remain suspects in the killing, law enforcement have recently confirmed. “We will continue fighting until every single person involved in this, including those who tried to cover it up, are brought to justice,” Bridegan’s brother Adam told the outlet. “We are not going to give up.” The devastated sibling also said that, “as victims,” the family has a “life sentence” of grief. Kirsten added that the couple’s two children, Bexley, 3, who witnessed the murder, and London, 1, are struggling without their father. “She heard the noises of the shots that killed her dad, and she was alone wondering what happened to him, and he’s not answering her for minutes — and minutes are an eternity for a child,” the concerned mom said of Bexley. “She’s been through a lot.” Kirsten said that her daughters also miss spending time with their older half-sister, Abigail and half-brother Liam. She claims Gardner-Fernandez will not allow the twins to see their siblings, or even speak to them on the phone. “[She] would just drop her backpack and run to her little sister,” Kirsten tearfully recalled of Abigail and Bexley’s bond. “Every time [Abigail] came home from school she would want to snuggle [Bexley]. She loved to be a big sister.” Gardner-Fernandez reportedly moved Abigal and Liam 2,800 miles away to a home purchased by her moneyed parents in West Richland, Wash. late last year, making opportunities for a reunion even harder. “Bexley asks about her big brother and her big sister, and I just say, ‘mom has tried,’” Kirsten continued. “I know [the twins] are hurting. “I am angry. I think it would be strange if we weren’t angry,” Kirsten said of the aftermath of Bridegan’s untimely death. “A grave injustice has been done to our family and that includes [the twins] and it continues to be done.”