Notorious social media influencer Andrew Tate and his cadre of so-called “professors” claim to be teaching nearly 200,000 young men — each paying $49.99 per month — how to become rich like them. Retail worker Blake Phillips, 22, of Norman, Oklahoma, said he’s “learned a ton of things” on the jailed social-media guru’s mysterious wealth-creation platform The Real World. The online “safe harbor” is billed as the second part of Tate’s three-step plan, beginning with Hustler’s University, an “exclusive community” where users can learn how to make money in online fields like copywriting, crypto investing and e-commerce. Designed to appeal to young men who want to be their own bosses and work from home, The Real World vows members will learn how to “build a large income at speed” from online instructors — each of whom purportedly has raked in more than $1 million in profits in their respective industries using the same methods they teach on the platform. “There’s a guy named Dylan Madden, he does the copywriting and freelancing,” Phillips told The Post. “He’s very good at selling with words. I realized I didn’t even know what copywriting really was until Dylan Madden taught it. He showed exactly how you can do it and how to make more money than doctors if you do it right.” Phillips said he’s paid for two months of Real World tutelage so far and doesn’t intend on stopping anytime soon, despite Tate — a 36-year-old former kickboxer and divisive social media influencer who calls himself a misogynist — being held in Romania for 30 days following his arrest on human trafficking and rape charges on Dec. 29. “I don’t believe he did that s–t at all,” Phillips, who works at a Dillard’s department store, told The Post. “There’s not even a slight doubt in my mind. All the people around him are respected individuals and they all say he didn’t do it. I don’t believe it.” Tate, who is believed to be worth up to $100 million and boasts 4.3 million followers on Twitter, has become hugely popular as a hyper-masculine life guru, posting online videos advising men to treat women like commodities. He also brags about his wealth and shares his “secrets” of success — for a price. His money-making education platform bills itself as a global community for anyone looking to “acquire an abundance of wealth” through “advanced education and mentoring” from multimillionaire experts. “Our members learn to make money while making money,” The Real World’s website claims. “Once you’re inside, we’ll immediately focus on making you earn your first profits and then keep compounding on your success over time.” For $49.99 a month, users select one of five skills and receive “completely online” business models in fields like copywriting or e-commerce. General “freelancing” is another option. “You’ll learn how to get paid a premium price to complete simple tasks, like designing logos, translating eBooks, editing videos, managing social accounts, creating websites, etc.,” the site claims. “And then we’ll teach you the most effective methods to build a list of loyal clients.” Phillips said The Real World’s instructors provided him the “fundamentals” of the copywriting industry using video materials. “There’s a network of people as well,” Phillips said of site’s access to exclusive servers. “You can actually ask the professor any question you want.” Phillips’ “professor,” Madden, represents himself online as a copywriting and freelancing expert who, as his Twitter profile brags, “went all in on writing for your favorite brands. Turned this skill into 6 figures.” Madden, who has more than 38,000 followers on Twitter, did not return messages seeking comment. He posted a video Wednesday extolling Tate’s “positive impact” on his life — complete with a mistake that didn’t go unnoticed. “Are you made [sic] about Andrew Tate’s influence on young men?” Madden asks, before lauding the former kickboxer for advancing his career, getting him into better shape and improving his personal relationships. “Prof Dylan there is a typo  on mad,” one user pointed out. The identities of some Real World instructors are masked, although the personal finance expert appears to be Arno Wingen, whose Instagram profile identifies him as a “TRW professor,” business owner and “very stable genius.” Wingen did not return a request for comment. Another apparent instructor, Las Vegas-based Andrew Bass, preaches “copywriting for fun and profit” on Twitter, where he shares tips with his 1,000 followers. “Perspicacity will teach you more than any book or school,” Bass tweeted on Dec. 6. “Perspicacity will set you free.” Tate, who remains detained in Romania, seemingly loved Bass’ synonym for shrewdness. “My unmatched perspicacity coupled with sheer indefatigability makes me a feared opponent in any realm of human endeavor,” Tate’s account tweeted Sunday. Bass did not return a request for comment. The Real World’s cryptocurrency expert, who bills himself as “crypto trading alpha” Michael G, could not be reached. On The Real World’s website, paying members are plainly told they won’t get a certificate of completion or “accreditation of any kind” upon joining. “Your membership includes access to an exclusive server for education, mentorship and a positive community to network within,” according to the site’s terms and conditions. As of Wednesday, the platform had 199,145 members, a spokesman told The Post. “Unfortunately, we don’t have direct contact with Andrew,” the spokesman, identified as Phil from TRW, wrote in an email late Tuesday. The Real World spokesman did not respond to additional inquiries, including whether professors were available for comment or additional details on course materials. Hustler’s University previously allowed members to take part in an affiliate marketing program in which they earned a commission for referring new members — prompting critics to call it a “pyramid scheme,” according to reports. But the program ended in August after Tate was booted from Facebook, Instagram and TikTok over his controversial ideologies. Tate appeared to be active again on Instagram as of late Tuesday, but the @scholar Instagram account had been removed Wednesday following an inquiry from The Post. An Instagram spokesman confirmed Tate remains banned. But that won’t stop fans like Phillips from seeking him out. “The most respectable thing about him is he just tells the truth,” Phillips told The Post of Tate. Phillips also insisted Tate — who once slammed women as “intrinsically lazy” and claimed they bear “some responsibility” for being sexually assaulted — encourages his disciples to “respect” females. A key tenet is not giving women everything they say they want, said Phillips, who is single — but “giving them what they actually want. It’s two different things.” Phillips, a college dropout who once studied music production, dismissed Tate’s critics as misinformed. “I know for a fact he’s been a positive influence not just to men. There’s plenty of women out there who feel the same way.”