Rep. George Santos is staffing up on Capitol Hill even as he’s gotten the cold shoulder from many Republicans colleagues who want nothing to do with him considering his litany of lies about his personal and professional background. The hiring spree includes bringing on Viswanag “Vish” Burra, a MAGA world political operative tied to ex-White House strategist Steve Bannon, and businessman Carl Paladino, who attracted fire on the 2022 congressional campaign trail after speaking favorably about Nazi dictator Adolf Hitler. A source close to Santos’ office said Burra will fit right in with his new boss after getting recommended by Rep. Matt Gaetz (R-Florida). “[Burra] has no problem working for controversial figures – and that’s kind of what makes him a prized staffer in that regard, because he’s not going to run away scared he doesn’t care about the suppose the professional reputational risks because this is what he does,” a source close to Santos’ office said of Burra. “He’s a fixer and he’s going in to fix the problem,” the source said. The hiring reflects how the embattled Santos has at least shored up some support on the right wing of his party after getting caught in a web of lies after beating Democrat Robert Zimmerman 54% to 46% to rep a district straddling Nassau and Queens counties. Santos made up past jobs on Wall Streets, falsely claimed he was Jewish, fibbed about a nonprofit he founded alongside other whoppers that have driven people ranging from fellow Republicans to lefty actress Barbra Streisand to call for investigations by law enforcement and the House Ethics Committee. The truth-challenged rep also faces potential criminal liability in Brazil where he reportedly used fraudulent checks in 2008. A former Pentagon official has even said Santos might present an espionage threat to the United States. But Santos is rejecting calls to resign while ingratiating himself with some party leaders by supporting Rep. Kevin McCarthy (R-California) amid his troubled bid for speaker. A New York Republican familiar with the situation said hiring Burra is hardly going to help Santos make new friends among many more House Republicans considering his links to divisive, far-right figures like Bannon, Paladino and Gaetz. “George went from roaming the halls and getting lost alone to walking with Vish Burra. He’s better off alone … Some party leaders have noted this and alluded to Burra’s presence only further hurting,” the source said. Burra and Santos did not provide comment Friday. Santos has also hired former campaign manager Charles Lovett, a former campaign aide to controversial ex-U.S. Senate candidate Josh Mandel. Gabby Lipsky is also now working in his congressional office as a spokeswoman alongside a couple more low-profile hires. But Burra, whose hiring was first reported by Newsday Friday, will be key for Santos and his ongoing effort to serve a full, two-year term while regaining support among as many fellow Republicans as well. The source close to Santos’ office said the match is hardly unexpected considering their political leanings and ties to the Big Apple. “He has congressional experience and he’s from New York, and he has a prior relationship with Santos. So it’s not like a total person out of the blue,” the source said.