An NYPD cop jumped to his death from the roof of a Queens building on Tuesday, police said. The 28-year-old officer was found just before 12:30 p.m. after leaping from the top of the LeFrak City Apartments in Elmhurst, near where the NYPD Medical Division is housed, according to police. Police sources say he had just left a department psychiatrist appointment before jumping. The name of the cop — who was a father of two, according to sources — was not released as his family had not yet been notified of his death, police said. He joined the force in 2017 and was assigned to the 121st Precinct in Staten Island, having been transferred there in September 2022, according to sources and police records. Sources said the cop had been placed on restricted duty, but it was unclear when or why the NYPD had put him on desk assignment and taken his service weapons. The officer posted a flurry of disturbing social media posts in November that raised alarms with a number of his friends. On Nov. 10, the cop wrote, “Please help me. Please love me. Please care for me. Please listen to me. PLEASE COMMUNICATE WITH ME. PLEASE SPEND TIME ON ME!” One friend responded, “stay strong… you got this think positive and all the people who love and care about you.” Two days earlier when the series of posts started, he wrote “Thank you for listening. Y’all know who you are.” His friends and family chimed in with messages of support. “Just take everything one day at a time primo. Don’t overthink things too much or get inside your own head. You’ve got this,” one wrote. Police Commissioner Keechant Sewell mourned the death of the officer Tuesday evening, writing online, “Our thoughts & prayers are w/ the member’s family & friends.” “You are never alone, help is always available. Law enforcement, text BLUE to 741741 (others, text TALK) to be connected to someone who can help 24/7,” the commissioner tweeted. If you are struggling with suicidal thoughts or are experiencing a mental health crisis and live in New York City, you can call 1-888-NYC-WELL for free and confidential crisis counseling. If you live outside the five boroughs, you can dial the 24/7 National Suicide Prevention hotline at 1-800-273-8255 or go to SuicidePreventionLifeline.org.