After weeks of bickering, Ukraine’s Western allies finally agreed to deliver battle tanks seen as capable of changing the course of the war against Russia. The move should be applauded, but the cracks in the alliance revealed America and Germany’s unease about the potentially decisive next phase of fighting. It’s worrying: Does the West have the stomach for Ukrainian victory? While the allies have been united on how to stop Ukraine from losing, there’s nothing like the same clarity on helping Ukraine win. German Chancellor Olaf Scholz is portraying his prevarication before agreeing to send Kyiv Leopard tanks and let other countries do the same as mere common sense, but Germany at times seemed to suggest Ukraine might not get the tanks at all. Ukraine’s staunch ally Poland complained that though Berlin held the keys to sending its German-made tanks, Scholz’s government had been “the least proactive country out of the group” involved in the debate. What’s more, Germany’s initial pledge of 14 tanks seems stingy given the large numbers in storage — manufacturer Rheinmetall said it could send Ukraine 139. And even with more Leopards coming from other European partners, the West has ended up agreeing to a hodgepodge of tank deliveries, each bringing different logistics and operational needs, some of them coming from countries uneasy about the idea from the get-go. Washington’s reluctance to send tanks was largely overlooked amid the attempts to get Germany to approve Leopard deliveries. But with President Joe Biden finally announcing the provision of 31 Abrams tanks, previous excuses that deploying the Abrams would be too logistically complex look just like that: excuses. Kyiv’s allies have not previously allowed practical issues like this to come so close to derailing support. Since the war began, the West has been bold: It has made demanding promises and worked hard to keep them. So what changed? Cynical self-interest influencing the hesitancy on tanks can’t be ruled out. Germany and the United States are among the world’s great arms-manufacturing superpowers, and battle tanks are lucrative export products. Tanks are sold on their reputation for invincibility — so no one from Germany or America wants to see captured or destroyed Leopards and Abrams paraded through Moscow. Indeed, the fact neither country was willing to send its tanks unless the other did so too indicated reluctance from Berlin and Washington to put prized military-industry products front and center. More alarming, the difficulty in approving deliveries may have exposed hesitancy about the outcome they’re supposed to hasten: outright Ukrainian victory. It’s hoped that having been able to repulse Russian President Vladimir Putin’s advances with Soviet-era tanks from countries such as the Czech Republic and Poland, Kyiv could gain a decisive advantage with more modern Western-made heavy equipment. Continued uncertainty about the implications of a Russian rout may be behind concerns about making this leap in support. Fears of escalation and questions around how a decisive defeat for Putin would affect the global order haven’t gone away. These are vital issues to which the West does not yet have clear answers. And so there are still steps Ukraine’s Western partners refuse to take. While Scholz confirmed Leopard tanks for Ukraine, he reiterated that fighter jets remain out of the question. Kyiv officials say Western fighters are the “next big hurdle,” but Scholz insists this red line was “made clear very early, including from [the] US president.” There’s no doubt Ukraine will keep piling the pressure on Germany, America and other partners to provide more powerful support. Along with fighter jets, Kyiv is itching for longer-range missile systems to strike Russian logistics operations far behind enemy lines. And as the West has continually ramped up military support in response to Kyiv’s requests so far, President Volodymyr Zelensky’s sustained pressure is perfectly justified. But diplomatic shambles like the tank dispute will repeat unless the mental block over Ukrainian victory is cleared. Germany, in particular, has a lingering aversion to proactively pushing for more advanced military support. In some ways, this isn’t surprising: For Berlin, assuming responsibility for Ukrainian victory would mean irrevocably destroying diplomatic bridges with Moscow built up over decades. And Germany’s reticence will be a major part of a coming headache for the West. A decisive Ukrainian triumph will have different implications for the United States, the European Union, Britain and other allies. Yet Ukraine’s allies need to be just as united in their approach to potential victory — including what this would mean for future relations with Russia — as they have been in their approach to Ukraine’s defense. Future decision-making can’t be clouded by more uncertainty and infighting. For this, a clear roadmap is needed that takes all allies’ interests into account as the war enters a decisive phase. To keep support for Ukraine alive, the West needs to start drawing up a plan for victory. William Nattrass is a British journalist based in Prague.