There’s a mystery millionaire in the Bronx, after a Mt. Eden deli sold a $20 million winning ticket in Tuesday’s Mega Millions drawing. “I was speechless for a minute. I was ecstatic!” said Fahad Abubaker, son of the owner of the 170th Street Grocery, where the ticket was sold. “It’s great for the Bronx. It’s great for the area. The main thing I hear is that nobody ever won in this area….or not recently.” The big grand prize win was announced Wednesday by the New York Lottery. Someone claiming to have the winning ticket has come forward, the New York State Gaming Commission told The Post Wednesday, and the state is in the process of verifying it. “Whoever it is, I hope it’s one of our regular customers from the area who comes to our store daily, support us,” Abubaker said. “This store has been here for 20 years and nobody has ever won anywhere near a million dollars.” Lottery winnings are taxed at the federal, state and local levels. If the winner takes their money in one lump sum payment, the $20 million ticket comes to $6.5 million after taxes, the gaming commission said. Still, deli regulars expressed amazement Wednesday at the idea one of their neighbors might be a newly minted millionaire — and frustration it wasn’t them. “I wish I’d bought that ticket,” 69-year old Frances Malcolm said. “Who doesn’t need the extra money?” But, she said, “I’m very happy for the person who won.” Asked what she’d do if she won, Malcom said she’d buy a house. “My mom is 94 years old, I would take her with me,” she said. “I’d see to it that she gets whatever she needs for however long she will be here for.” “I’m dying to know who won,” Anthony Davis, a 53-year-old Amazon driver, told The Post. “I didn’t play last night. I missed out last night. I don’t believe that.” Davis told The Post he spends $40 a day on the lotto — and had just won $200 on the Pick 4, but hadn’t yet claimed his winnings. “If I’d come last night and cashed my ticket, I’d have played [the Mega Millions],” he said “I’m sorry I didn’t come down. I’m about to go outside and cry.” “I love this store. This is my hangout spot,” Davis added. “I’ve been buying for years but I ain’t won nothing like that.” “I wish it was me,” 64-year-old retiree Elijah Moore said, laughing. “I would take my family all over the world. I’ve been to 29 countries but nobody in my family has ever been out of this country.” The most common sentiment among those gathered at the 170th St. Grocery at lunchtime on Wednesday was pride that the money was coming to the Bronx. “It’s about time,” one regular said. “You hear about New Hampshire, far away places. It’s our time!”