It’s already been quite the season for the Boston Bruins. They’ve got the best record in the NHL, they’re 18-0-2 at home, they lead the NHL in goals against average and they’re now the consensus Stanley Cup favorites. All of this during a campaign in which the B’s were expected to take a step back. Winning the 2023 Winter Classic at Fenway Park would be another feather in the cap for the high-flying B’s. A week ago, you’d have thought a showdown with the Pittsburgh Penguins would be a pretty stiff test for the Bruins. The Pens entered the break on a 15-3-3 heater and looked like a very safe bet to make the postseason. But Pittsburgh has exited the holidays in poor form, losing three games on the spin to the Islanders, Red Wings and Devils, and now is dealing with a bit of an injury cluster. Kris Letang, Jeff Petry and Chad Ruhwedel are all likely to miss the Winter Classic, meaning Pittsburgh will be going up against the best team in the NHL with half of its regular defensemen on the shelf. Pittsburgh always seems to be able to handle these kind of injury bugs, but it isn’t just the team’s health that is concerning right now. The Penguins have also struggled to drive play at five-on-five over the last month. After posting a 54 percent expected goals rate and 55 percent high-danger chance rate over their first 23 games, Pittsburgh has barely been over 50 percent in both categories since the start of December and is under 50 percent over its last 10 contests. That doesn’t bode well against the Bruins, who rank first in five-on-five goal differential, third in expected goals rate and sixth in high-danger scoring chance percentage this season. Boston has been superb at five-on-five this season, but the B’s are also getting major contributions from their special teams — they have the fourth-best power play and second-best penalty kill in the NHL so far — and their goaltenders, specifically Linus Ullmark. Ullmark, who wasn’t even guaranteed to be the starter in Beantown this year, leads the NHL with a .938 save percentage and +20.4 Goals Saved Above Expected (per MoneyPuck) in 24 appearances this season. At first glance, the price on Boston may seem a bit steep, especially in a one-off contest like the Winter Classic. But when you factor in the injuries and form, it makes sense that Boston is the clear favorite on Monday afternoon. With Letang, Petry and Ruhwedel out, it’s hard to imagine the Penguins being able to stick with Boston at five-on-five. Boston should be able to get the separation needed for bettors to feel comfortable laying the -1.5 goals on the puckline. Bet the Bruins -1.5 goals.