Forget working from home – eight in 10 surveyed remote workers are ready to do their jobs from vacation. According to a recent survey of 2,000 remote and remote-flexible workers, 80% would consider working remotely from a vacation destination as a way to extend the length of their trip. That held especially true for respondents ages 26 to 41 (83%), who made up 70% of the polling panel. Overall, half of those surveyed said they’re just as likely to work on vacation (48%) as they are to work from their local coffee shop (47%). When asked to choose between a longer trip that involved some remote work and a shorter trip that required no work, twice as many respondents opted for the former (46% vs. 26%). Conducted by OnePoll on behalf of Marriott Vacations Worldwide, the survey also indicates the average remote worker takes four overnight trips a year, and 83% have taken at least one such trip in 2022. At the same time, the average remote worker only uses nine vacation days during that same time period, with one in five (22%) taking five days or fewer and nine in 10 (90%) taking fewer than three weeks. This aligns with similar findings from the U.S. Bureau of Labor and Statistics, which found that most private industry workers (65%) only receive between five and 14 paid days off after one year of service. Of those surveyed by OnePoll, only 40% claimed that their employer offers unlimited vacation time, and 39% are not compensated for the paid time off they don’t use. With that in mind, it’s not surprising that 79% of respondents report being more interested in “workcations” now than they were two years ago, and are planning to take anywhere from one to five vacations in 2023. “The rise of remote work has changed how people think about vacation time and leisure travel,” said Lori Gustafson, EVP, Chief Brand and Digital Officer at Marriott Vacations Worldwide. “The flexibility of no longer being confined to an office has opened up a new opportunity for Americans to give in to their wanderlust and take a ‘workcation.’” Seven in 10 workers (73%) take more vacation days a year now than they did before working remotely. And more than two in three (69%) believe the flexibility of remote work has improved their overall well-being and happiness. Remote workers are already accustomed to getting their work done away from their office, too –96% said they frequently do remote work from somewhere other than their home, including 65% who do so frequently. Not surprisingly, survey-takers cited hotel rooms (25%) and vacation rentals (23%) as the top places they get work done while on vacation – although one in six would even be down to feel productive while sitting poolside (18%). Location aside, space (36%), quiet (38%) and internet access (42%) are the top three amenities workers look for when selecting accommodations for a hybrid work-vacation. “Travel is not solely about the location, but about experiences. Those who work remotely from their destination not only have the space to separate the workday from the vacation, but can also enjoy a range of experiences and adventures when the workday comes to an end,” added Gustafson. “When you can work from anywhere, any weekend can be a long weekend to enjoy a vacation, visit friends and family you haven’t seen in a while and just make up for lost time.”