Prince Harry opened up in his tell-all memoir about how his mother Princess Diana’s legacy inspired him to try to make peace with the royal family in the wake of his grandmother Queen Elizabeth’s death — but that his father and brother foiled his attempts at reconciliation. “We Windsors had been at war for months,” Harry recalls in a translated excerpt from the leaked Spanish edition of “Spare” obtained by The Post. Prince Harry, 38, acknowledged that he and his wife, Meghan Markle, 41, had been estranged from the rest of the royal family since their decision to step down as working royals in 2020. But he said that the death of his grandmother, Queen Elizabeth, at age 96 on Sept. 8, 2022, caused him to see the “public break with everyone” in a new light. “Although I had flown home solely and exclusively for my grandmother’s funeral,” he continues, “I had decided to take advantage of the trip to request a secret meeting with my older brother, Willy, and my father to talk about how things were.” In addition to honoring the Queen, Harry says his quest for peace also stemmed from the memory of his late mother, Princess Diana, whom he remembers as “the most recognizable woman on the planet and one of the most beloved.” “People forget how hard my mother fought for peace,” he writes, recalling her famous trips to AIDS clinics and minefields. “And I knew how much she craved … the peace between her children and between the two of us and our father.” The attempt at familial harmony, however, was short-lived, as Harry claims his father, King Charles, and brother, Prince William, met him prepared “for a duel.” “They seemed very serious, almost threatening,” he writes of the meeting, remembering that the pair approached him “shoulder-to-shoulder … with a firm step.” “Under normal circumstances, they would be arguing about one thing or another. But at that moment they seemed to be in tune, conspiring.” Prince Harry’s recollection of the failed peace summit is just one of the many revelations in the tell-all, which recounts his troubled childhood amid his parents’ contentious marriage, through his stumbling early adulthood and relationship with Markle. Not surprisingly, members of the royal family have been bracing for months for the potential fallout from the book, which will hit shelves on Jan. 10. Speaking to Page Six last October, royal biographer Tom Bower referred to the tome as a “time-bomb.” The royal family is “hugely nervous,” he said.