Newly-published photos show Hunter Biden had access to Joe Biden’s beloved Corvette that the president says was kept in a “locked garage” alongside classified documents from his time as vice president. The pictures, obtained from Hunter Biden’s abandoned laptop and verified for authenticity by the Washington Free Beacon on Wednesday,  cast doubt on the 80-year-old president’s claims that the top-secret papers discovered in a garage at his 6,850-square-foot Wilmington, Delaware mansion were properly secured. The snaps, taken on an iPhone camera just outside the president’s home, show Hunter Biden in the driver’s seat of his father’s Goodwood Green-colored 1967 Chevrolet Corvette Stingray convertible in July of 2017, the newspaper reported. In the two images, the president’s son can be seen posing in the classic car alongside two girls, whose faces are blurred. One of the passengers appears to be Hunter Biden’s niece, Natalie Biden, the report said, and the other could not be identified. Last week, President Biden admitted that a batch of documents were found in his Delaware garage next to his prized Corvette. “Classified materials next to your Corvette? What were you thinking?” Fox News reporter Peter Doocy asked Biden. “My Corvette is in a locked garage, OK? So it’s not like they’re sitting out on the street,” Biden replied, seeming to brush off the significance of the discovery. “So it was in a locked garage?” Doocy persisted. “Yes, as well as my Corvette,” Biden claimed. It’s unclear if anyone else had access to the Wilmington garage. The White House contends that it does not keep visitor logs for the president’s private residence. Hunter Biden lived off and on at the Delaware home while he was addicted to drugs and striking shady foreign business deals. The now-52-year-old began listing the Wilmington home as his address following his 2017 divorce from ex-wife Kathleen Buhle — even falsely claiming he owned the property on a July 2018 background check form as part of a rental application. On May 13, 2017, about two months before the photos of Hunter Biden in the Corvette appear to have been taken, he was looped in on an email from business partner James Gilliar about a venture with Chinese state-backed energy firm CEFC China Energy. Gilliar’s email said that he, Hunter, and two other business partners would get 20% shares in the new business, with 10% going to Hunter’s uncle James Biden and the remaining 10% “held by H for the big guy.” Another former Hunter business partner, Tony Bobulinski, alleges that he met with Joe Biden to discuss the CEFC venture on May 2, 2017, and that the president was the “big guy” referenced in Gilliar’s email. Gilliar himself also identified Joe Biden as the “big guy” in a communication retrieved from the laptop. On Jan. 12, Attorney General Merrick Garland appointed former Maryland US Attorney Robert Hur as special counsel to investigate how the classified documents ended up in Biden’s private possession. House Oversight Committee Chairman James Comer (R-Ky.) has already begun probing who may have had access to the sensitive papers, some of which reportedly contained top-secret information on Iran, Ukraine, and the United Kingdom. Comer has demanded to see visitor logs from the president’s Delaware home and his former office at the Penn Biden Center, where the first batch of 10 or so classified papers were found in November of last year. He is also seeking information on whether the Penn Biden Center think tank received any donations from China — which the University of Pennsylvania, the think tank’s parent entity,  denied in a statement to The Post last year.