He found it ruff-ensive. A Facebook user is being ridiculed online after shaming a woman’s dating profile for joking that her dog sits on people “without consent.” His post is currently blowing up as bemused viewers label him a “snowflake” for being so easily offended. The issue first came to light after the man, named Taylor, posted a screenshot of the unnamed singleton’s Tinder page on a Facebook page that mocks and shames users on the app, Kennedy News reported. Along with stating that she was an avid reader who loves playing the ukelele, the dating hopeful wrote: “My dog will sit on your lap with or without your consent. Sorry about that.” This didn’t sit well with Taylor, who captioned the pic: “Consent violations are a no go from me. Thanks for waving the red flags.” Needless to say, the outraged man found himself in the Facebook fryer accusing him of “virtue signaling” for taking such umbrage over a harmless dog joke. “What breed of snowflakes are you? I’m intrigued,” mocked one detractor, while another declared, “This is why conservatives call us snowflakes.” Many deemed Taylor’s argument especially laughable as dogs don’t have the ability to ask for consent. “Come on, really? Consent violations?” exclaimed one critic.  “How’s the dog gonna ask for consent? Sometimes I forget people like you exist.” Another wrote, “Animals don’t have the cognitive capacity to ask for consent. I thought it was funny, but even if you didn’t just swipe left. Not sure why you wanted to blast this poor girl on here when there’s nothing wrong with her profile.” One Facebook wit even asked the poster if he could teach their dogs “to get permission before pooping inside the house” because “it’d be real nice to not ever have to clean up accidents again.” “Sure give me 10K and I’ll train your dogs not to s–t on your carpet,” Taylor snarked in response. In a follow-up comment, he urged pet owners to train their dogs better and “leash them if they aren’t.” One exasperated Facebook found it ridiculous that the man would compare a canine’s bid for attention to the serious issue of sexual assault. “A dog sitting on your lap uninvited isn’t the same as violating someone sexually,” they wrote. “Get the f–k out of here with that.” Interestingly, a few commenters seemingly sided with Taylor, claiming that using the word “consent” went too far. “I really don’t love the idea of casually joking about consent, especially on a dating site,” wrote one offended party. “I know she’s saying it about the dog and, I’ve made similar jokes about my own pets too (trying to remember not to though),” wrote another.” “But if a dude said something casually flippant about consent I’d roadrunner my way out of there.” “The joke is off color and gross not because it’s a dog, but because it’s a joke about violating consent in general,” a third complained. “It’s just strange wording and would be a red flag imo [in my opinion], not because I don’t think that person has boundaries but because it’s just f–king weird and off putting.” Semantics battle notwithstanding, many blamed the Tinder user for not training their pooch better. “People who let their dogs invade your personal space are the worst. It’s not cute,” scoffed one critic. “And I don’t see why people are taking issue with the use of word ‘consent,'” argued another. “It’s not about the dog. It’s about the owner not caring about the other person’s boundaries; not caring about whether or not they consented to having a dog in their personal space.” This isn’t the first time someone has been accused of being a snowflake. Gen Zers came under fire in October after deeming the thumbs-up emoji “rude” and “hostile,” and even saying they feel attacked whenever they see it used in the workplace.