Ohio sports betting is now live and sports bettors in the Buckeye State can claim a $1,000 first bet insurance on BetMGM with the bonus code NYPOHIO. Click the button below for more information. If you don’t live in Ohio, New York Post can get their hands on a $1,000 no-risk bet with BetMGM. Enter the bonus code NPBONUS during the BetMGM sign-up process, and make your first sports bet at no risk when the Tampa Bay Buccaneers host the Dallas Cowboys in Sunday’s wild-card game. The new customer offer from BetMGM lets new users make a no-risk first sports bet up to $1,000. Use the bonus code NPBONUS to get the offer before the Cowboys take on the Buccaneers tonight in Tampa. This means that if your bet wins, you keep the winnings like normal, but if it loses you still get your entire initial wager back in the form of betting credits. The sign-up offer from BetMGM is among the best on the market, and its a great opportunity to enter the sports betting world. NFL Wild Card Weekend continues into Monday night when the Tampa Bay Buccaneers host the Dallas Cowboys to finish off the first round of the playoffs. Tampa Bay enters this game 8-9 after winning the NFC South, and Dallas comes into the postseason as the NFC’s top wild-card team at 12-5. BetMGM Sportsbook favors the Cowboys by 2.5 points, and that feels about right, even though the Buccaneers are playing at home. Tampa Bay has been underwhelming this season. It eked out wins against bad teams like the Rams, Saints, and Cardinals while averaging just 18.4 points per game in 2022, which is the lowest of any playoff team and bottom-10 in the NFL. The Buccaneers still have quarterback Tom Brady who’s had another great season, but the rest of the team hasn’t played well this season. It’s not like Dallas is flawless, either. Dak Prescott is tied for the league lead in interceptions (15) despite missing a chunk of games is not ideal and the Cowboys’ 26-6 loss to the Washington Commanders in Week 18 was also concerning. The big difference is Dallas has shown the ability to overcome its blemishes with a top-five defense (allowing 20.1 points per game), the fourth-best offense in the league, averaging 27.5 points. The Cowboys are the more talented team, so use the bonus code NPBONUS to make a no-risk bet on Dallas.  New and existing players. Must be 21+. AZ, CO, DC, IA, IL, IN, KS, LA, MD, MI, NJ, TN, VA, PA, WV, WY only. Full T&C apply. One of the easiest ways to get yourself a load of free bets is through BetMGM’s very generous “refer a friend” scheme. BetMGM allows bettors to refer up to 20 friends, with both getting a $50 bonus. Your friend will need to make their first deposit and place their $50 bonus on any sport at odds of -200 or greater in order for you to claim your bonus. For Ohio: 21+ and present in OH. Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER.