Before the Giants and Eagles clash on Saturday night in a NFC Divisional Round showdown at Lincoln Financial Field, get to know Philadelphia’s biggest supporters, who will be cheering on the conference’s top-seeded team. Britain Covey and his wife, Leah Covey, will celebrate their third wedding anniversary later this month. The Eagles wideout previously shared that he used to “stalk” Leah’s profile while he was a freshman at Utah and she was a sophomore. Covey proposed in October 2019. Then, in September, the couple announced that they are expecting a baby boy in March. “Lots of big things happening for us this year!” Leah wrote on Instagram at the time, sharing photos of the couple kissing while holding an ultrasound photo. “But this little announcement is our favorite part.” Eagles defensive tackle Fletcher Cox and New Jersey native Kaycee Marchetti have been dating since at least 2019, according to their respective Instagrams. The couple celebrated her 29th birthday in June, followed by his 32nd in December. At the time, Marchetti took to Instagram to share a birthday tribute to Cox, writing, “This day, above all days. Happy Birthday baby! I love you more with every second of every day for the rest of my life.” Landon Dickerson and his fiancée, Brooke Kuhlman, have a wedding to plan. The Eagles guard proposed to the former Alabama volleyball player at the beach in Gulf Shores, Alabama, in May 2021. At the time, the couple received a shoutout from the Eagles on Instagram, congratulating them on the relationship milestone. The team also posted a TikTok video of the proposal. “Between getting drafted, graduating and an engagement it’s been one of the best weeks of my life,” Dickerson, an Alabama alum, posted on Instagram, where he included photos of the proposal. Kuhlman said “yes to the dress” last April, when she shared a photo of her family and Dickerson’s in front of a bridal boutique. Eagles offensive tackle Jack Driscoll proposed to his girlfriend, Taylor Jackson, with a stunning oval-shaped diamond ring on the beach in June. The couple has been dating since at least 2018, according to her Instagram, and she supported him while he played at Auburn University. Jackson, who works in fashion, started a new job at Anthropologie in August, following three years with Spanx. T.J. Edwards and his fiancée, Kelly Jo, celebrated one year of being engaged on Jan. 9, 2023. The Eagles linebacker popped the question in a candlelit room with rose petals that overlooked Liberty Place in Philadelphia. The couple, who attended the team’s holiday party last month, has been dating since at least early 2017, according to Kelly’s Instagram. Jake Elliott and his wife, Annie Elliott, will celebrate their third wedding anniversary in March. The couple tied the knot at the Fairmount Park Horticultural Center during the COVID-19 pandemic in 2020 and honeymooned in the Maldives. They moved into their first home together with their dogs in Philadelphia around September 2021. Annie was by Elliott’s side when he signed a five-year extension with the Eagles in November 2019. He proposed in June of that year. Married for eight years, Carlyne Graham remains the biggest champion of Eagles defensive end Brandon Graham, with whom she shares two children. The couple joined forces with the “Team Graham 55” initiative, volunteering their time for different organizations and causes, and serving their local community in a multitude of ways. Carlyne also supports Graham on Eagles game days, when she’s posed with her favorite player in the end zone. The girlfriend of right tackle Lane Johnson, Kelsey Holmer celebrated the end of the regular season in style when she and fellow supporters waved their Philadelphia flags on top of a bus at a tailgate. “Go Birds babyyyyy!!” she captioned the post on Instagram this month, to which Johnson responded with a pair of heart-eyed emojis. The new year is shaping up to be a big one for Eagles center Jason Kelce and his wife, Kylie McDevitt Kelce. Not only are the Eagles looking to continue their postseason run following a 14-3 regular season, but the parents of two will soon add another member to their team. “Another Kelce lady? Don’t mind if we do. Coming February 2023,” Kylie proudly announced in September, to which Uncle Travis Kelce replied, “Baby girllssss everywhere!!” The Kelces have been married since 2018. When girlfriend Mariah Rojas graduated with a Master’s degree in psychology in June, Eagles running back Boston Scott was by her side for the big day. In a post shared on Instagram, Scott — who is known as a Giants killer — gushed of Rojas, “That’s master to you. You made it.” Rojas has backed Scott at Eagles games throughout the season, and also accompanied him to the team’s holiday affair in December. It’s family first for Eagles cornerback Darius Slay and his wife, Jennifer Slay. Married since 2018, the model frequently posts pics of their kids on social media, including their recent holiday gathering in December. Elsewhere on her page, Jennifer shares snaps of her gameday ensembles, which previously included a bedazzled Eagles jersey and a glitzy football-shaped clutch. Katya Suh married Eagles defensive tackle Ndamukong Suh in 2020 and welcomed twin boys a year later. Though Katya frequently shares family and football happenings on her social media pages, she also promotes her “Kicks & Cocktails” endeavor, too. Described as an “outlet to create unique, accessible, sneaker-inspired cocktails,” Katya regularly posts unique concoctions that match her sneakers, including her beloved espresso martini.