She needs protection for her perfection. An Arizona woman says she’s considering hiring a bodyguard because men won’t stop hitting on her at the gym. Monica Hudlt works out five days a week but often experiences unwanted attention at the hands of fellow gym junkies who fawn over her flawless physique. “I would happily pay $3,000 a month for someone who does a good job and can scare people off,” Hudlt told the Daily Star, saying her male minder would simply have to accompany her to the gym and to photoshoots. “Working out and exercising is super important to me as I do it not just for my physical health but my mental well-being,” she additionally explained. “I get hit on at the gym at least once every time I go so it can get a bit draining.” The blond beauty — who is happily married to husband John — recalled one recent encounter with a sleazy man inside the fitness facility. “Once I was looking at my phone one day and this older guy came up to me and said, ‘Stop trying to text me, I didn’t bring my phone.’ I replied saying I wasn’t texting him and he then asked if I wanted to,” she stated. While Hudlt admits that it does make her “feel good” to know that the men find her “attractive,” she “just wants to be left alone so she can get in and get out [of the gym].” Things can be even harder for Hudlt outside of the exercise emporium, with pesky males refusing to stop with their advances. The busty beauty once had a stalker who would harass her via text message on a variety of different phone numbers. “This guy would text me pretending to be other people, like the lady that does my eyelashes, a photographer, and even a doctor,” she eerily recalled.  “It was super creepy and I had to block all the numbers he would text from. He was just this random man.” On one occasion, the model was even assaulted by a different man who grabbed her leg while she was walking upstairs to a train station. “He tried to pull me into an alley. Thankfully people came and he ran off but it was so scary,” she stated. “I shudder at what might have happened if he hadn’t been interrupted.” Hudlt hasn’t settled on the exact bodyguard that she will hire, but says her husband isn’t worried about the prospect of a hunky male minder accompanying her to the gym. “He is not intimidated at all,” she declared. “He gets get worried when I go out by myself in the evening.”