If “earn more credit card points” or “save money” is one of your top New Year’s resolutions, we’ve got some exciting news for you. For a limited time, current Chase Freedom cardholders (no longer accepting new applicants) and aspiring or existing Chase Freedom Flex cardholders can earn five points for every dollar spent at Target (or 5% cash back). Cardholders can also enjoy the same savings on grocery store purchases and gym memberships to encourage a healthier lifestyle in 2023: eating at home and getting exercise. Through March 31, 2023, cardholders can get five points per dollar spent on up to $1,500 of spending in these categories. In an effort to help you earn points or save money in the new year, The Post rounded up a list of 10 products from Target that may be worth your dollar. The Fitbit Versa 2 Smartwatch is ideal for those who are looking to optimize their health. It will track your sleep, heart rate, exercise, steps and so much more. Currently on sale and available in two different colors. Stock up on the basics this new year! The All in Motion train pants are great for lounging around the house or wearing to the gym. If you want to revamp your home this year, consider getting this art deco-themed desk. We love this Method French Lavender All-Purpose spray for all clean-ups. For the shopper on the hunt for a new mattress, you can’t go wrong with Casper. The Element model is one of the brand’s top options, and it’s available in all standard bed sizes. Calling all chefs! A Vitamix is a must for any food lover. It will make smoothies, dips, and soups — the blending possibilities are practically endless. If you didn’t get the new AirPods Pros for Christmas last year, gift yourself a new pair. They’re noise-canceling, can be customized to the size of their ear, connect easily to Bluetooth and have up to 6.5 hours of listening time. If you love video games (like we do) and don’t already own a Nintendo Switch — this is your sign to make the plunge. Play solo or connect to your TV and play with friends or family. Get your outdoor oasis ready for Spring and Summer 2023 with this epic outdoor furniture set with two chairs, a love seat, a side table, and a fire pit. This trendy faux shearling jacket is the perfect jacket to add to your wardrobe this winter. Not only will it keep you warm, but you’ll look chic, too! If you love game night just as much as us and don’t already love Catan, consider giving the popular board game a try. Target is currently selling the 3D model. Not only do poufs add a cozy vibe to any space, they’re great for resting your feet on while watching your favorite TV show. We love this discounted option from Target. For more content, check out the New York Post Shopping section.