Scott Mayfield grew up in St. Louis and he can claim Denver as a second home after playing there in college. But Long Island, the place he’s played his entire NHL career and lives full-time, might end up being the place he puts down roots. Assuming, that is, he gets through free agency this summer with the intended outcome. “I love it here. My wife loves it here. We’ve kind of set up, we have a house now,” Mayfield told The Post ahead of Saturday’s match against the Canadiens. “We have friends outside of hockey. We love the community. We love what we’re able to do. We have season tIckets that we’re able to have military members at games. So we’ve definitely ingrained ourselves in the community. “I love the guys in the room, I love the ownership, I love the front office, coaching staff, they coach the way I like. It’s an ideal situation. We like it there a lot.” That amounts to an emphatic endorsement of staying put ahead of what will be Mayfield’s second chance at unrestricted free agency. The first never got as far as the summer, with Mayfield signing a five-year extension in January 2018 with an average annual value of $1.45 million. The 30-year-old is likely due for a raise, though exactly how much will depend on whether or not the salary cap stays flat over the summer. After NHL commissioner Gary Bettman sounded pessimistic about the possibility of the players paying off escrow on time for the cap to balloon this summer at December’s GM meetings, a flat cap is seen as the likely outcome. But with nothing confirmed as yet, it would be no surprise for much of the league to wait and make sure they don’t miss out on extra dollars by signing now. Still, Mayfield said he has not instructed his agent to wait on negotiating and does not have a prohibition on doing so during the season, as some players do. “I definitely haven’t said any of that to my agent,” Mayfield said. “If it’s something that comes up, it comes up, but at the same time, I think right now we’re worried about getting in the win column a little bit more.” The Islanders carried a four-game losing streak into Saturday’s game, hardly an ideal place to be as they find themselves fighting for the second wild-card spot in the Eastern Conference. Mayfield scored the lone goal for the Isles on Thursday’s 3-1 loss to Minnesota, skipping a puck off the ice to beat Filip Gustavsson from the point for a goal that, truth be told, NHL goaltenders should easily stop. Still, Mayfield’s fifth goal of the season tied his career-high. And though he and everyone else knows his value comes more on the defensive end, that is a good milestone to have just 43 games into a contract year. “It’s been a little bit different,” he admitted. “You don’t want to think about it. You just want to go out and play, you want to take care of business on that end. It’s definitely been a little bit different — anyone who says [free agency’s] not on their mind, it’s gotta be a little bit. “It’s just part of the game, but at the same time, all I can do is prove to people here that I belong. I just want to showcase my game and show what I can do. I’m not thinking about it in terms of worried about it at all. It’s all gonna work out, whatever happens.”