San Francisco 49ers running back Christian McCaffrey left the Linc smiling after his team suffered a loss to the Eagles in the NFC Championship game on Sunday. After the game, McCaffrey shared a sweet moment with his girlfriend, model and reality star Olivia Culpo, who posted a photo of the pair kissing and hugging on her Instagram Story. “Beyond proud of you,” Culpo wrote under the black and white snap, which appeared to be taken outside of Lincoln Financial Field. Culpo then revealed that she experienced some travel delays while leaving Philadelphia. That came after the TLC star, 30, said she was running on fumes because her original flight to Philadelphia was delayed, and she arrived in the early morning hours on game day. “Our plane is going back to the gate for ‘maintenance issues,'” Culpo wrote over a somber-looking selfie. “Thoughts and prayers.” The former Miss Universe winner was likely heading back to the West Coast, where she owns a home in the Los Angeles area. Now that McCaffrey’s offseason has officially begun, the couple might decide to take a vacation somewhere tropical as they’ve done in the past. McCaffrey, 26, was a key piece to the 49ers reaching the NFC Championship game after the Panthers traded him in October. Culpo was a fixture on the sidelines during the running back’s five-and-a-half seasons with the Panthers before she swapped her black and blue gear for the 49ers’ red and gold swag. The Sports Illustrated Swimsuit alum became fast friends with the wives and girlfriends of Niners players, including George Kittle’s wife Claire, who she hung out with at the NFC Championship game. On Sunday, Culpo shared a video on her Instagram Story that featured Kittle and more 49ers WAGs riding a party bus to Lincoln Financial Field. McCaffrey had 25 yards after contact on his second-quarter touchdown run — which made him the first player with a postseason rush TD with at least 25 YAC [yards after catch] since Jamaal Charles had one for the Chiefs in the 2010 AFC wild-card round, according to ESPN’s Nick Wagoner.