Get ready to ride the crimson tide because these celebrities are red hot. Red is the first color the human eye recognizes and when it comes to hair hues, the hardest to forget. “Whether they spring from genes disarranged by earthly forces or are ‘planted’ here by overlords from outer space is a matter for scholarly debate, Cancer author Tom Robbins decrees in an “Ode to Redheads.” “It’s enough for us to recognize that redheads are abnormal beings, bio-electrically connected to realms of strange power, rage, risk and ecstasy.” In terms of astrology, an inordinate amount of famous redheads fall under the cardinal fire sign of Aries. Ruled by planet Mars and naturally drawn to bloodsport, red is the power color of Aries and famous ginger rams include Reba McEntire, Michael Fassbender, Elton John, Tyler Oakley, Leslie Mann, Cynthia Nixon, Conan O’Brien, Alyson Hannigan, Marcia Cross and Gloria Steinem. “We may never learn their origin or meaning, but it probably doesn’t matter,” Robbins explains of a redhead’s potential influence and power. “We will go on leaping out of our frying pans into their fire. Those blood oranges! Those cherry bombs! May they never cease to stain our white-bread lives with super-natural catsup.” Indeed Tom, indeed. In honor of the powerful draw and supernatural catsup of the redhead, and in observance of National Kiss a Ginger Day on January 12th, we’ve assembled a list of Hollywood’s hottest celebrity redheads, united by hue and divided by zodiac sign. Read on and let red reign! Astrology 101: Your guide to the stars  Aries Jessica Chastain was born March 24 and the redheaded Oscar winner also has Venus planet of attraction and Mercury, planet of communication in the cardinal fire sign. True to her bold and baldly funny sun sign, the actress poked fun at the shared hue of her and “IT” costar Pennywise the clown in this hilarious tweet. Born April 28, the iconic Ann-Margaret is a double Taurus with both her sun and moon falling in the horned and hedonistic sign of the bull. She shares a sun sign with natural redhead and force of fire haired nature, ladies and gentlemen, Adele. Born June 20, Australian actress Nicole Kidman is a ginger snap Gemini. Though she often dyes and straightens her locks, Kidman’s natural hue and texture is red and curly. Red heads have long been associated with sorcery and Kidman proved the point by letting her natural color bewitch viewers in the 1998 cult classic, “Practical Magic.” Cancer Lindsay Lohan was born July 2nd and with her freckles and party girl reputation she fast became the most famous and infamous redhead of the early aughts. Now sober, married and living in Dubai, she may have tamed her antics but her signature locks burn on. Leo Lucille Ball was not born a redhead but she died one, faithfully coloring her hair using henna from the the 1950’s until her death in 1989. Ball celebrated her birthday on August 6 and famously declared, ““Once in his life, every man is entitled to fall madly in love with a gorgeous redhead.” With her firecracker hair and comedic charms, Ball made an entire generation fall redhead over heels for her. In terms of fictional redheads, Winifred Sanderson of “Hocus Pocus” is pure Leo. Virgo regent Prince Harry was born September 15, 1984 and his red hair has been helping him stand out and apart from the royal crowd and members of his family ever since. According to Princess Diana’s biographer, Scorpio scoundrel Prince Charles labeled Harry a ‘spare’ and was allegedly disappointed by both his gender and his ginger status. Rude, the King should know that red beats bald any day, Chuck. Jesse Tyler Ferguson was born October 22, making him a late in the season Libra. The strawberry blonde “Modern Family” star is a proud ginger snap and an advocate for his fiery haired brethren, releasing a PSA demanding smartphone manufacturers add red haired emojis. Born November 6, Scorpio Emma Stone is actually a natural blonde but identifies more with her signature auburn locks. As the actress revealed to “The Advocate,” “I may be a blonde at root, but I’m a redhead at heart.” Born December 3, Julianne Moore is a Sagittarius with a serious stellium in Capricorn. The influence of the latter is on full display in this clip from “The Late Show with Stephen Colbert,” wherein our tough cookie, copper haired queen does her best to dispel the belief that redheads are more sensitive to pain. Capricorn Eddie Redmayne was born January 6 with a full head of fire. The acclaimed actor won an Oscar in 2015 for his portrayal of Stephen Hawking in “The Theory of Everything,” a distinction that is a distant second to Redmayne being named “The UK’s Favorite Redhead” that same year. Born February 17, 1991, Ed Sheeran is an Aquarius with a fire breathing, war and wining Aries moon. The British songbird admits that being teased as a child for possessing the bully baiting trifecta of having red hair, glasses and a stutter was a painful but ultimately formative experience that helped shape him into the artist, and proud carrot top, he is today Young ginger prince Cooper Hoffman, born March 20, is the Pisces progeny of the late, great actor Philip Seymour Hoffman. Making his film debut in Paul Thomas Anderson’s “Licorice Pizza,” Hoffman stole hearts as teenage hustler Gary Valentine. Astrologer Reda Wigle researches and irreverently reports back on planetary configurations and their effect on each zodiac sign. Her horoscopes integrate history, poetry, pop culture and personal experience. She is also an accomplished writer who has profiled a variety of artists and performers, as well as extensively chronicled her experiences while traveling. Among the many intriguing topics she has tackled are cemetery etiquette, her love for dive bars, Cuban Airbnbs, a “girls guide” to strip clubs and the “weirdest” foods available abroad.