Andrew Cuomo, whose game, fame and name never left New York while in office, holidayed in LA. His hundred years in Albany our ex-gov never even knew America had a West Coast. For his — pardon the expression — virgin experience Andrew visited daughter Michaela who’s Out There. They climbed in Big Sur. They dinnered at Nobu. They did family, friends, crabmeat, lobster and shrimp. Santa says Andrew was a good boy. More. Steve Wynn’s holiday ring-a-ding in Florida grabbed Stallone with his wife Jennifer. How much of 2023 they’ll see together, who knows . . . Governor a few governors ago, David Paterson recalled investigating Kuwait with then-Rep. Anthony Weiner — of whom civilization has since heard. Inhaling more beer than those Clydesdale ads, nice Weiner then threw up all over Paterson. Me, I personally thank my friend David for this sweet tender New Year’s memory. Letting anyone who needs a few quid know ratings grabber Greg Gutfeld of Fox TV news is hunting a comedy writer. Greg: FYI — Larry Amoros — West Coast — did Joan Rivers stuff. I know him well. Try him. Attention: That private Greek island in Daniel Craig’s current whodunnit “Glass Onion” is for grabs. Overlooks the Aegean or Ionian or whatever that sea is. Located off the Peloponnese peninsula — 29,000 square feet, 17 bedrooms, 22 bathrooms, wine cellar, spa, roof helipad. The 65-foot glass pavilion looks like layers of an onion. Yours for $450 mil. Listen to Mother, kids, it beats a weekend share in Bridgehampton. Or not, because stupid me discovered it’s all a dumb prank. I am aggravated. I do not like to be aggravated. George Santos. Elected to Congress to serve LI and Queens. An acknowledged admitted disgusting ratty liar who smells like a skunk and operates like a pig. His win, narrow. Best for him is a broad kick in his behind. Dem rival, honorable Robert Zimmerman is a devoted lover of America. Why not dump an admitted liar and anoint someone we know, trust and can believe . . . America. A DA who won’t jail criminals. A prez who lets cons, thieves, dope peddlers into the USA without contention. And we seat a confirmed admitted liar inside our very government? Forget Donald, shove Johnny Depp. Now, into the ring comes GOP leader of the House Kevin McCarthy. Set to be Speaker. But Louisiana conservative Steve Scalise is sharpening a blade to get him. Oy, this country. All for one and one for none. Letting pasta lovers know Manhattan’s great restaurant Il Monello, after 14 years away, is back. It’s now at 337 E. 49th. In charge is Steve Haxhiaj. Once a busboy, he now owns Il Monello and Tuscany Steakhouse. THANK YOU to the many who wrote about my memories of Barbara Walters. I very much appreciated it. Question: What do they call an intelligent man in Washington, DC? “A tourist.”