It left the internet gagging. A British sex-toy company took a shot at Prince Harry Saturday with a new billboard that said “Silence is golden” featuring a ball gag in reference to the Duke of Sussex revealing intimate details in his new memoir “Spare.” “We have been — and still are — ardent supporters of Harry and Meghan’s journey, particularly the way they have voiced such important issues as racism, misogyny and bullying within the UK,” Johanna Rief, Lovehoney’s head of sexual empowerment, told Newsweek. “However, we feel that Harry’s memoir has taken certain things — for example references to his ‘todger’ — a bit too far, falling under the category of ‘Too Much Information,’ so wanted to put out a playful response to this, in our own Lovehoney way.” The Post has also reached out to Lovehoney for comment. It’s not the first time the adult toy company was inspired by the royal family. In 2018, Lovehoney — which operates in the UK, US and Australia — created a line of exclusive products to commemorate the couple’s marriage. “Lovehoney are long-term supporters of Prince Harry and … [have] even launched a commemorative ‘Royal Wedding Penis Ring’ to celebrate the pair’s marriage,” said Rief. “We have also had a close connection to the royal family in the past, having twice been awarded the Queen’s Award — once in 2016 and again in 2021.” The award from the late Queen of England celebrates a business’s achievement in innovation, international trade, development and promoting opportunities. According to Rief, the billboard is meant to bring a “smile” to people’s faces. “We simply wanted to bring a smile to people’s faces. There are so many negative stories around at the moment, we wanted to make a lighthearted, Lovehoney-esque response to the memoir,” explained Rief. “If we made even one person laugh then we’ve succeeded. Think less tongue-in-cheek and more ball-gag-in-mouth.” Prince Harry and his memoir have become the butt of several jokes and memes since its release. ” ‘Dahmer’ became the third-highest viewed show on Netflix, with a combined watch time of 1 billion hours,” said comedian Chelsea Handler at the Critics Choice Awards. “Which, apparently, is the same amount of time we’re going to have to listen to Prince Harry talk about his frostbitten penis. It’s enough already.” In his memoir, the royal wrote about his privates 15 times in total. “Upon arriving home I’d been horrified to discover that my nether regions were frost nipped,” Harry wrote in one instance, before going into great detail about using Elizabeth Arden cream — a formula his mother once swore by — to rid frostbite from his johnson. “My mum used that on her lips. You want me to put that on my todger?” he wrote. “I found the tube and the minute that I opened it, the smell transported me through time. It felt as if my mother was right there in the room, and I took a smidge and applied it down there.”