She really freck’d up her face. A married mom of one scared her baby, shocked her husband and shrieked aloud after accidentally turning her skin green during a failed attempt to embellish her face with henna freckles. And rather than looking like a fairytale beauty, the reptilian results left her resembling Princess Fiona of the “Shrek” franchise fame. “I would never do this again,” groaned Takwa Larsen, 26, from Alanya, Turkey, in the voiceover audio of her now-viral TikTok confessional, which scared up over 1.3 million views. “OMG it is not coming off!” In her cautionary clip, Larsen films herself aggressively scrubbing her cheeks and forehead in an effort to wipe away the sea of small green dots sprinkled across her face. The dye had also leaked into her mouth, causing her teeth to turn yellow. She’d apparently used an over-the-counter henna pen to feign the look of natural, sun-birthed freckles. The makeup trick comes as a less invasive and cheaper alternative to the freckle tattoo procedure, during which a specialist will decorate a face with the semi-permanent spots at a cost ranging between $80 to $350. In Larsen’s video, her at-home henna pen was marked “5.00,” suggesting she didn’t lay out too much green for the tool. But it undeniably decked out her mug with the color. “Why is it green?,” she asked in the clip as her startled husband stared at her skin in horror. He swiftly jumped to Larsen’s rescue and forcibly rubbed off a layer of the green blots on her forehead. “My 1-year-old is so surprised,” she said, showing her son as he confusedly examined her face. Following her hubby’s best efforts to undo the self-inflicted dots, Larsen used an electric face cleansing brush to wash away most of the green marks. Several specks, however, did remain etched onto her cheeks. “I look like Fiona,” she joked, comparing herself to the cartoon lady-ogre. And her followers firmly agreed. “Shrekcore,” one cheeky commenter joked. “I think you bought a shreck potion,” teased another, in part. Others laughed and called her, “She Hulk,” and “The Grinch.” The digital ribbing aside, when concerned viewers chimed in with their advice on how to disappear the blotches — suggesting she use rubbing alcohol and a cotton towel rather than water and napkins —  a relieved Larsen wrote, “It’s is off now, phew.”