Famed NBA marksman Stephen Curry appears more comfortable with 3-point daggers than 3-story developments. Along with his influencer wife Ayesha, Curry has objected to the establishment of multi-family housing on a property next to his sprawling California mansion, according to reports. In an email, the couple told officials in Atherton — one of the nation’s most exclusive enclaves — that the three-story town houses would encroach on their privacy. Routinely vocal on matters of social justice, the Bay Area power couple indicated that joining the well-heeled chorus of objection made them uneasy. “We hesitate to add to the ‘not in our backyard’ (literally)  rhetoric, but we wanted to send a note before today’s meeting,” they wrote on Jan. 18. “Safety and privacy for us and our kids continues to be our top priority and one of the biggest reasons we chose to live in Atherton.” Home to tech moguls, athletes and international business titans, Atherton officials will reluctantly submit a plan to the state this week outlining their efforts to increase housing density. The parcel in question — which abuts the Curry residence — is set to be rezoned in order to accommodate several multi-family units sought by the owner. “With the density being proposed for 23 Oakwood, there are major concerns in terms of both privacy and safety with three-story townhomes looming directly behind us,” their email read. The couple noted that the development would not add to low-income housing to the area, only increase density. If their municipal buzzer beater falls short, the Currys asked the town to erect “considerably taller fencing and landscaping to block sight lines onto our family’s property.” The couple recently sold their prior Atherton home for $31 million and bought their current 17,000 square foot spread for $30 million, according to reports. Other local heavyweights — including billionaire investor Marc Andriessen — have previously lobbied against the introduction of more affordable housing into the area. With a median home price of more than $7 million, Atherton ranked first on Forbes’ priciest zip code list last year.