New York Post readers can get their hands on a $1,000 no-risk bet with BetMGM. Apply the bonus code NPBONUS during the BetMGM sign-up process and place your first sports bet with no risk for today’s college basketball games. BetMGM’s has another new offer that lets customers get up to $200 in betting credits for its sportsbook and online casino with just a $10 initial bet. Ohio sports betting is also live and sports bettors in the Buckeye State can use the bonus code NPBONUS to get a $1,000 first bet insurance on BetMGM. Click the button below for more information. The new customer offer from BetMGM allows new users to make a no-risk first bet up to $1,000. Punch in the bonus code NPBONUS to take advantage of the offer this Saturday. This means that if your bet wins, you keep the winnings like normal, but if it loses you still get your entire initial wager back in the form of betting credits. BetMGM’s offer is one of the best out there, and it’s an excellent way to spice up your sports weekend. College basketball season is starting to heat up and there are great games all around the country on Saturday. The action begins in the mid afternoon with two ranked-vs.-ranked matchups. No. 2 Kansas hosts No. 14 TCU in a Big 12 bout, then the No. 5 UCLA Bruins take on the No. 11 Arizona Wildcats in Tucson. UCLA leads the Pac-12 with an 8-0 conference record, but this will be one of its biggest tests yet. In the SEC, No. 4 Alabama goes on the road to play Missouri, LSU hosts No. 9 Tennessee, No. 16 Auburn plays at South Carolina, and No. 25 Arkansas plays Ole Miss in Fayetteville. The Big 12 has a loaded day as well, as No. 7 Texas heads out to play West Virginia, No. 13 Kansas State hosts Texas Tech, No. 12 Iowa State plays Oklahoma State in Stillwater, and No. 21 Baylor battles Oklahoma on the road. No. 17 gets started at noon with a road trip to Cameron Indoor Stadium to play Duke, then No. 10 Virginia plays Wake Forest on the road, and No. 19 Clemson hosts Virginia Tech. Three ranked Big East teams hit the hardwood with No. 8 Xavier hosting Georgetown, No. 20 Marquette playing Seton Hall in Newark, and No. 22 Providence hosting DePaul. Elsewhere, No. 19 Charleston goes on the road to play Northeastern, No. 24 Florida Atlantic takes on UTEP in El Paso, and No. 6 Gonzaga wraps up the night with a home game against Pacific. New and existing players. Must be 21+. AZ, CO, DC, IA, IL, IN, KS, LA, MD, MI, NJ, TN, VA, PA, WV, WY only. Full T&C apply. One of the easiest ways to get yourself a load of bet credits is through BetMGM’s very generous “refer a friend” scheme. BetMGM allows bettors to refer up to 20 friends, with both getting a $50 bonus. Your friend will need to make their first deposit and place their $50 bonus on any sport at odds of -200 or greater in order for you to claim your bonus. For Ohio: 21+ and present in OH. Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER.