Tom Brady sounds like someone who fully intends on fulfilling his 10-year, $375 million contract with Fox Sports. With uncertainty surrounding the 45-year-old’s NFL future and whether he’ll actually end up in the TV booth after he retires from playing — whenever that might be — the legendary quarterback says he’s “looking forward to” his future in broadcasting. “There’s so much to learn, there’s so much to teach, you know, it’s ever evolving,” Brady told guest Stephen A. Smith Monday on the latest episode of his “Let’s Go!” podcast. “Believe me, as much as you think I’m willing to teach people, I’m really looking to learn. I’m really looking to learn from all the people that I get to talk to. I get an opportunity to be in a job in the future where I get to travel around and learn from all the other people that I’ve looked up to and admired and different organizations and different people. So it’s exciting for me too. I feel like the opportunity to do that is something that I’m really looking forward to whenever that time comes.” Smith told Brady that he’s going to teach people every week when he’s the analyst in Fox’s No. 1 NFL booth, a spot currently occupied by Greg Olsen, who’s set to call Super Bowl 2023 with Kevin Burkhardt. “You’re going to be talking, and when you’re talking, trust me when I tell you, everybody’s going to listen. Make no mistake about it,” Smith told Brady. “And you’re gonna be shocked at the kind of profound impact that you’re gonna have.” Brady then provided a glimpse at what fans can expect whenever he does make the transition to the booth. “I think the interesting thing about me is, in football, I have a very – it’s very black and white. It’s right or wrong. There’s strategies which are right or wrong,” Brady said. “You’re not gonna get them right all the time, but there’s the right approach to take. When I watch it, I see who’s winging it and I see who’s got really detailed plans. “The Eagles, for example: they’re playing to their strengths so well. They’re playing such good football, they’re gonna be really tough to beat. Now the Chiefs, it’s which plays are they making? They’re a spectacular team. When I watch Travis Kelce and Patrick [Mahomes] play together, they have such a unique relationship. You go into these Super Bowls, it’s truly the two best teams this year.” Brady, the seven-time Super Bowl champion, is a free agent again after he finished his third season with the Buccaneers following a 20-year run with the Patriots. It’s unclear where he might play next, if he decides to keep playing, after he had his worst regular-season record ever at 8-9 before Tampa Bay, the NFC South champion, was eliminated by the Cowboys in the wild-card round. He issued a profane response on his podcast last week regarding his future. “If I knew what I was going to f–king do, I’d have already f–king done it,” Brady said. It was a difficult season for Brady, who got divorced from wife Gisele Bündchen in October after 13 years of marriage. He also reportedly lost 15 pounds during the 2022 season, in which he threw for 4,694 yards, 25 touchdowns and nine interceptions.