Michael Henry, the underdog candidate who put up a strong showing in the race for state Attorney General last year, is seeking to become the next chairman of the New York State Republican Party. Democrat incumbent Attorney General Letitia James won re-election to a second term, but Henry captured a better than expected 46 percent of the vote in the heavily blue state. He pushed for a stricter bail law, had the backing of police unions and hammered James for refusing to debate him. The current state GOP chairman, Nick Langworthy, was elected to Congress and Republican officials will vote to replace him in the coming weeks. In a letter to the 62 county Republican leaders on Wednesday, Henry said the GOP made progress in 2022 and must build on that momentum. “We helped secure a majority in Congress. . . we are on the precipice of bringing new voters to our Republican Party for good because we are right on the issues,” Henry said. He vowed to boost voter registration and fundraising efforts. Registered Democrats outnumber Republicans by more than 2 to 1 in New York State. “This past cycle, Republicans swayed unaffiliated voters and disenfranchised Democrats because they are RIGHT on the issues – and it showed in Assembly Districts where more voters chose Republicans over Democrats despite registration numbers,” Henry said. He also vowed to craft statewide absentee ballot, canvassing and early voting programs so the candidates can “bank the votes we need before Election Day.” Henry, 42, is a lawyer who resides in Astoria. Other Republicans seeking to be party chair include Rockland County chairman Lawrence Garvey, former Hudson Valley Assemblyman and congressional candidate Colin Schmitt and upstate Assemblyman Chris Tague, who is chairman of the Schoharie Republican Party. A well-placed GOP insider said Henry will get serious consideration for the post. “Henry acquitted himself well during the campaign. He was a good ticket mate with Lee Zeldin,” the source said. Some orthodox Jewish activists said they oppose Garvey’s candidacy following disputes over housing development in Rockland. 