This bride-to-be was not jumping with joy. A man is being hailed as “Mr. Butterfingers” online after bungling his elaborate marriage proposal to his girlfriend — by “accidentally” dropping the ring while they were bungee jumping in their native Scotland. Footage of the bended-knee debacle, first posted on Instagram Dec. 29, is now going viral online. Marc Watson, 44, and his fiancée Gayle Robertson, 36, were bungee jumping at the Highland Fling Bungee when Watson dropped the ring almost 130 feet to the ground below. “I got down on one knee and all the emotions instantly came out of Gayle,” Watson told Caters News. “She was so surprised, which quickly turned to shock when I dropped the ring 130 feet below us.” Watson later revealed that the engagement sparkler that went flying was actually a ringer. “I was down on one knee pretending to be shocked with her — but really I knew it was a fake ring I’d used and this was purely to prank her because she knows I’m a bit cheeky like that,” Watson said with a mischievous chuckle. However, according to the wannabe funny guy, his potential spouse did not find the trick amusing as she was already petrified about braving the bungee jump. “This was not how I planned it,” Watson admitted. “I wanted her to be really excited and surprised, not shocked and upset, so I quickly grabbed the real ring from the staff to rectify things.” He continued, “Eventually she calmed down, I did the proposal properly and then we did our bungee jump. On the way back down we already had a date in our minds for the wedding.” The groom-to-be also revealed that the staff of the bungee jumping place were also in on the joke. “The staff were all in on it as well and once I’d actually proposed properly everyone was cheering — even the staff below who were with the fake ring,” said Watson. “Neither of us are a big fan of high-thrill activities like this but we really wanted to do something like this together so that’s why we booked to bungee jump.” Watson said that despite only being together for less than a year, he knew that he wanted to marry Robertson. “At the time I’d proposed we’d only been together just less than a year so I think that also added to the shock factor of it all as well — but it just felt right,” he said. According to Robertston, she was not expecting this — or any other — type of proposal. “It was definitely some proposal,” she said. “I was unaware of what was happening and I was looking around up on the platform thinking how I was going to get out of doing the jump.” “I saw one of the staff members pointing a camera at me and thought: ‘What’s he doing,’ ” Robertson continued. “Then I noticed Marc getting down on one knee, I was shocked, especially that he chose to do it there. He’s always very different!” According to Robertson, she baffled when Watson dropped the ring but noticed that the staff was still smiling. “I was a bit confused as to what was happening, the music was quite loud and I’m half deaf in one ear so it was difficult to understand what was happening,” she said. “Then he pulled out the proper ring … I should have known what he was up to as he was acting weird on the way down the road — and after all this we jumped!” “Typical Marc — but I am really looking forward to getting married later on this year in September,” gushed the bride-to-be.