Who could forget that scene in the original “Jurassic Park”? It’s pouring rain, the park’s power has been turned off, and two children sit in a car terrified. Something’s coming. Something big. Big enough to cause an undisturbed cup of water to ripple. And then, that iconic line: “We’re gonna need a bigger boat.” We may be mixing up our Spielberg creature classics here, but if we are, it’s just because we’re so excited to share that the sixth installment in the “Jurassic Park” saga, and 2022’s third-highest grossing movie, “Jurassic World Dominion” is coming to Prime Video today, Jan. 6. The gang is back, or should we say, both gangs are, as this is the first movie in “Jurassic Park” history to unite the original trilogy’s trio (Sam Neill, Laura Dern, and Jeff Goldblum) with the leads of the “Jurassic World” trilogy, Owen Grady and Claire Dearing, played by Chris Pratt and Bryce Dallas Howard, respectively. Ready for a heart-stopping trip back to “Jurassic Park?” We don’t blame you.  Below, we’ve outlined more details about the film, its’ subjects, and how you can watch it now. Starting today, Jan. 6, “Jurassic World Dominion” is free to stream with a Prime Video account. If you don’t already have a subscription, it seems like every week, there are more reasons to get one (or try out a 30-day free trial). In addition to “Jurassic World Dominion” a Prime Video subscription offers an impressive slate of some of the 2022’s biggest movies, including “My Policeman,” and award-winning original series like “The Boys,” “A League of Their Own,” and “Marvelous Ms. Maisel,” and hundreds of movies and binge-able TV shows, to name a few. As of today, Jan. 6, “Jurassic World Dominion’ is available to stream on Amazon Prime Video. Get a Prime Video subscription (if you don’t have one already), and ring in 2023 hanging out with a Tyrannosaurus Rex. Who else can say that? Just when you thought it was safe to go back to the dinosaur theme park… Four years after the events of “Jurassic World: Fallen Kingdom,” Owen Grady and Claire Dearing live in a cabin in the snowy woods, raising a bio-engineered clone (Maisie, played by Isabella Sermon) that they rescued in the last installment as their own. Before long, Maisie’s presence, as well as the presence of the velociraptors that Owen, Claire and continue to care for, attracts a little too much attention, and Grady and Dearing’s 14-year-old daughter is abducted. Around the same time, Ellie Sattler (Laura Dern), takes notice of the shadowy Biosyn Genetics corporation, and their massive new dinosaur reserve hidden away in Italy’s Dolomite mountains, and recruits Alan Grant (Sam Neill) to help investigate. We’re spoiler-phobic here at The Post, so that’s as much as we can tell you. Curious to know what happens next? There’s only one place to find out. Check out “Jurassic World Dominion” today on Amazon Prime Video. For more content, check out the New York Post Shopping section.