The sporting calendar is about to heat up. The Super Bowl is on the horizon, March Madness is six weeks out, and if you listen closely, you can hear the faint sound of a piano playing “The Masters” theme song. And even though there are still two months between us and a trip to Augusta National, the conversation about who is going to win the Green Jacket has already begun to heat up. Rory McIlroy is the current betting favorite at FanDuel to win the Masters at +750, but he’s got plenty of company at the top of the board with Jon Rahm, Scottie Scheffler, Cam Smith, and Justin Thomas all sitting between 10/1 and 15/1. Those numbers are unlikely to budge much between now and April, but there are a few players you may want to consider betting on now, as we could see their numbers slash as we draw nearer to the Masters like we saw happen for Max Homa after his win at Torrey Pines: Course history matters at the Masters perhaps more than anywhere else on tour, and Im has shown he can handle what Augusta National throws at him. The South Korean has played for the Green Jacket three times and finished inside the top 10 twice, including a T2 finish in 2020. Im went off at a more significant number than this last year, but he’s had some success at Florida courses in his career, so a couple of good showings during the Sunshine State swing could see him vault into the 25/1 range. It’s going to be very interesting to see where Reed’s number goes from here. Golf’s biggest villain made headlines for a middle-school level feud with McIlroy at the Dubai World Classic, but he also played pretty well at the event and is a past winner at Augusta. Bettors rarely flock to Reed because he wears the black hat, but if he does find his form on the LIV Tour or at other worldwide events, this number could crash. A six-time winner on the European Tour, Fleetwood is still waiting for his maiden trophy here in the United States. That said, the native of Merseyside, England, has come pretty darn close at a number of tournaments and seems to peak at Majors. Fleetwood has finished second at the U.S. Open and Open Championship, fifth at the PGA Championship, and has three top-20 finishes in six trips to Augusta. MacIntyre was a trendy long-shot pick at the 2022 Masters and will likely be one again in 2023 for a couple of reasons. For one thing, he’s a lefty. But more important than that is that the Scotsman has already shown that he can contend at Augusta. MacIntyre has made the trip up Magnolia Lane twice in his career and has finished T12 and T23, respectively. Suppose MacIntyre gets a win or strings some impressive results together leading up to April. In that case, he’ll probably dip into the double digits as the betting community is well aware of his exploits in his two trips to Augusta National.