Her witch don’t lie. Shakira conjured up drama on Saturday after allegedly putting up a witch-like mannequin on a balcony at her Barcelona, Spain, home, which happens to face her ex-mother-in-law’s house. The rumor comes just days after the singer released a new song that fans say is meant to mock her former spouse, according to Spanish media. The Colombian entertainer — currently under investigation for tax fraud in Spain — and her soccer player beau Gerard Piqué split in June of 2022 following claims that he was cheating on his pop star partner. The cursed allegations come from Piqué’s mother, Montserrat Bernabeu, who told reporters in Barcelona of a doll dressed in black with wild gray hair, a pointy hat and mounted on a broomstick, which she could see propped upon Shakira’s terrace. The Spanish television show “Más Vale Tarde” reported that Bernabeu had asked members of Shakira’s staff to turn the statue, so that it doesn’t face her house — but the 45-year-old performer has kept it firmly in place. One reporter said that the ex-mother-in-law was worried the singer was doing something else with the doll. “Weeks ago, I got some information that Pique’s mother was worried about an alleged ritual that was done to her with a black witch,” tweeted Barcelona reporter Marc Leirado Millán (according to Twitter’s own translation). Millán said he ignored the claims — until “a fan of Shakira” reported to him the same story. “So I went to check if this information was true or not, and sure enough, there was a life-size black witch with a white beard,” he continued. The creepy decor is not the only thing Shakira’s neighbors have to deal with. According to one of them, the artist has been blasting her latest single — the one slamming her ex, his new lover and, yes, even her former mother-in-law. “You left my mother-in-law as my neighbor, with the press at the door and the debt in the Treasury,” sings Shakira. The Post reached out to the “Hips Don’t Lie” singer for comment. Meanwhile, followers of the story on social media have been stirring the pot since the photos were first posted. “Shakira setting up a witch mannequin on her balcony, to face her ex-mother-in-law’s house while blasting her Gerard Pique diss track at full volume is the petty standard we should all aspire to in 2023,” tweeted one user. “You’re really a wolf! You’re a legend! The witch idea is really cool,” laughed another.