Preparing a lavish charcuterie board for girls-night noshing and dishing about the hottest heartthrobs on “Gilmore Girls” are just a few of Hunter Leppard’s favorite things — mainly because they’re some of wife Maya Leppard’s most treasured pastimes. In fact, Hunter, 24, a law student who was captain of his high school football team, is a husband who considers himself “one of the girls” — a term that describes heterosexual men who readily dote on their wives and take on their interests out of love and adoration. And he was happy to hang up his helmet in exchange for a hot pink chef’s hat to bake cookies in if it meant putting a smile on his bride’s face. “As a man, taking an interest in my wife’s life and the things she’s interested in is important to the health of our relationship,” Hunter, who lives with his wife in Orange County, California, told The Post. He and Maya, 25, began dating as high school sophomores in their hometown just outside of Los Angeles, at age 15. The towheaded twosome tied the knot in July 2021. And as an altruistic spouse, unencumbered by traditional gender mores, Hunter does everything for Maya, including making her chocolate chip pancakes for breakfast while she sleeps in, applying her makeup, doing her hair while she eats, joining her in glittery arts-and-crafts projects and walking her through a multistep nighttime skin care routine. “I don’t mind being considered ‘one of the girls’ in my marriage,” he said. “I’m secure enough in my masculinity to be able to have fun, let loose and enjoy things with my wife and her friends.” And Hunter isn’t alone when it comes to fulfilling his queen’s every desire. On TikTok, where the hashtag #HesOneOfTheGirls is trending with nearly 1 million views, Brooklyn Beckham, 23, is being hailed the king of the selfless husbands for his exemplary treatment of wife Nicola Peltz, 28. One trending post includes candid photos of Beckham donning a white-and-pink apron reading “At your service, girls” as he prepares snacks for his wife and her gal pals. Shots of him helping Peltz apply fake nails, as well as pics of him snapping Instagram-worthy frames of her and “Only Murders in the Building”-starring bestie Selena Gomez have also made big impressions on social media. Most notably, after getting hitched in April 2022, the son of British icons Victoria and David Beckham took his wife’s last name. While she goes by Nicola Peltz Beckham, he’s Brooklyn Peltz Beckham. “Not many guys take their wives’ names. So I was just like, ‘Why not?’ It fit really cool together,” he told E! of his new surname in August. And social media’s loved him for all of it. “Brooklyn Peltz Beckham is such a ‘one of the girls’ type of husband,” gushed gossip vlogger @AmandaChristine_1 in a clip about the buzzy hubby genre. “He’s always there for girl’s night as an active participant.” Other women are taking to social media to showcase their guys who proudly live up to the title. Mom of three Vanessa Cossio employed the hashtag #CoupleGoals on a clip in which she dubs husband Ryan “one of the girls” as they laugh about their shared penchant for swapping gossip. Christina Baxter went viral on a post featuring her man, front and center, making a silly dance video with her and three girlfriends during a girls night gathering. And a woman named Nicki praised her “gem” of a groom for crafting a wine and cheese snack board, cleaning up the house and making up the beds for a girlfriends sleepover event. Hunter’s no stranger to tackling all of the above. In November, for Maya’s 25th birthday, he hosted a surprise soiree complete with pink streamers, balloons and rose petals, and invited all of her bridesmaids from their 2021 nuptials to their house for a pajama party. During the fab fête, he donned all-pink attire — including a salmon-colored bow tie with his tuxedo to serve up cocktails, a rosy toque for “make your own pizza” fun and blush pj’s for girl talk and selfies before bed. Maya loved every minute of it. “That party was beyond my wildest dreams,” she told The Post. “My friends loved it too.” “But honestly, they’re used to Hunter doing big and little things like this for me because he’s always treated me this way, every day,” she added. However, while the ladies love his attentive affection, digital haters often berate Hunter, calling him “soft,” “whipped” and “gay” — a term he’s not offended by, but feels inaccurately represents his sexual orientation — for his many grand gestures. But he’s not letting the cloudburst of shade rain on his and Maya’s parade. “I get a lot of negative feedback from men, and it saddens me,” he said. “But doing things that make my wife happy makes me happy.”