Everyone’s favorite Al-Pacino-starring, nazi-hunting streaming smash is back for season two, and this time: it’s personal. We kid, of course. It was always personal for the titular “Hunters,” a group of Jewish vigilantes in the mid-70’s dead set on hunting down all remaining nazis in the U.S., and preventing the rumored Fourth Reich from taking power. It’s been almost three years since the first season of “Hunters” dropped on Prime Video, but the long wait is over. The second and final season of “Hunters” drops in full today on Prime Video, just in time for a weekend binge. When we last saw our hero, Jonah Heidelbaum (played by Logan Lerman), he was fresh off of the discovery of an earth-shattering secret. We’re spoiler-phobic here at the New York Post, but suffice to say, “Hunters'” first season finale turned the series on its head, throwing our cast of characters into disarray, and scattering them across the globe (including to Argentina, where a certain Nazi party big-wig whose name rhymes with Bitler appears to be alive and well). Hooked yet? We don’t blame you. Below, we’ve outlined more details about “Hunters”, where season two is heading, and how you can watch it now. As of today, Jan. 13, the entirety of “Hunters” Season Two is free to stream with a Prime Video account. If you don’t already have a subscription, it seems like every week, there are more reasons to get one (or try out a 30-day free trial). In addition to “Hunters” a Prime Video subscription offers an impressive slate of some of the 2022’s biggest movies, including “Jurassic World Dominion” and “My Policeman,” and award-winning original series like “The Boys,” “A League of Their Own,” and “Marvelous Ms. Maisel,” and hundreds of movies and binge-able TV shows, to name a few. If you’re reading this…now! Starting Jan. 13, both seasons of “Hunters” are streaming in full exclusively on Amazon Prime Video. Get a Prime Video subscription (if you don’t have one already), and ring in 2023 with some good-old fashioned Nazi-hunting. Season One of “Hunters” introduced us to Al Pacino as Meyer Offerman, the Hunter’s elder statesman and father figure to a young Jonah Heidelbaum (Logan Lerman), who joins the Nazi-hunting movement after the brutal murder of his grandmother (and Meyer’s good friend), Ruth. Over the course of the series, the motley crew of Hunters grew larger, as did their suspicions of former Nazi leadership conspiring to bring about the Fourth Reich on U.S. soil, with help from Eva Braun and Hitler himself, still alive, and incognito in Argentina. As we mentioned in our intro, the first season of “Hunters” ended with a bang (quite literally), and leaves Heidelbaum and the rest of his team in a bind. They don’t know who they can trust. Curious to know what happens next? There’s only one place to find out. Check out “Hunters” season 2 today on Amazon Prime Video. For more content, check out the New York Post Shopping section.