It happens all the time — at least in Garry Marshall flicks. Some directors are known for working with the same actors time and time again, but Marshall seems to have taken the practice to a new level. Eagle-eyed rom-com enthusiasts recently discovered a cheeky similarity between a few of Marshall’s movies. The filmmaker, who died in 2016 at the age of 81, directed “Pretty Woman” and “The Princess Diaries” movies — and fans of all three have spotted a recurring character who delivers the same simple line. Film fanatic Allen Tsai let his followers in on the secret in a viral clip that’s attracted 1 million likes on Instagram since it was posted late last month. Actor Marvin Braverman plays the role of waiter to both Vivian Ward and Princess Mia, while also later appearing as Princess Mia’s palace staff in “The Princess Diaries 2: Royal Engagement.” In all three projects, he has the same one-liner: “It happens all the time.” In the 1990 rom-com “Pretty Woman,” which stars Julia Roberts, Braverman consoles her after she sends escargot flying through the air. The unsuspecting waiter catches the “slippery little suckers,” as Vivian calls the French delicacy. “Happens all the time,” he assures the flustered former escort. Then, in 2001, he appears in “The Princess Diaries” alongside Anne Hathaway, who plays an awkward teen, Mia Thermopolis, suddenly thrust into a life of luxury. At her first extravagant dinner party, she attempts to make a toast, but garners a different kind of attention when she shatters the glass with her utensil. Once again, Braverman comes to the rescue as a member of the waitstaff, telling an embarrassed Mia that “it happens all the time.” In the film’s sequel, which premiered in 2004, Hathaway’s character sends her ring flying — only for Braverman to catch it. “It happens all the time,” he says, yet again. Braverman wasn’t the only actor to be cast in multiple Marshall movies. Hector Elizondo starred in more than a dozen of the filmmaker’s flicks, including “Pretty Woman,” in which he played a hotel manager, and “The Princess Diaries,” where he starred as Mia’s bodyguard. Fans of the films who never noticed the striking similarities took to the Instagram comments section of Tsai’s post to express their surprise and applause. “When it works it works,” one user declared. “Where is his best actor nomination?” another demanded. “The multiverse of good manners,” someone else quipped. “He was right then, it happens all the time,” one user joked. “At least he has solid work,” someone commended. “This is one of the traits that made him an awesome director,” another user championed the late filmmaker. Marshall, who left a striking imprint on the comedy genre, was also known for his sitcom brainchild “Happy Days,” which grew to incredible popularity during its tenure on network television. When the directorial giant died, A-listers and colleagues shared condolences and bittersweet statements in remembrance. “Everyone loved Garry,” said Richard Gere, who starred alongside Roberts in “Pretty Woman.” “He was a mentor and a cheerleader and one of the funniest men who ever lived. He had a heart of the purest gold and a soul full of mischief. He was Garry.”