Hugh Jackman and his wife, the actress Deborra-Lee Furness, have put their Hamptons summer getaway up for rent during the winter months, The Post has learned. The two purchased this East Hampton estate for $3.5 million in 2015. It’s now on the market for $166,666 per month. Following the purchase, the two proceeded to undergo a six-year transformation building what they once referred to as a property they had longed for. “This was my lifelong dream,” Furness told Architectural Digest in a 2021 interview. “It’s like, bucket list, tick it off. I’ve done it, and I loved it.” Furness, 67, and Jackman, 54, had spent years trying to find the perfect space to build their ideal house. “My kids were like, ‘Mom, make a decision already.’ We went to see it, and I said, ‘Let’s do it,’ ” she added. Made up of five bedrooms and 5½ bathrooms in total, the modern waterfront compound occupies 5,000 square feet. Amenities include a gym, a theater, a pool, a Jacuzzi — and the property comprises two separate structures, the listing notes. Situated on a bluff, the property also boasts views overlooking water. This rental listing comes at an otherwise active time in the couple’s property portfolio. In August, news broke that Jackman spent a cool $22.1 million for a glam New York City penthouse — a couple months after listing a nearby triplex for $38.9 million, which remains for sale. Architect Stelle Lomont Rouhani collaborated with Jackman and Furness to create “the utmost zen tranquility” overlooking Gardiner’s Bay, the listing describes. The primary house features a gourmet kitchen with Gaggenau appliances and an informal dining room with a hand-carved walnut dining table. With floor-to-ceiling glass doors, the main home also holds three ensuite bedrooms. Situated on 2.5 acres, the renovated guest house has two bedrooms, and features an open living space with a kitchen bar and a loft bed. A pivotal artwork in the home includes a kaleidoscopic James Turrell piece, who most celebrities have a fondness for. Listing photos even show the couples two dogs, a French bulldog named Dali and a poodle-terrier mix named Allegra. “You can watch sports on the mezzanine — that has its own moment,” Furness previously said. “And with the way I’ve set up the living room lounges, you’ve got your sit-by-the-fire moment, you’ve got your look-out-to-the-sea, pondering-your-own-navel moment. And Hugh and I are complete backgammonophiles, so the backgammon set lives there.” “Deb is extraordinary. I was at almost every meeting over five years,” Jackman added to the publication. “I felt I would know what it would feel like to walk in for the first time. I was wrong. The home so far exceeded my expectations. I didn’t realize what Deb created was not only beautiful but warm. Even now, when I walk in the door, it gives me a feeling of calm.” Susan Breitenbach with the Corcoran Group holds the listing.