Wednesday Addams’ signature gothic style is back — and being worn by a tiny fashionista. While many parents choose pretty pastels or onesies with cute motifs for their babies, ex-pro wrestler Rebecca Hardy has TikTok users divided over her unusual outfits, dressing her daughter Eevee up as a goth. Hardy regularly posts clips showing the “day in the life of a gothic baby” to her 1.2 million followers — although not all appreciate the dark aesthetic. The mom of four recently responded to the popular United Kingdom talk show “Loose Women” after the hosts slammed her viral gothic baby videos as “toxic.” Hardy, who is married to wrestling superstar Matt Hardy, showed the clip at the beginning of one TikTok with 17.2 million views, which featured one of the hosts saying: “I don’t like it, it’s a baby,” before cutting to little Eevee in her gothic getup sitting on a throne. “I wake up to find a television talk show in the UK has been speaking ill of gothic baby,” the voiceover begins. “To this I say, move over Camilla, there’s a new Queen now — it’s me.” Saying the talk show had left her “shaken,” the baby had to turn to her Zen garden — in the shape of a coffin, of course — to calm her down, which made her feel “much better.” In another recent clip, the mother showed her daughter “entering the new year” the same way she saw the last year out: “Begrudgingly’.” She then shows little Eevee choosing her outfit of the day — black, of course — despite the fact she “resolved to stop wearing black” in 2023. “But no one likes a quitter,” the writing on the video quipped, before showing the baby settling on a black and brown tulle gown. She then gets busy doing her daily tasks: writing in her journal with “people I want to punch in the face” written on the front, which includes: “1 – Father. 2 – Loose women.” The video finishes with baby Eevee “saying goodnight to the monster under the bed” (her father) and “falling asleep to Depeche Mode.” Despite many users gushing over the adorable tot featured in the tongue-in-cheek videos, there were some slamming the mom for dressing Eevee up as a goth. “Our kid better not be gothic,” one woman commented on a clip, tagging another account, adding: “I don’t want people thinking my parenting is terrible.” “That’s so scary why would you do that to your baby,” questioned another. However, the majority of the comments gushed over Eevee’s royal outfits and praised the mom for her quirky videos. “Queen gothic baby is living the dream,” one woman commented, while others praised the mom for her unique parenting aesthetic and said she looks like “Wednesday Addams’ baby.” “Best momma ever,” gushed another, while another user wanted to know if it’s “too late to be adopted.”