Judging by the odds, it’s anybody’s guess who will win the 2023 Women’s Australian Open. World No. 5 Aryna Sabalenka is a slight -130 favorite over World No. 25 and defending Wimbledon winner Elena Rybakina in the finals, which will begin at 3:30 a.m. ET Saturday. This match has been a long time coming for Sabalenka. Although she is just 24 years old, the native of Minsk, Belarus has been a mainstay in the top 10 for a number of years now but never had her breakthrough moment at a Grand Slam. Despite being one of the best power players in the women’s game, Sabalenka struggled in the big moments at previous slams, going 0-3 in major semifinals before defeating Magda Linette on Wednesday night. Sabalenka’s win over Linette should quiet plenty of skeptics who wondered if she was ever going to realize her otherworldly potential. But getting past Rybakina won’t be a straightforward task for Sabalenka. Like the Belarussian, Rybakina relies on her powerful serve to dictate the tempo of a match. That was on display in Rybakina’s straight-set victory over World No. 1 Iga Swiatek in the Round of 16. Although Swiatek broke Rybakina twice, 32 percent of her first serves went unreturned, which kept Swiatek from getting any sort of footing in the game. Similarly, Rybakina used her first serve to get past Victoria Azarenka, 7-6, 6-3, in the semifinal. An impressive 36 percent of Rybakina’s first serves were not put back in play by Azarenka. All said, Rybakina has faced a total of 25 break points in six matches Down Under. Sabalenka’s serve is also a weapon, but she has dealt with consistency issues throughout her career. Those problems haven’t shown up in this tournament, however, as Sabalenka has been broken just six times in six matches and she’s yet to drop a set this season. That’s right, not only has Sabalenka not lost a set in the Australian Open, but she won a title in Adelaide without losing a set, too. Beyond that, most of her sets have been relatively stress free. Sabalenka has only been involved in one tie-breaker in Melbourne and has lost four games in only three of her 12 sets at the Open. Both Sabalenka and Rybakina are in scintillating form ahead of the final, and while Rybakina can use the experience of winning a Grand Slam event at Wimbledon seven months ago to her advantage, it doesn’t seem as if nerves will be an issue for Sabalenka this time around. In years past, you had to worry about her being able to keep her cool in pressure moments and controlling her adrenaline, but we haven’t seen any indication of that during this fortnight. Sabalenka has one of the biggest games in the women’s game, but her inability to cope in pressure moments always held her back. Those days, at least for now, seem to be in the rearview mirror, and the Belarussian is a deserving favorite in this showdown. It wouldn’t be a surprise to see money come in on Sabalenka as we approach match time, so if you’re going to back her, you may as well do it as soon as possible. Sabalenka -140 (BetMGM)