The King of Queens is branching out from his borough this year. Comedian and bona fide movie star Kevin James has 34 shows remaining on his ongoing “Irregardless” stand-up tour and may be coming to a city near you soon. Over the next few months, he’s set to perform at Huntington’s The Paramount on Jan. 21, Stony Brook’s Staller Center on Jan. 28, then, he’s back at Huntington’s The Paramount on March 19. After that, he’ll drop in Staten Island’s St. George Theatre on April 15, Chester’s Sugar Loaf Performing Center on May 21 and has a pair of shows at Red Bank’s Hackensack Meridian Health Theatre at 5 p.m. and 8 p.m.  Did we mention that tickets for some shows start as low as $52 before fees on Vivid Seats too? That’s a deal so good, it almost made us smile as much as James’ jokes do. So, if you want to see the “Hitch,” “Paul Blart,” “I Now Pronounce You Chuck and Larry,” “Home Team” and “Grown Ups” star live in 2023, here’s everything you need to know about the “Irregardless Tour.”  James’ comedy will take him all over North America up until his final scheduled show at Boston’s Wilbur Theatre on June 11. Before he gets to Beantown, he has huge shows in Knoxville (Feb. 3), Tampa (Feb. 8), Detroit (March 5), Boise (March 22) and Seattle (March 24). A complete calendar including all dates, show start times, venues and links to buy tickets can be found here.  Looking to brush up on James’ body of work before seeing him live? He’s only released two specials — and the most recent one came out five years ago — but both are available to stream online. Here’s how you can see them. “Sweat the Small Stuff” (2001) can be streamed on Netflix“Never Don’t Give Up” (2018) can be streamed on Netflix  Many of James’ contemporaries will also be strutting their stuff at venues all over the U.S. this year. Here are just five of our favorite professional funny people who may be coming to a venue near you soon. • Jerry Seinfeld • Adam Sandler • Kevin Hart • Sarah Silverman • Steve Martin and Martin Short Wish there were even more comedians you could see live this year? Well, good news — there are. Here’s a mega list of 51 comedians going on tour in 2023.