The Mets have their fourth outfielder and occasional DH — and now their fantasy football league could get a lot more interesting. The team was finalizing a deal with free agent outfielder Tommy Pham for one-year and $6 million on Wednesday, The Post’s Jon Heyman reported. And their search for left-handed bullpen help is ongoing — with Andrew Chafin and former Yankee Zack Britton, who played for Buck Showalter in Baltimore, among the possibilities. The 34-year-old Pham was one of few outfielders remaining on the free-agent market, after Adam Duvall agreed to a one-year, $7 million deal with the Red Sox on Wednesday. Andrew McCutchen, another consideration, previously headed back to Pittsburgh. Jurickson Profar also remains available, but may be seeking a larger role. Pham is coming off a subpar year split between the Reds and Red Sox and finished with a .686 OPS, his worst in a full season. He was better with the Padres in 2021. He made headlines last season when he walked up to Joc Pederson of the San Francisco Giants before a game and slapped the outfielder for what Pham called a feud over a fantasy football league the two were a part of. At the time of the incident, Pham was with the Reds and was pulled from the lineup that day. Afterward, Pham expressed no regret. “Regarding the Joc situation, I don’t feel sorry for what I did,” Pham said last year. “There’s a certain level of respect that was crossed. Joc was disrespectful and I don’t condone, you know, the way he was talking to me in the group chat through the text. I don’t condone that.” Pederson told reporters at the time it stemmed from Pederson being accused of cheating in the league. Pham said he dropped out of the league and also pointed a finger at the league’s commissioner, Mike Trout. As for Pham’s role in Queens, he’ll likely be in a reserve outfielder role — with Starling Marte, Mark Canha and Brandon Nimmo already in place as starters. Darin Ruf is also on the bench as a potential right-handed DH, but he slumped badly after coming from the Giants in a trade last season and Pham could be used there, as well. The Mets also signed Tomas Nido to a two-year, $3.7 million deal, buying out the catcher’s final two seasons of arbitration. The 28-year-old caught 98 games last season and is expected to split time with recently signed Omar Narvaez. Top prospect Francisco Alvarez, 21, could also see time behind the plate this season after he made his MLB debut last year.