Jeremy Renner was attempting to stop a snowplow from sliding and hitting his nephew when the accident that left him in critical condition occurred, according to a Nevada sheriff’s office incident report. The redacted Washoe County Sheriff’s Office report obtained by CNN said that the emergency break was not engaged, which would have stopped the snow-removal tractor as it started to slide sideways. “The Pistenbully snow groomer began sliding causing Renner to exit the vehicle without setting the emergency brake,” the report read. “Although the Pistenbully had some mechanical issues, it is believed based on our mechanical inspection that the parking brake would keep the Pistenbully from moving forward. When Renner attempted to stop or divert the Pistenbully to avoid injury to (his nephew), he was pulled under the vehicle by the track and run over.” It was also noted in the report that the break indicator light was not working and “mechanical issues may have been a factor,” but impairment is not believed to be a factor. Renner’s nephew was able to tend to him until help arrived to the scene. The 52-year-old actor was airlifted to a hospital near Reno after a neighbor who happened to be a doctor applied a tourniquet to his leg to stop the bleeding. Renner was transferred to the intensive care unit following surgeries he was required to undergo following the incident. A terrifying 911 call captured the moments after the accident, as Renner can be heard in the background moaning in pain. The neighbor who phoned emergency operators said the Marvel star’s breathing was “shallow” and suggested a medical helicopter be dispatched to the scene. Last week, the two-time Oscar nominee announced that he was home from the hospital and recovering. The Marvel actor had been hospitalized since Jan. 1 after “experiencing a weather-related accident while plowing snow” and suffering “extensive” injuries in Lake Tahoe. Renner revealed Saturday that he broke over 30 bones in his New Year’s Day snowplow accident. “Morning workouts, resolutions all changed this particular new years,” the “Mayor of Kingstown” star wrote in an Instagram post. “Spawned from tragedy for my entire family, and quickly focused into uniting actionable love.” The caption accompanied a photo of the actor, 52, laying in a hospital-like bed in his home while a medical specialist stretched his leg. “I want to thank EVERYONE for their messages and thoughtfulness for my family and I,” he continued in the post, which quickly pulled a million likes. “Much love and appreciation to you all. These 30 plus broken bones will mend, grow stronger, just like the love and bond with family and friends deepens.” “Love and blessings to you all,” he concluded, along with a series of heart and praying hands emojis.