The fans have spoken — and they want more Madonna. After announcing her sprawling, international “Celebration Tour,” she added six additional concert dates due to overwhelming demand. And for New York fans, you might as well be a “Lucky Star.” That’s because The Material Girl has added a third and fourth New York City show at Madison Square Garden on Saturday, Aug. 26 and Sunday, Aug. 27. Originally, she was only set to perform at the venue on Wednesday, Aug. 23 and Thursday, Aug. 24. Although inventory isn’t available on Ticketmaster until Friday, Jan. 27, fans who want to ensure they have tickets to the “Celebration Tour” ahead of time can purchase ahead of time before seats are officially on sale. Vivid Seats is a secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand. They have a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and will be delivered before the event.  We did our homework and found out how much the cheapest tickets for upper level and floor seats cost for each of Madonna’s Madison Square Garden concerts. *The prices in bold are the lowest prices available. Not seeing Madonna in NYC? You can find her complete tour calendar including all dates, venues, show start times and links to buy tickets here. (Note: The New York Post confirmed all above prices at the publication time. All prices are subject to fluctuation and include additional fees at checkout.) Vivid Seats is a verified secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand. They offer a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and your tickets will be delivered prior to the event.  While Madonna has suggested she’ll play four decades of hits from the ’80s, ’90s, ’00s and ’10s on the “Celebration Tour,” we’re not quite sure which will make the final cut when she takes off on the 44-concert run. Although the best way to find out what she’ll play is live in person, we dug into the Material Girl’s archives and found every song she’s ever played on tour — all the way from “Holiday,” which she’s performed 435 times (!) down to the one time she covered Elton John’s “Your Song.” Without further ado, here are her ten most-played songs over the course of her career. 01.) “Holiday” (from her 1983 album “Madonna”) 02.) “La Isla Bonita” (from her 1986 album “True Blue”) 03,) “Like A Virgin” (from her 1984 album “Like A Virgin”) 04.) “Vogue” (from her 1990 album “I’m Breathless”) 05.) “Like A Prayer” (from her 1989 album “Like A Prayer”) 06.) “Music” (from her 2000 album “Music”) 07.) “Express Yourself” (from her 1989 album “Like A Prayer”) 08.) “Human Nature” (from her 1994 album “Bedtime Stories”) 09.) “Papa Don’t Preach” (from her 1986 album “True Blue”) 10.) “Into The Groove” (from the 1987 compilation “You Can Dance”) Want to go deeper? You can see a complete list of every song Madonna has ever played at every one of her concerts dating all the way back to 1982 here.  On the “Celebration Tour” run, Madonna has tapped famed drag queen, comedian, actor, activist, musician, and reality TV personality Bob The Drag Queen to serve as her opening act. Not familiar with Bob? Well, you may want to start with her rise to prominence on the eighth season of “RuPaul’s Drag Race” in 2016 where she was crowned the winner. In the years since, you may have seen Bob in “High Maintenance” (2016), “Tales of the City” (2019),  “A Black Lady Sketch Show” (2019) and the 2020 series “We’re Here,” which she co-hosted. Of course, Bob sings too. Her single “Purse First” charted at number 43 on the U.S. Dance charts. A NSFW, five-minute clip where Bob is challenged by no holds barred comic and talk show host Ziwe can be seen below.  Rather than quietly tell the world about her upcoming nationwide trek, Madonna pulled out all the stops and enlisted the talents of her favorite people to appear in a truly wild “Truth or Dare” video to shout from the rooftops that she may be heading to a city near you. In the funny, also NSFW Black and White/grainy VHS short film, she pals around with professional funny people Amy Schumer, Jack Black, Judd Apatow, Meg Stalter, Eric Andre, Kate Berlant, Larry Owens and Bob the Drag Queen, as well as musicians Diplo and Lil Wayne. For our money, Schumer steals the show — multiple times. Want to judge for yourself? You can watch the clip below. Also, never forget Madonna’s first attempt at stand up comedy (yes, it’s also NSFW) on “The Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon” in 2015.  While Madonna may be the face of the ’80s, many other icons from the decade of excess will be running victory laps in 2023 when they take their hits on the road. Here are just five of our favorites you won’t want to miss. • Janet Jackson • REO Speedwagon • The B-52s • Billy Idol • Motley Crue with Def Leppard Need more music? If that’s the case, check out our list of the 52 biggest concert tours in 2023 here.