Despite the existence of so many competitors, the iPad remains to be the bestselling tablet in the world. Apple’s very own mini-computer has maintained its mass appeal ever since it was introduced to the world, and it doesn’t look like the hype will die down anytime soon. The only downside of buying an iPad is, well, its hefty price tag. It’s not getting any cheaper, and as Apple continues to introduce new features, it will only get more expensive each year. The good news is buying brand-new is not your only option. You can cop a perfectly functional affordable iPad if you give refurbished units a try. For a limited time, a refurb 2019 iPad is on sale for almost 40% off! The one thing you need to know about refurbished goods is that they’re made to look and work like new. You’re not getting cheated out on a good experience just because you didn’t pay full price. With this particular unit, you’ll be getting a refurbished 6th-gen iPad that features a full-sized 9.-7-inch LED-backlit Retina display, allowing you to browse the web, stream videos, read files, and play games on a sharper, more vibrant screen. It packs a dual-core Apple A10 processor and 2GB of RAM, meaning you can boot apps simultaneously without experiencing any pesky lags. With 32GB of flash memory storage, you have lots of space to store all your essential files and media. It also comes with dual cameras: an 8MP iSight camera for shooting stills, live photos, and footage, and a 1.2MP FaceTime HD camera for taking selfies and going on video chats. What’s more, this iPad is powered by a 32.4Whr Lithium Polymer rechargeable battery, which lasts up to 10 hours on a single charge. By getting this refurbished iPad, you’ll be receiving all these quality Apple features for only a fraction of what you’d pay buying new. You even get an accessory bundle with this deal, which includes tempered glass, a snap-on case, a Lightning cable, and an AC wall adapter. Formerly $399, you can grab the refurbished 6th-Gen Apple iPad and Accessories Bundle on sale for $249.99. Prices subject to change.