The competitive nature of Igor Shesterkin has seemingly influenced the Rangers’ star goalie to downplay his first All-Star Game bid. Considering the uphill battle the Blueshirts have in front of them for the rest of the season, it’s understandable for Shesterkin to want to focus on that instead of the NHL’s public relations event — no matter how fun it may be. The 2022-23 season hasn’t always been smooth sailing for Shesterkin, so his priority is his own game rather than the one he’ll compete in Feb. 4 in Sunrise, Fla. “It’s a great honor to be at the All-Star Game,” Shesterkin told The Post after practice Monday at MSG Training Center. “I appreciate the support from everybody who helped me reach that point, but I just want to keep focused on my game. I want to help my team win games, get points.” Shesterkin has backstopped the Rangers in 18 of their 22 wins this season, over which he’s posted a .916 save percentage and a 2.48 goals-against average. He said he feels that the season has gone fast, noting that opening night doesn’t feel too long ago, but he believes the Rangers can play better than they have. Over his last 13 starts, Shesterkin has played a major role in the Rangers’ ability to turn their season around. The Russian netminder has gone 8-2-3 with a .921 save percentage and a 2.30 GAA to help the Rangers get back into the Metropolitan Division playoff race. “Well-deserved,” head coach Gerard Gallant said recently of Shesterkin’s All-Star selection. “Obviously, he’s playing great for us this season. He’s a big part of our team. Well-deserved honor for him.” There’s an insatiable desire to win that permeates from Shesterkin, who couldn’t help but gloss over his personal accolade in favor of the state of the Rangers as a team. That, among many other traits, is why Shesterkin is the Rangers’ no-brainer All-Star. “We can play better,” Shesterkin said. “We just need to stay together, help each other, support each other — and we can do whatever we want.” The Rangers practiced in the same lines they’ve played with for the past four games. Jonny Brodzinski returned to the team, after his wife gave birth to their second daughter, and skated on the fourth line with Sammy Blais, Barclay Goodrow and Julien Gauthier. The first line rush for the fourth unit featured Brodzinski, Goodrow and Gauthier, which could mean that Blais is the healthy scratch Tuesday night against the Wild. Jaroslav Halak sat out of practice with a stomach bug. As a result, equipment manager Tim Webb suited up and played goal across from Shesterkin during practice.