Lisa Marie Presley’s three daughters will inherit Graceland, The Post has learned. Following the news last week of Presley’s death, many began to wonder what this meant for the future of Graceland — where her King of Rock father, Elvis Presley, lived with his parents. “The trust (which includes Graceland) will go to Lisa Marie’s daughters Riley, Finley and Harper,” a rep for Graceland told The Post. Elvis’s iconic Memphis, Tennessee, mansion was first passed down to his daughter following his death in 1977. It was Presley’s childhood home — and more notably it was where her father died at age 42. Presley officially received the estate on her 25th birthday — effectively becoming the sole owner of Graceland. She was also left with $100 million, which she quickly squandered through a series of ruinous business decisions. Elvis purchased Graceland in 1957 for $100,000. The estate has since opened its doors to paying visitors and even offered tours, as well as overnight stays. The lavish estate is now worth an estimated $500 million. “The tour of Graceland Mansion includes the living room, his parents’ bedroom, the kitchen, TV room, pool room, the famous Jungle Room, his father’s office, the newly-enhanced Trophy Building, the Racquetball Building — newly-restored to how it looked in 1977, and Meditation Garden,” the website says. The younger Presley, who passed away on Jan. 12 after suffering cardiac arrest, is survived by her twin daughters, Harper and Finely Lockwood, 14, and daughter, Riley Keough, 33. She was 54. While the estate’s fate remained up in the air, Presley previously hinted that the home would always be in her family. “It is absolutely 100 percent mine, and it has always been mine, Graceland,” she told Entertainment Tonight in 2013. “It will always be. And when it is no longer mine, it will be my children’s. And that is that.” The Presley family announced that a public memorial will be held at the property on Jan. 22. Reps previously told Page Six that Presley will be laid to rest there with her father and late son, Benjamin, who died by suicide in 2020 at age 27.