WASHINGTON — What a difference three days makes. The Secret Service admitted Thursday that it does, in fact, have information on visitors to President Biden’s Wilmington, Del., residence during the time he kept classified records in the home’s garage. Secret Service spokesman Anthony Guglielmi claimed Monday that “we don’t independently maintain our own visitor logs because it’s a private residence.” But Guglielmi’s tune had changed Thursday, when he said that “the Secret Service does generate law enforcement and criminal justice information records for various individuals who may come into contact with Secret Service protected sites.” Meanwhile, Fox News quoted an unnamed source as promising that “the Secret Service is prepared to provide available background information on vetted guests to Biden’s residence if requested by Congress.” The agency’s initial statement that it had no information to provide to journalists or members of Congress caused an uproar, with Republican lawmakers floating subpoenas for Biden’s family members and staff to plug the gaps in documentation. “There are several avenues to obtain information on who had access to classified documents at the Wilmington residence,” a spokesman for the House Oversight Committee told The Post, “and the Oversight Committee will pursue those avenues.” Rep. Mike Johnson (R-La.), a member of the House Judiciary Committee, which also is looking into the controversy, had said Monday afternoon that if no records existed, “we’ll have to seek it through testimony with family members or those who have been at the residence.” Oversight Committee Chairman James Comer (R-Ky.) and other GOP leaders in Congress had demanded Delaware visitor logs last week as the classified documents scandal grew. The Secret Service claimed in April that “no records were located” showing logs of Biden’s Delaware visitors in response to a Freedom of Information Act request filed by The Post. In late September, the Secret Service denied a FOIA appeal, telling The Post again that “no responsive records” were found after an “additional search of relevant program offices.” On Oct. 10, The Post filed a more broadly worded FOIA request asking the Secret Service for “[e]mails that refer to visitors to President Biden’s residences” during his time in office. The agency has not yet provided a substantive reply, with a Secret Service FOIA staffer telling The Post Tuesday that “your request is currently being processed.” Biden has been at his Wilmington or Rehoboth Beach homes for nearly one-fourth of the days during his two-year presidency. As vice president and in the years that followed, Joe Biden regularly interacted with his son Hunter and brother James’ international business associates — including from China, Kazakhstan, Mexico, Russia and Ukraine — contributing to interest in the Wilmington logs. Hunter Biden listed the Wilmington home as his own address on a 2018 rental background check form. A cache of documents was found Dec. 20 in the Wilmington house’s garage next to President Biden’s prized classic Corvette — weeks after the discovery on Nov. 2 of documents dating to his vice presidency in his former offices at the Penn Biden Center in Washington. Additional classified documents were found as late as last week in other areas of the Wilmington home. The FBI reportedly allowed Biden and his team to conduct its own search of the residences because they were deemed to be cooperative. Special counsel Robert Hur is reviewing whether Biden or anyone in his orbit violated the law by mishandling records. A different special counsel, Jack Smith, is reviewing whether former President Donald Trump mishandled documents taken to his Florida residence when he left office. The FBI raided Trump’s Mar-a-Lago resort on Aug. 8 to retrieve records.