Shakira is said to be “furious” after her ex, Gerard Piqué, involved their 9-year-old son in a recent live stream, according to reports. The 45-year-old singer, who announced her split from the former FC Barcelona defender, 35, last summer, allegedly expressed her displeasure over the move in a letter to Spanish media outlets, which reported her to be “furious,” according to the Daily Mail. Piqué, who has since been linked to Clara Chia Marti, engaged in a live stream tied to his “Kings League” project and apparently told those tuning in how Milan wanted to take part. The Grammy winner “had not given her prior consent, nor was she consulted regarding” Milan’s participation in the broadcast, according to Marca. Further, Shakira — who also shares 7-year-old son Sasha with Piqué – is said to be unhappy as “certain topics were discussed” in Milan’s presence. News of Shakira’s apparent frustration with Piqué comes on the heels of new reports in which the Colombian performer allegedly shaded the retired athlete in her new track, “BZRP Music Sessions #53.” Translated lyrics of the Spanish-language song include the line, “I’m too good for you and that’s why you’re with someone just like you,” per Today.com. Shakira and Piqué had been together for more than a decade before parting ways in June 2022. The mother of two broke her silence on the split three months later, saying in part the ordeal has been “incredibly difficult.” “It’s hard to talk about it, especially because I’m still going through it, and because I’m in the public eye and because our separation is not like a regular separation,” Shakira said in an interview for Elle’s October 2022 digital cover story. “And so it’s been tough not only for me, but also for my kids. Incredibly difficult.” Shakira and Piqué reached a custody agreement over their sons in November 2022, with the former relocating from Barcelona to Miami. “We have signed a custody agreement. Our sole objective is to provide our children with the utmost security and protection and hope that they can continue with their lives in a safe and calm environment,” the two said in a joint statement to TMZ at the time. Reps for Shakira did not immediately return The Post’s request for comment.