After a whopping 47 playoff games throughout Tom Brady’s storied career, this may be his last. On Monday, Jan. 16, Brady’s 8-9 Tampa Bay Buccaneers will take the field against Dak Prescott’s 12-5 Dallas Cowboys in a hotly-anticipated NFC wild-card matchup at Tampa Bay’s Raymond James Stadium. While the two opponents’ records would undoubtedly favor the Cowboys on paper, there is a major X-Factor at play here. Brady has never lost against the Cowboys — he’s 7-0 against America’s team. This season, Brady broke his own record for most completions in a season with 490. Clearly, there’s still some gas left in the tank. And it’s anyone’s guess whether or not the 45-year-old future Hall of Famer will play next season. So, if you want to see Brady triumph against Mike McCarthy’s squad or lose his first-ever game against the Cowboys, you can; because tickets are still available. At the time of publication, the lowest price we found on tickets was $174 before fees on Vivid Seats. Not a fan of the cheap seats? Lower-level seats start at $296 before fees. All prices are subject to fluctuation.  Todd Bowles’ team started slowly, but the Bucs picked things up midway through the season to limp to the top of the weak NFC South ahead of the Panthers, Saints and Falcons, all of whom finished the year 7-10. To advance to the Divisional Round, the team will need running back Leonard Fournette, and wide receivers Mike Evans and Julio Jones to come through in a big way. To read more about the Bucs, be sure to check out the NY Post’s comprehensive coverage of the team here.  Coach Mike McCarthy’s job may be on the line. After an embarrassing loss to the Washington Commanders in Week 18 to close the season, the Cowboys need to return to form on the road against the Buccaneers in order to keep their playoff hopes alive. While Dak Prescott had a rough season — 15 interceptions in 12 games isn’t exactly a good look — he can make up for all that against Tampa Bay. He’ll need major contributors CeeDee Lamb, Ezekiel Elliott and Tony Pollard to step us as well. Want more Cowboys stories? Take a look at all the NY Post’s Cowboys news here.  Starting at 8:15 p.m. EST, the game takes the primetime “Monday Night Football” slot and will air on ESPN and ABC. Troy Aikman and Joe Buck will provide commentary. Lisa Salters is set to handle sideline reporting duties. Don’t have a TV? You can stream the game on ABC, ESPN+ or FuboTV.  Once football season is over, many of the biggest artists around are taking their talents on the road this year. Here are just five of our favorites you won’t want to miss live. • Bruce Springsteen and the E Street Band • Metallica • Taylor Swift • Morgan Wallen • SZA