Law enforcement officers were seen Friday removing two mattresses that appeared to be stained with blood from the Moscow home where four University of Idaho students were stabbed to death. The removal of the mattresses came about a month after investigators were last seen hauling items from the off-campus home that was the scene of the horrific quadruple homicide on Nov. 13. During Friday’s operation, the mattresses, a box, a bed frame and other furniture were taken out and loaded into pickup trucks. Large, dark stains that resembled pools of dried blood were visible on the mattresses that were covered by white plastic wrappings. Last Thursday, before Bryan Kohberger was arrested and later charged with the killings, Idaho authorities had announced a crime-scene clean-up crew was being deployed to sanitize the home. But the next day Kohberger was picked up at his parents’ Pennsylvania home and the crew was called off. Kohberger, 28, was extradited from Pennsylvania to Idaho earlier this week to face charges in the murders of Kaylee Goncalves, 21, Madison Mogen, 21, Xana Kernodle, 20, and Kernodle’s boyfriend Ethan Chapin, 20. According to the affidavit of probable cause that was unsealed this week, Kohberger entered the home and killed the students between 4 and 4:25 a.m. One of the victims’ surviving roommates, Dylan Mortenson, told police she believed all six of the housemates were in bed or asleep by 4 a.m. During the investigation, a Moscow Police Department detective entered the home and found Goncalves and Mogen dead from stab wounds in Mogen’s bed, according to the affidavit. A tan leather “Ka-Bar” knife sheath with a United States Marines logo lay on the bed next to them. Kernodle and Chapin were both found dead in Kernodle’s bedroom. Investigators later retrieved a DNA sample from Kohberger’s family’s trash in Albrightsville, Pennsylvania which matched the DNA of his father to that found on a knife sheath recovered from the crime scene. The knife itself has still not been recovered. Kohberger, a Ph.D. student at Washington State University in Pullman, made his first court appearance in Moscow on Thursday and is being held at the Latah County Jail.