Phone shaming is not a new thing. In fact, using your phone in public has been debated so much, it’s surprising it’s still seen as something worth discussing. But, oh, it very much is – as this viral post with 255k shares, a million likes and 23,000 comments, proves. A photo of a rather judgmental sign put up by a cafe about phone usage was posted to what’s essentially a Facebook parenting group, and, well, put it this way, there were two very clear camps who battled it out. The photo of the cafe sign was posted by what seems to be an American mom, on her page, Kitchen Fun with my 3 sons, earlier this month. The sign reads: “We do not have WiFi. Talk to each other. Pretend it’s 1995.” And people went bonkers about it, commenting on the judgment from the cafe, and also reminiscing about ‘simpler times’. In the ‘for’ camps, this is some of what they said (obviously forgetting that phones can be used without Wi-Fi): “Such a rare opportunity these days.” “Yesss, I remember those great days!” “My daughter and I went out to eat the other day and everybody in the restaurant was on their phone. It’s crazy!” “So often you see everyone at a table at a Cafe or Restaurant … all on their phones. They may as well have stayed home. I find this very sad.” “It seems people are on their phones all the time when with other people; I think you should put the phone away and enjoy the company.” “A coffee shop at [near me] there’s a box on the table to put phones in. If you don’t use your phone while you are there you are given a discount on your bill.” Woah, now that’s some judgment! In the ‘stuff this ridiculous judgment’ camp, some said: “I would not go to this place. I may or may not want to be on my phone. Maybe checking email, maybe checking on a friend in need, maybe reading a book, maybe just playing a game. The point is, I talk to people at work every goddamn day for F-ING HOURS. I am not going to spend my personal time or my money in an establishment that tells me I have to do it some more.” “I won’t make people happy but that sign would send me and my wallet right back out the door. I don’t go out to eat to be told what I can do for the honor of eating there. I don’t use my phone in restaurants. It stayed off the table but I will not be told by someone who is more than willing to take my money what I can do in my space at a table. Have fun in 1995. I really don’t remember it being anything special. “I find it totally offensive. From the look of the coolers, it doesn’t seem to be a high-end establishment. When people are overcharging for a burger and coke they could have the business sense not to insult their customers.” And then there was this from a 15-year-old, ie, our future: “This sign is stupid. Older people complain about technology even though it isn’t them that it negatively affects, it’s people my age (15) and near it. We have to grow up with it. He added, “This being said, I honestly think technology is a great thing and advancement in this world. Look at how amazing it is. Sometimes when I’m using it, I sit back and take a moment to realize and think about how incredibly lucky I am to be living at a time like this. “Stop complaining about advancements.” Take that, Boomers.