They couldn’t wait to poke fun at his freeze willy. Prince Harry is being ridiculed online after revealing that he suffered a frostbitten “todger” during a 2011 North Pole trip — which made for a miserable time at the wedding of Prince William and Kate Middleton. His frosted phallus fiasco was one of many bombshells broken by Page Six after obtaining a copy of the Duke of Sussex’s much-hyped memoir “Spare” ahead of its official release on Jan. 10. “Upon arriving home I’d been horrified to discover that my nether regions were frost nipped,” the now-38-year-old ex-royal had described of the shrinkage-inducing saga, which transpired following a 200-mile Arctic charity walk in March 2011. The prince’s penile frostbite was reportedly so bad that he was still reeling while with his older brother at Westminster Abbey on the latter’s wedding day on April 29, 2011. Harry told his father, Prince Charles, and company about the “discomfort of my frost nipped ears and cheeks,” but remained mum on his painful South Pole, per the memoir. “While the ears and cheeks were already healing, the todger wasn’t,” lamented the pained prince, who promptly sought treatment following the ceremony. Social media, of course, had a field day upon hearing of his chilly willy — with Rolling Stone’s Lisa Tozzi snarking: “I have died, RIP Me.” “Bang goes the old axiom — What happens in the Arctic stays in the Arctic,” quipped broadcaster Michael Gravesande. “I never thought I’d be talking about Prince Harry’s ‘frostnipped’ penis for a living, but here we are,” added GB News’ royal reporter Cameron Walker, along with an excerpt from the Page Six article describing the wince-worthy saga. “We’ve all been there,” snarked one comment section comedian, while another joked, “Would make for a great Austin Powers movie. Cold Member.” Other commenters poked fun at the Page Six article’s heading, “Prince Harry had a frostbitten penis at Prince William and Kate Middleton’s wedding.” “What a weird thing to have on the menu,” replied one Twit wit. “Most people serve cake or maybe some canapés!” joked writer Paul Dallison. Harry’s cold member was just one of many explosive revelations in “Spare,” in which he spilled on everything from losing his virginity to an older woman to being physically attacked by his brother over his relationship with Meghan Markle. The Duke of Sussex also confirmed that he is circumcised, dispelling longstanding reports that he is not.