A 23-year-old mom was found fatally shot in the head inside her Queens home this week – and investigators were searching for leads and a motive Friday, cops said. Alexa Ruiz’s distraught father discovered her lifeless body on her bed at her first-floor Maspeth apartment on 56th Drive near 60th Street Wednesday night, according to a neighbor who only identified himself as Sterling. “The father went in,” she said. “He turned the light on — that was it. [The] father saw her laying down in bed and he just lost it.” “He couldn’t speak the rest of the night.” Ruiz father, Giovanni Munive — who said he was in “super pain” and declined to talk to a reporter —  called the police, authorities said. Authorities confirmed that they responded to the home around 8:10 p.m. and found Ruiz lying with a gunshot wound to the back of her head. They said they are treating the case as a homicide. Ruiz, a single mom with a young daughter, had a good relationship with the father of her child, who sometimes came by to pick up the little girl, neighbors said. “When that whole night happened, the child’s father was here,” Sterling said. “Also distraught. He just got off of work or something — I guess they called him.” Neighbors believe the child was with her grandmother at the time. A second neighbor reported hearing arguments and partying at the home since she moved in a few months ago. “I rolled the window down— it was between 1-2:30 in the morning — I told her, if you don’t shut up I’m going to call the cops and call the landlord, Angelo,” the neighbor said. “She was arguing outside on the phone, I don’t know with who.” A male friend also used to stop by to visit Ruiz, according to neighbors, who added that they hadn’t seen him in a while. It’s unclear whether the man is – or was – Ruiz’s boyfriend. Ruiz worked as a nail technician, neighbors said. Sterling, who lives directly above Ruiz, recalled that the woman’s dad was banging on his daughter’s apartment door before the horrific discovery. “I was like ‘What’s going on?’” Sterling said. “He asked me, ‘Have you seen my daughter?’ and I was like, ‘Now that you mention it, no.’” Sterling said that he and the worried father then called the building super. “[The super] was able to pry the window open,” Sterling said. “He’s a small guy, he was able to jump in. He said, ‘I see her, it’s dark.’ We told him to open the door.” After Ruiz’s body was found, family members showed up one by one, Sterling said. The woman’s relatives told cops they hadn’t heard from her in days, authorities said. “We were all out here — talking to police, EMTS, answering questions,” Sterling said. “We were seeing the family come one by one.” While cops are considering Ruiz’s death a homicide, they had no details on the circumstances leading to the slaying, or who may have been responsible, by Friday afternoon. Detectives told neighbors they believe the crime happened Monday night, Sterling said. But Sterling, who was a soldier and is currently a part of the National Guard, said he heard nothing that evening. “I know gunfire anywhere,” he said. Neighbors were baffled over how the killer may have managed to get into Ruiz’s apartment. “Her locks were locked,” Sterling said. “There was no forced entry. She let him in or the guy has keys.”