Fashion model Jeremy Ruehlemann’s heartbroken father spoke out about his son’s battle with addiction just days after his death. The 27-year-old was found unresponsive in his friend’s Midtown Manhattan apartment Saturday. His father, Achim Ruehlemann, told the Daily Mail he suspects his son died from an accidental drug overdose after having an addiction to prescription pills for a number of years. “He did rehab and had tried to get off prescription medication,” Achim Ruehlemann told the outlet, adding that the painkiller Percocet was among the pills Jeremy couldn’t stop using. “Obviously, he was not successful.” The devastated 59-year-old told the outlet that the family is not “100% sure exactly what happened” to his son. He said they are awaiting the results of a toxicology test. “There was no desire to end his life, this was accidental,” Ruehlemann said. “Obviously, he had some issues with drug addiction, but he was very happy. He loved life. He was very vibrant, a wonderful soul, and a very giving guy.” Touching on the heartfelt tributes his son received from the fashion world on social media, Achim Ruehlemann added, “I don’t know if there’s anybody who could say anything negative about him. It’s just a tragedy.” The New Jersey native had walked and modeled for designers including Christian Siriano, John Varvatos, Superdry, Perry Ellis, and more. He also appeared in publications like GQ and Playhouse Magazine. Ruehlemann, who was represented by Soul Artist Management, posted a behind-the-scenes photo from a Tommy Hilfiger shoot on his Instagram page days before his death. Siriano shared a touching tribute to Jeremy Ruehlemann on Instagram Sunday. “I have never posted anything like this but to lose a friend who was such a beautiful soul is just really hard,” the “Project Runway” star wrote. “This is for Jeremy, the most beautiful man that gave so much love to everyone he met no matter what.” Siriano described the model as one of his “muses” and sent his love to his grieving family and friends.