Penn State professor Sam Richards challenged straight students in his sociology class to watch gay or lesbian porn to discover a new side to their sexuality. “If you’re straight, watch gay or lesbian porn and see how quickly you feel aroused. And how you can’t control that. You’ll realize that, ‘Oh, d—, I could be sexualized by people who are like me.’” “We are all at some level nonbinary,” Richards said, summing up the views of certain “sociologists.” “We’re all, very much, easily bisexual.” The class was largely silent in response. “I might have hit a nerve there. Did I hit a nerve?” the professor asked. Speaking directly to “straight folks” and “especially men” in his class, Richards again told them to watch gay porn and grapple with their sexual feelings while multiple students laughed. “Watch gay porn. See if you feel that feeling. If you feel that feeling, look in a mirror, and say huh, maybe I’m just feeling some things that I’m just afraid to release. And maybe you release that and maybe you’d be surprised that maybe you actually are fine being more bisexual.” Penn State told Fox News Digital that “academic freedom for faculty” was important in promoting “critical thinking and discussion. ” “Professor Richards purposefully teaches in a manner designed to promote discussion across a spectrum of opinions. His class is not mandatory but is a popular elective that students choose to join. Dr. Richards and his course colleagues take time to discuss opinions from many perspectives — from liberal to conservative—and delve into topics from different viewpoints to create conversation, challenge beliefs and encourage students to explore uncomfortable and complex topics.” The class, SOC 119, was held on Dec. 6 2022, according to Richards’ YouTube channel. The topic of the day was “A Conversation on Trans Issues, TERFS, and The Binary.” TERF is an acronym for “trans-exclusionary radical feminist.” During the same class that Prof. Richards recommended his students watch gay and lesbian porn, he also told a story about a student that transitioned to a different gender and gave advice to female students about how to urinate standing up. “Women, you should know this by the way, the little trick, you can have a little piece of leather and fold it up and use that to go in the urinal or go outside.” Richards’ course is extremely popular with students, according to a description of the class on Penn State’s website. Richards’ course is extremely popular with students, according to a description of the class on Penn State’s website. “Every semester 725 students register for SOC 119, the largest race and ethnic relations course in the country. In that room they have the opportunity to re-examine the world and challenge what they believe to be their place in it from a new perspective.” Prof. Richards did not return a request for comment from Fox News Digital.