For the first time in nearly four years, three-time Tony Award winner Nathan Lane is back on Broadway. All the way up until April 30, the “Lion King” and “Only Murders In The Building Star” will inhabit the role of Irving in “Pictures From Home” at Studio 54 in New York City alongside Broadway heavyweights Danny Burstein and Zoë Wanamaker. The show, directed by Tony winner Bartlett Sher and written by Sharr White based on photographer Larry Sultan’s memori, tells the story of the Sultan family who appear to be living the American Dream but after a bit of exploration, we learn there’s more to this tight-knit unit than meets the eye. And while it may seem like you’d have to cough up an arm and a leg to witness so much Broadway royalty in one place, we’re happy to report that reasonably priced tickets are still available. At the time of publication, we found tickets going for as low as $107 before fees on Vivid Seats. All prices are subject to inflation. “Pictures From Home” runs one hour and 45 minutes with no intermission.  The domestic drama officially opens on Feb. 9. While still in previews, the show can be seen eight times a week Tuesday through Sunday with matinees on Wednesday and Saturday at 2 p.m. as well as on Sunday at 3 p.m.. Once “Pictures From Home” officially opens, performances will maintain the eight-shows a week schedule all the way up until April 16. Want to find the right showtime for your busy schedule? A complete calendar featuring all upcoming dates, start times and links to buy tickets can be found here.  There’s quite a bit of pedigree to this cast. In fact, the three main leads have six (!) Tony and Olivier Awards between them. Want a bit more backstory? Here’s what you need to know about each of these titans of theater. Nathan Lane, a New Jersey native, has done it all for over 40 years. Some of his most notable film, TV and stage roles include “The Bird Cage,” “Mouse Hunt,” “The Good Wife,” “The Gilded Age,” “The Producers” and “Angels In America.” Up next, you can see Lane in Ari Aster’s “Beau Is Afraid” alongside Joaquin Phoenix as well as the comedy “F—ing Identical Twins.” Danny Burstein took home the 2020 Tony Award for Best Featured Actor in a Musical for his performance in “Moulin Rouge!” as Harold Zidler. You may have seen him on TV in HBO’s “Boardwalk Empire” or CBS’ “Evil.” It’s also likely you caught Burstein in surprise hit indie films “Transamerica” (2005) and “The Family Fang.” Zoë Wanamaker rounds out the cast. A four-time Tony nominee for her work in “Piaf,” “Loot,” “Electra” and “Wake Up And Sing,” she’s also made a name for herself from her turns in “Harry Potter” as Madame Hooch and “My Week With Marilyn” where she played real-life actress Paula Strasberg.  “Pictures From Home” kicked off 2023’s huge year for Broadway bringing big names and excitement to the Great White Way. Here’s what’s coming next. “A Doll’s House” starring Jessica Chastain • “Sweeney Todd” starring Gaten Matarazzo • “Camelot” starring Phillipa Soo • “Good Night, Oscar” starring Sean Hayes • “Prima Facie” starring Jodie Comer Not enough theater for you? Check out our list of the 13 biggest shows coming to Broadway in the next few months here.