Age is just a number — especially for Jane Fonda. The iconic actress, 85, revealed that she still does her VHS video workouts daily in a new interview with Elle Magazine published on Wednesday. “It’s still relevant today because it really works,” Fonda said of her workout tapes. “I’m 85 now and I can’t do the full workout per se, but I do the same moves only slower and with less weight, every day.” Fonda released her first workout tape in 1982, and it went on to become the top-selling VHS tape of all time, according to her website. She then released more workout tapes, sharing her aerobic moves and different workout styles with the world. The “Grace and Frankie” star noted that now she improvises in her workouts a lot since she isn’t a big fan of going to the gym. “I have a nice iron banister and I attach my resistance bands to that,” Fonda explained to the magazine. “But the essential moves and the essential goal is the same: you want to strengthen your core and your back, which is especially important if you’re over 30. You want to be able to carry your grandchildren. And I can still do that.” In December, Fonda announced that she was declared cancer-free after a bout with non-Hodgkin’s Lymphoma. The former fashion model underwent chemo treatments last year. She announced the good news in a post on her blog. “Last week I was told by my oncologist that my cancer is in remission and I can discontinue chemo,” the “Monster-in-Law” star wrote. “I am feeling so blessed, so fortunate. I thank all of you who prayed and sent good thoughts my way. I am confident that it played a role in the good news.” Right now, it seems like Fonda is in good spirits. During her interview with Elle, she emphasized the importance of exercise for both your mental and physical health. “Any psychologists or psychiatrists will tell you about the endorphins that are released in your brain when you do aerobic exercise,” she said. “They’re feel-good chemicals in your brain and we all want to feel good.” Fonda is currently starring in the film “80 for Brady,” which chronicles a group of four senior women as they set off on an exciting trip to the 2017 Super Bowl to see New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady, whom they’re all obsessed with. Fonda’s costars include Lily Tomlin, Sally Field and Rita Moreno.