Donald Trump is mourning the death of entertainer Diamond Lynnette Hardaway, best known as one-half of the “Diamond and Silk” duo, after her death Monday night aged 51. One of Trump’s most ardent supporters, Hardaway’s “unexpected” death was revealed as “really bad news for Republicans” by the former president. “Really bad news for Republicans and frankly, all Americans,” Trump wrote on Truth Social. “Our beautiful Diamond, of Diamond and Silk, has just passed away at her home in the State she loves so much, North Carolina.” Referring to Hardaway as “Magnificent Diamond,” the ex-POTUS said her sister Silk Herneitha Rochelle Hardaway was “with her all the way, and at her passing.” “There was no better team anywhere or at any time,” Trump added. “Diamond & Silk” rose to fame during Trump’s 2016 presidential campaign after they sensationally switched from lifelong Democrats to hardcore Republicans after Trump’s White House bid was announced a year earlier. The vloggers became social media stars and frequent Fox News guests throughout Trump’s tenure as commander-in-chief — including appearances with Trump in the Oval Office. “There was no better TEAM anywhere, or at any time! Diamond’s death was totally unexpected, probably her big and precious HEART just plain gave out. Rest In Peace our Magnificent Diamond, you will be greatly missed,” he concluded. A GiveSendGo page has been set up in her honor. A message on the page reads, “The World just lost a True Angel and Warrior Patriot for Freedom, Love, and Humanity!” “Diamond blazed a trail, founded on her passion and love for the entire race of humanity,” the message continues. “The memory of her passing should forever remain in our hearts. In this time of grief, please respect the privacy of Diamond’s family but remember and celebrate the gift that she gave us all.” Hardaway’s health sparked concern back in November after the duo’s official Twitter account pleaded with fans to pray for her. “Anyone who believes in the power of prayer please pray for Diamond,” the tweet read, however, a reason for the sudden plea was never given. In 2018, the pair claimed Facebook had flagged their Trump-loving videos as “unsafe.” They received an apology from the social media site several months later. The sisters were fired from their Fox News roles back in 2020 for promoting conspiracy theories about COVID-19. They also claimed on-air that death figures from the virus were being manipulated to ruin Trump’s image.