The Issue: The city’s plan to switch retirees from Medicare Senior Care to Medicare Advantage. Mayor Adams correctly called Medicare Advantage a bait-and-switch when he was a candidate. (“Speaker Adams Stands Up for Choice,” Editorial, Jan 9). Now he wants to force this bait-and-switch down the throats of retirees at a time in their lives when they are most likely to need quality health care. The city should not be saving money on the backs of 250,000 retired city workers who were promised decent health care when they retired under Administrative Code 12-126. Richard Sherman Margate, Fla. When leaders suggest saving money on the backs of retired workers whose incomes are fixed, New Yorkers should not simply notice but ask themselves: Why? When it comes to saving on the cost of health care, they shouldn’t change goalposts during the game (as the mayor and others want to do by decree to retirees). They should be sorting it all out at the negotiation table, where new contracts are currently being hammered out. John Sheridan The Bronx As a retired New York City teacher, I was promised health care for life. The rush to force us into an inferior Medicare Advantage plan has been stymied twice by the courts. It is a known fact that Medicare Advantage has many disadvantages, which the court has recognized. Many of us cannot afford the $191 additional premium to keep what we have and would have no choice except to go into the Advantage plan, especially in light of the additional co-pays that were imposed on us last January. Medicare Advantage is not equal to what we had when we were still working. We have proposed realistic cost savings to the city, which have been ignored. Adams and the teachers union are attempting to balance their books on the backs of the most vulnerable — the elderly retired — many of whom don’t even realize what is being done to them because they are not tech-savvy. Harold Wildstein Rockaway Park New York City cops take this low-paying job knowing that they will have a pension and a reasonably good health-care plan when they retire. But the mayor and the always-incompetent City Council have no problem slashing those agreed-upon benefits once you walk out the door. Apparently pretending to be magnanimous and spending millions in taxpayer money so you can declare yourself a sanctuary city is more important than keeping a promise to the men and women who worked in this city for decades. Al Chieco Islip The Issue: The health of Buffalo Bills’ player Damar Hamlin after he collapsed on the field on Jan. 2. As a Bills fan, it’s such a relief to see that Damar Hamlin appears to be on the road to a full recovery (“A Tale of Two Battles,” Marc Siegel, Jan. 9). This is a country screaming for someone or something to unite us, as the unfortunate event with Hamlin did. It wasn’t hard for the country to come together and show the love and compassion we truly have, which, as Siegel said, are what makes our country great. B. Tonuzi Wanaque, NJ The next time a politician, the mainstream media or an institution of higher learning lectures the people of the US about how racist we are, let’s remember the outpouring of love and support given to Damar Hamlin after his tragic accident. People of all creeds, religions and races have prayed for and shown love for this young man. Regardless of what we are told by the elites of this country, we are exceptional. Peter Boeko Manorville Want to weigh in on today’s stories? Send your thoughts (along with your full name and city of residence) to letters@nypost.com. Letters are subject to editing for clarity, length, accuracy and style.