Chilling surveillance video caught the moment University of Alabama basketball player Darius Miles allegedly opened fire at a car, killing a 23-year-old passenger and sending bystanders running for their lives. “Oh my God!” a woman is heard screaming in the Ring doorbell camera clip as she runs with another woman from the shooting early Saturday. The footage captured two cars driving down the street before the sound of at least 10 shots being fired rang out. Police said that after interviewing multiple witnesses and reviewing surveillance footage, they identified college hoopster Miles, 21, and Michael Lynn Davis, 20, as suspects in the shooting. Miles and David were arrested in the shooting in an area near  the Tuscaloosa campus known as “The Strip,” Tuscaloosa police Capt. Jack Kennedy said. The two suspects were charged with capital murder. Jamea Jonae Harris, 23, of Birmingham, was struck by one of the rounds and died, police said. One of the suspects was reportedly injured when someone in her car also opened fire. It was not clear which of the two men was shot. “At this time, it appears that the only motive was a minor altercation that these individuals had with the victim as they were out on The Strip,” Kennedy told reporters. He said Miles and Harris did not have a previous relationship. Neither Harris nor Davis is affiliated with the university. The 21-year-old suspect appeared to be crying during a perp walk caught in video posted by AL.com. He addressed someone standing outside the Tuscaloosa County Jail and said, “I love you’’ and “I love you more than you can imagine.” Miles’ bio has been deleted from the Alabama University athletic department’s website, AI.com reported. “First and foremost, we extend our deepest sympathies to the family and friends of the victim from last night’s incident. We were made aware of the recent charge against student-athlete Darius Miles, and he is no longer a member of the Alabama men’s basketball team,” UA Athletics said in a statement. The university also released a statement saying its “utmost priority is the safety and well-being of the campus community. We are grieved by the incident that occurred near campus last night and extend our deepest condolences to the victim’s family and friends.” Miles, who is from Washington, DC, played forward and was reportedly benched during the team’s game against Louisiana State University on Saturday due to an ankle injury.