Actor Regé-Jean Page is the most handsome man in the world, according to research. A cosmetic surgeon has found that the “Bridgerton” star’s face is 93.65% perfect in terms of the Golden Ratio. Numerically roughly 1.618, the concept measures the symmetry of a person’s face and determines their apparent attractiveness. Other hunky men who follow close behind Page include Chris Hemsworth with 93.53% and Michael B. Jordan with 93.46%. Harry Styles came in fourth at 92.30%, and British soccer player Jude Bellingham came in hot at 92.22%. The data was compiled by Dr. Julian De Silva, a British plastic surgeon. De Silva used computer technology to calculate the proportions of Page’s face, telling UK outlet Metro: “These brand-new computer mapping techniques allow us to solve some of the mysteries of what it is that makes someone physically beautiful. And the technology is useful when planning patients’ surgery.” “Regé won because of his classically beautiful face and gorgeous brown eyes,” the physician went on. “He had easily the highest score … His eye spacing and the positioning of his eyes also scored highly,” he added of the “Gray Man” star. The doctor added: “His perfectly shaped lips also scored highly, and the only mark he got that was slightly lower was for his nose width and length.” Page left the Netflix romance drama after its first season in 2021, on which he played Duke of Hastings Simon Basset — and burst onto the A list. His exit leaves him open for such heavyweight future roles as James Bond, which he’s allegedly in the running to play. Last year, he gave his stamp of approval for “Bridgerton” executive producer Shonda Rhimes to recast his role in Season 3 of the show. “They’re free to do as they like,” the actor told Variety of the show’s producers. “Shonda and I had a wonderful conversation at the end of Season 1. We were quite happy with how we stuck the landing on that one.” Page then noted how he’s grateful for all the fan love he received for playing the commitment-phobic Simon. “We did so well on that redemptive arc that people forget that Simon was kind of horrific,” the actor said. “He was the best example of a Regency f–kboy that any of us had come across.”  