Prince Harry and Meghan Markle claim their latest Netflix show was “inspired by Nelson Mandela” — but Mandela’s granddaughter believes they have ulterior motives. Nikola Mandela, 57, blasted the couple for “using” her grandfather’s legacy as a cash grab for their Netflix series “Live to Lead.” Nikola accused the Sussexes of appearing to compare their struggles with the royal family to the former president of South Africa’s life and fight for freedom, saying it’s “upsetting and tedious.” “That’s chalk and cheese, there is no comparison,” Nikola said in an interview with the Australian. “I know the Nelson Mandela Foundation has supported the initiative but people have stolen grandfather’s quotes for years and have used his legacy because they know his name sells – Harry and Meghan are no different from them.” Nikola admitted she admires Prince Harry for having the “confidence” to split from the royal family, especially since her grandfather “rebelled against an arranged marriage to find his own path in life.” “But it comes at a price, you have to then fund your own life,” she added. “I’ve made peace with people using granddad’s name but it’s still deeply upsetting and tedious every time it happens.” “Harry needs to be authentic and stick to his own story, what relevance does grandad’s life have with his?” Nikola continued. Mandela’s granddaughter also revealed that she doesn’t believe Prince Harry or Markle ever “properly” met the great leader. “I don’t believe [Harry] nor Meghan have ever properly met granddad, maybe when Harry was young at Buckingham Palace,” she shared. “But they are using his quotations in the documentary to draw in people and make millions without the Mandela family benefiting.” “Live to Lead” uses footage of Mandela leaving prison in 1990 and features the Duke and Duchess of Sussex quoting the anti-apartheid leader, as well as saying the show was “inspired” by him. The seven-part docuseries was co-produced by the Nelson Mandela Foundation. Harry and Meghan’s second Netflix show features interviews from prominent leaders including New Zealand Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern, the late Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg, Greta Thunberg, Gloria Steinem, social justice attorney Bryan Stevenson and more. “With the world in the state that it is in, trying to heal from a global pandemic, with the rise of populism and misinformation, the need for effective leadership is critical,” Sello Hatang, chief executive of the Nelson Mandela Foundation, said of the release. “‘Live to Lead’ was made to contribute towards inspiring better leaders, ones that are committed to ending poverty and inequity and who show the lead in making the just society of Nelson Mandela’s dreams.” “Live to Lead” is currently streaming on Netflix.