As someone whose weight has fluctuated throughout my entire life, I have to consistently remind myself to be comfortable and confident with my body. That, combined with being with the same partner for years and diving into holiday sweets and treats face first, means I am more than ready to shift my focus back to maintaining a healthy lifestyle. OK, sure. Fine. I’ve let myself go a little bit, but who hasn’t from time to time? And you know what? It’s never too late to step back, take stock of my situation, and hit reset. I am not the only one that thinks so, either. Raw Generation has launched its new Signature Reset, just in time for all our collective New Year’s resolutions. It is full of great juices and healthy recommendations to get motivated to eat better while establishing better habits so you keep it up long term.  First off, don’t call this a cleanse. When I think about going into a juice cleanse full throttle, it harkens back to me in my mid-20s doing a full-body seven-day lemon and cayenne pepper cleanse; haters be damned. Oh, how I miss that metabolism. We’ve all come a long way since the days of equating solid food deprecation to transcendent svelt salvation. We know that a weeks-long diet of nothing but spicy lemon water is not a magical colon cleanse or some appetite cure-all if you can “just stick it out until day three.” Learn more about what a juice cleanse really is in our lengthy expert-approved list of the best juice cleanses of 2023. Sure, the Raw Generation Signature Reset involves a myriad of juices, but it is much more than just a cleanse – far from it, in fact. It’s a 90-day program that features two proper cleanses full of cold-pressed juices – one five-day cleanse to start, and one three-day cleanse to refresh you halfway through – with plenty of better-for-you swaps and easy-to-make recipes designed to help initiate and instill healthy eating habits for good. Every day of the Signature Reset program that you are not cleansing, you are enjoying two juices or smoothies to keep up the momentum. More on how those play a role later. In addition to a whopping 228 bottles of green juices and smoothies, the Raw Generation Signature Reset is full of actual food and real-life support. You read that correctly. Let me explain: Raw Generation worked with holistic nutritionist Lisa Testa, M.S. She brings over 15 years of experience to Raw Generation, which she has been a part of since its founding in 2012. She devised a program designed to work hard without making you hangry. How? By eating, of course. The plan comes with everything you need for cooking at home and eating out. OK, well, not everything; you need to supply the pots and pans, and there are still trips to the grocery store, but when you think about it, isn’t shopping for food really the first step in making bad habits better? We’re all adults here, so there is no need to restrict favorites, including meat and dairy. But before you get too excited, this isn’t a “diet” where you eat “cheeseburgers” and “lose weight.” If you came here for that, you’re probably in the wrong place. Instead, this is a way to shift habits where uncomplicated approaches to eating and salubrious menu substitutions help reshape the way you approach eating. Once the first five-day cleanse is complete, there are 50 different recipes provided by Lisa and Raw Generation. Meals include delicious raw and veggie-based options like a strawberry banana smoothie bowl and a spring roll salad with rice and avocado, perfect for lunch. If you’re not one to cut out meat, no worries there, either. There are plenty of chicken, fish, and even beef options to choose from as well. Healthy, hearty meals are yours to create, but there are more juices to drink on the daily too, which help your body reset, not just your brain. In addition to mixing up the menu, Raw Generation sends you 180 green juices and smoothies over the course of the three months – two for every day of the 90-day program – full of plant-based chlorophyll. This dreamy green antioxidant does a lot of heavy lifting. While potentially helping prevent cancer and having been shown to help fight acne, the real reason chlorophyll shines in this program is its promising weight loss benefits because it chemically reduces or eliminates cravings for unhealthy foods. If you’re already set in your squeezed juice ways and cooking up some chicken and veggies is old hat; there is still something in the Signature Reset for you. Arguably the most money-well-spent component of the entire program is the chance to chat directly with the woman behind it all, Lisa Testa. Well, if you’ve made it this far, you should see I think it’s worth the investment, but ultimately that’s a decision for you to make on your own. If you were to purchase the juices and the program at full price, it would cost $2,358 – and you still wouldn’t have the direct access to Lisa that you do with the plan. However, right now, to ring in the new year, the plan is available for $1,299, saving you a total of $1,058. With free shipping, I can’t wait to get started right away. If the 90-day duration or the $1,299 price tag is not in the cards for you right now, that’s OK. Raw Generation still offers many an option to satisfy what you’re after. Read below for our picks for Raw Generation’s best juice cleanses. Designed for those looking to achieve quick weight loss, the Skinny Cleanse by Raw Generation is what got the brand famous. Over the course of five days, six different juices can reset your mind and body and help you get your goals back on track by losing 8 pounds in five days. The low-sugar cleanse focuses on four green juices and two green smoothies per day that have higher protein and less sugar than the comparable combo offered by most juice cleanses; 48 grams of protein and 47% less sugar, in fact. When protein is the name of your game, opt for the Raw Generation cleanse that balances it best. Using more nut milk for a blend that is higher in calories and healthy fats, these three juices and three smoothies per day are intended for those who have an active lifestyle and don’t want to take a few days off. No matter which Raw Generation juice cleanse you choose, the most important part of any diet or weight-loss plan is establishing and maintaining healthy habits. Moderate exercise and eating right really can go a long way. For more content, check out the New York Post shopping section.