After a nearly six-year hiatus from Broadway, Ben Platt is back. This time around, the “Dear Evan Hansen” star will lead a revival of Jason Robert Brown’s Tony Award-winning musical “Parade,” based on the true story of Leo Frank, a Jewish businessman in 1913 Georgia who was wrongly convicted of a crime he did not commit. “The story of Leo Frank is more important than ever to re-examine,” director Michael Arden said. “It is my hope that audiences are both inspired and activated to reflect on both the past failure and the enduring promise of the complicated tapestry we call America.” The socially conscious musical which isn’t light on touchy and unfortunately, timely anti-Semitic subject matter, begins its month of previews on Feb. 21 at the Bernard B. Jacobs Theatre. Opening night is set for March 16; “Parade’s” march is set to end Aug. 6. At the time of publication, only 188 performances are scheduled. And while overwhelming demand for inventory temporarily crashed Telecharge, we’re happy to share that tickets can easily be snagged on Vivid Seats. Tickets for the first month of shows start in the $280 range before fees. However, if you’re willing to attend a show in April or May, you may find prices that are a bit more affordable. All prices are subject to fluctuation. Want to know more? Keep reading — we’ve got all the information you need on “Parade.”  In its first month “Parade” will run seven times a week, skipping the traditional Wednesday matinee. There will be shows at 2 p.m. and 8 p.m. on Saturdays. The musical will go dark on Mondays. Once “Parade” officially opens, 2 p.m. Wednesday matinees will be added to the schedule. Want to find the show that’s just right for you? Click here to find a complete calendar that includes all of “Parade’s” show dates, start times and links to buy tickets.  Tony Award-winner Platt will be joined by co-lead Micaela Diamond when “Parade” opens on Broadway. Diamond, a 23-year-old New Jersey native, is known for her work in “The Cher Show,” where she played Babe aka Young Cher. She also appeared in the ensemble of the televised version of “Jesus Christ Superstar Live in Concert.” “Parade’s” complete cast list will be announced in the coming weeks.  As always, Broadway has a number of shows raring and ready to go for audiences this year. Here are just five of our can’t miss favorites you’ll have to see live when they debut on the Great White Way. • “A Doll’s House” starring Jessica Chastain • “Sweeney Todd” starring Jordan Fisher • “Camelot” starring Phillipa Soo • “New York, New York” by Lin-Manuel Miranda • “Prima Facie” starring Jodie Comer Want more? Check out our comprehensive list of shows opening on Broadway in 2023 here.