PHILADELPHIA — I am standing approximately one Daniel Jones downfield pass to Darius Slayton away from the Linc. And the Linc has some venomous things to say to me: “Hey New York guy, do your New York Effin Giants know what’s in store for them here on Saturday night (LMFAO)? “Your Giants picked the wrong time and the wrong place this time, and oh, tell ’em to hide the women and children if they’re thinking of making the trip down the Turnpike. “The Ghost of Chuck Bednarik will be joining us here with a seat on the 50-yard line — your owner John Mara was a 6-year-old boy when ol’ Concrete Charlie laid out his and your beloved Frank Gifford at Yankee Stadium back in 1960. “I take it as a compliment whenever youse guys from New York call me a House of Horrors and it’s hilarious to me that your Giants haven’t walked out of here with a win since 2013. That’s hard to do (LMFAO). “Better tell Daniel Jones that these won’t be the Vikings waiting for him this time. Better tell him to wear his Huggies (LMFAO)! Oh, and remind him that not even Eli Manning could beat Jeff Garcia here in the 2006 NFC wild-card game (LMFAO)! “What was it FDR said? The only thing you have to fear is the Linc itself (LMFAO)?” I couldn’t take much more of the trash talk and drove off after I swear saw the Linc flipping me a double bird in my rearview mirror to gauge the pulse of the fans who will be cursing and taunting the hated Giants for 60 minutes or more if necessary and singing “Fly, Eagles, Fly” early and often. I figured this was the wrong time and the wrong place to suggest to these folks how ironic it is that the Giants will be the ones who will be showing up as Rocky. In the parking lot across from the Linc, Will Dolley fully expects it to serve as the House of Horrors it has forever been for the Giants. “It’s just a mystique that we have there,” Dolley says. “They just cannot win in our building. Eli Manning, he will tell you himself that he cannot win in this building.” I ask him what should the Giants expect on Saturday night. “Oh, just torture … misery,” Dolley says. “It should just be a blowout. They should expect nothing but a Philly welcome. Yeah, just misery, just pure misery raining down.” Do Eagles fans hate the Giants? “They do,” Dolley says. “Why not? They’re from New York. We don’t like no New York teams. … Daniel Jones is not a very good quarterback even though he looked like a god against the Vikings, but he stinks, I’m sorry. Our defense is just gonna have a field day with him, I’m sorry. “And the funny part is the game don’t start til what, 8? OK so we’ll have 12 hours of drinking under our belt before the game even starts, so … it could get ugly. “ I point back at the Linc and ask Brian Morris why the Giants haven’t won there since 2013. “They can’t handle the fans,” he says. “They get scared. “And then every Eagles team’s had a Giant Killer. This week’s it’s gonna be Boston Scott. He’s gonna continue to be the Giant Killer.” What advice would you have for the Giants when they come here Saturday night? “Stay away.” Jim Goub moved to Los Angeles 12 years ago. “The Philly fans are completely different than everywhere else in the country,” he said. “Just seeing how Santa Claus goes to the games, they get snowballs thrown at them … I think it’s something about the grittiness of Philly and how we’re the underdogs.” What should the Giants expect? Goub thought about it. “Expect a … a fight,” he said. I point to the Linc and ask Bill Novick walking in the parking lot what the atmosphere is like for visitors inside this House of Horrors. “It’s electric … it’s vocal … it’s supportive,” he said with a smile. “I would not wear a competing team’s jersey in there. Definitely don’t walk through the parking lots, right? Because there’s a lot of … passion for our teams, you know?” Randy Callejas grew up on 116th and Seventh Avenue in New York. He identifies himself as a long-suffering Jets fan who roots for the Eagles now because he lives in the area. “This is a blue-collar town,” he says. “There are a lot of hard workers in here … they work construction jobs, so it’s a little loud, and they curse a lot, yeah they do.” Andrew Powell delivers food to the concession stands at the Linc and will be working on Saturday night. I ask him how he would describe Eagles fans. “Unpredictable,” he tells me. How so? “Anything can happen. Anything can happen … the atmosphere definitely makes a difference.” Frankie Piacentini expects to hear the crowd from his home 10 minutes away. He also expects a second Super Bowl championship. “You ain’t playing in front of us and beating us,” he said. “It ain’t happening.” I look over at the Linc on my way to John’s Roast Pork for a cheesesteak recommended by Dolley, and I swear I see it flipping me a double bird.