Hunter Biden walked up to House Speaker Kevin McCarthy (R-Calif.) at the White House state dinner honoring French President Emmanuel Macron last month and commented on the appearance of McCarthy’s 82-year-old mother, according to a report. President Biden’s son was among the first of the guests to arrive at the lavish function, and among the few other early arrivals was McCarthy and his mother Roberta, according to a New York Times report on Wednesday. Despite the California Republican’s vows to investigate Hunter and his father, the first son and his wife approached McCarthy and his mother and the two men shook hands, according to the news outlet. “Mrs. McCarthy, you look beautiful,” Hunter Biden told Roberta McCarthy, a person who was present told the New York Times. “I’m a friend of your son’s,” Biden added with a smile, according to the news outlet. It had previously been reported that the House speaker and first son chatted at the Dec. 1, 2022, state dinner, but the details of their seemingly brief conversation were unknown at the time. The Washington Post reported in December that to some people who witnessed the interaction, it seemed like a “classic Biden-style moment of trying to charm an adversary.” Following The Post’s October 2020 expose about Hunter Biden’s overseas business dealings, Republicans, primarily led by new House Oversight Committee Chairman James Comer (R-Ky.), have been eager to investigate whether the 80-year-old president was involved or benefited from his son’s overseas business dealings. Comer has said he believes the entire Biden family was involved, raising national security concerns. The New York Times reported on Wednesday that David C. Weiss, the US attorney for Delaware tasked with heading a federal investigation into Hunter Biden, is closing in on a decision about whether to prosecute him. According to the report, Weiss is focused on possible charges related to Hunter’s alleged failure to meet filing deadlines for his 2016 and 2017 tax returns, possibly $30,000 in fraudulent deductions he made for business expenses, and falsely stating on a US government form that he was not using drugs when he purchased a handgun in 2018.