Everyone deserves the chance to fly. An 11-year-old boy has gone viral after his mom posted videos on TikTok of him singing Broadway show tunes in the car. Nathan Braxton from Orange County, California, has become a TikTok sensation — with one video gaining 146,000 views and 22,100 likes. “Let’s just call this Nathan’s audition for Matilda the Musical,” his mom, Samantha, captioned the video. Now, Delta Air Lines wanted to help the boy see his first Broadway show and is sending him and his family to New York. “I am in shock,” she tweeted. “Delta airlines is sending Nathan and the entire family to see his first Broadway musical in New York City!!!!!” “When you’re made for the stage, there’s no better place to see your dreams than NYC,” Delta’s official Twitter responded. While they’re still unsure what show they’ll be seeing or when exactly they’ll be headed to the Big Apple, many Broadway legends expressed their fondness for the boy. “Which show??? I’ll get him tix to anything else he wants to see as well!” playwright Jeremy O. Harris tweeted. “Crying. This baby deserves the universe,” Rachel Zegler responded. “Come see @WICKED_Musical! I’d love to meet you all xo,” Brittney Johnson, who plays Glinda in the show, said. “If you want to take this [star] and the rest of the fam to see some more theatre while you’re here, feel free to send us a DM …” TodayTix tweeted. “I think the Bway community and Nathan are going to be a match made in heaven for a very long time. Pure joy emanates from your incredible son — can’t wait to see where his talent and hard work leads him,” Tony-nominated composer Matthew Sklar said. “Young brother is far more committed than I even dreamt of being at his age. This is conviction! And I love to see it. On this trajectory, he’ll eclipse me in no time,” Leslie Odom Jr. said. Nathan’s mom shared a sweet video of his reaction to Odom’s tweet, which showed him crying in disbelief. “This is amazing. This one tweet means so much to me,” he said in the video. Samantha shared another video with Nathan’s response to all the attention he’s getting on social media, in which he said he’s “humbled” and “flattered.” When his mom told him that people think he should be onstage, Nathan responded: “I agree.”