Becoming a mom significantly affects a woman’s hormones, skin and energy — and one TikToker is warning mothers-to-be to brace themselves for a lesser-known pregnancy side effect. Marissa Greene, 30, said when she became pregnant after trying to conceive for four years, it seemed like a miracle. But soon after her daughter was born two years ago, she noticed her teeth rotting. In a TikTok clip with 5.4 million views in just over a week, Greene revealed shocking images of her decaying enamel in the hopes of spreading awareness. She called it the “most vulnerable time of my life” and debated even revealing her journey. Ultimately, Greene posted the video after deciding to not “let what others think” of her journey affect her, saying she wanted to just “live … and hopefully bring some encouragement to others in my boat.” The clip ends with her smiling with new dentures — her pearly whites restored after turning black. She claims it wasn’t her choice to wait to see a dentist until the condition was “too bad” — between the pandemic and her pregnancy, she was forced to hold out on her new smile until after birth. She said she struggled with morning sickness and her teeth deteriorated to the point where it was painful to brush them. Really, though, it wasn’t until “after” pregnancy that her gum health “went downhill,” she revealed. She admitted she didn’t take enough calcium during the pregnancy because she is lactose intolerant. “But I wouldn’t trade my smile for her any day,” she admitted of her precious toddler. Fellow moms expressed their gratitude for Greene’s vulnerability, calling her “beautiful,” while some even disclosed they suffer from the same condition. “People don’t understand. Not only is there more acid from morning sickness, but calcium deficiency is REAL,” one user cautioned. “Most people have no idea the toll a person’s body takes carrying a child. We risk so many health conditions to have our children,” another person chimed in. “Congrats!!!! I just spent almost 4k getting my smile back!!!!” one new mom revealed. “Thank you for posting this. I’m legit crying. I’m in the same boat and people are so mean,” another wrote in gratitude, along with the crying emoji. “So happy for you!!! This happened to me, 4 kids killed my teeth!” someone else agreed. “This is why I took calcium RELIGIOUSLY when I was pregnant,” another confessed. According to Healthline, “pregnancy gingivitis” typically develops between the second and eighth months of pregnancy. Pregnant women face an increased risk of tooth decay and loose teeth because of hormonal changes that leave them vulnerable to plaque build-up. Brushing, flossing, eating healthily, salt gargling, visiting a dentist regularly and limiting sugary foods can help prevent the gum disease from progressing.