The rematch is on. In Week 18, AFC North foes Cincinnati Bengals and Baltimore Ravens squared off to end the regular season. Zac Taylor’s 12-4 Bengals ended up walking away with a 27-16 victory at home. One week later, the divisional rivals are meeting once again at the Bengals’ Paycor Stadium on Sunday, Jan. 15, at 8:15 p.m. This time, the stakes are a bit higher — only one team’s season will continue following the Wild Card matchup. Who will advance? Will Joe Burrow, Ja’Marr Chase, Joe Mixon and Trey Hendrickson’s Bengals repeat last week’s season-ending heroics? Or will Tyler Huntley, Mark Andrews, Roquan Smith and Justin Tucker’s Ravens claw their way to a surprise upset victory? All we know is the best way to find out is live. Tickets aren’t particularly cheap, though. At the time of publication, the lowest price we could find was $182 before fees on Vivid Seats. Lower-level tickets start at $215 before fees. All prices are subject to fluctuation.  In Week 17, the Bengals played the Bills in what became the most-talked-about game of the 2022 NFL season. Midway through the first quarter, Bills safety Damar Hamlin suffered a cardiac arrest after tackling Bengals receiver Tee Higgins. The shocking event dominated the conversation and has put the Bills in the news for the past few weeks. If you’d like to catch up on what’s been written about the Bengals, just look at the NY Post’s coverage of the team and a potential neutral playoff site for a possible future game here.  All eyes are on Ravens’ quarterback Lamar Jackson. After suffering an injury that put him on the bench for the last five games of the regular season, the former MVP’s future with the team is up in the air as he enters free agency. We’ve got everything you need to know about the drama surrounding the star and his Ravens here.  As noted earlier, tickets will cost you a pretty penny to see this high-stakes playoff game. That being said, it is free to watch the two Bengals and Ravens go head-to-head on TV. Should you go that route, make sure to click your remote over to NBC, where the game is broadcast. Oh, you prefer streaming? NBC Sports and NFL+ are your best bets, then.  While there’s nothing quite as exciting as a live NFL game, we found a few concerts that come close. Here are just five of the biggest can’t-miss concerts we’re most excited about this year. • Bruce Springsteen and the E Street Band • Taylor Swift • Metallica • Morgan Wallen • Billy Joel with Stevie Nicks Want more? Here’s a comprehensive list of the 52 biggest concert tours in 2023.