Carlos Correa shared a possible update about his playing future amid his contract saga with the Mets. On Tuesday, the All-Star shortstop posted a photo to his Instagram story that showed him holding his one-year-old son Kylo. “Going to work with daddy today,” Correa wrote over the photo, including a heart-eyes emoji. His son, who celebrated his first birthday in November, was pictured wearing an “I love New York” onesie. In the photo, Correa is seen holding his glove while the father-son duo sported eye black. A baseball sat on the counter behind him. “Well, unless he’s signing with the Yankees this would appear to be encouraging,” Mets broadcaster Howie Rose tweeted on Tuesday. Correa’s post came as his 12-year, $315 million contract with the Mets remains in limbo. However, talks between both sides are expected to pick up again after a holiday lull. There is still belief there’s a good chance Correa ends up with the Mets, despite the team’s concerns over his surgically repaired ankle in 2014. Correa is currently not injured. He underwent arthroscopic surgery for a fractured right fibula and minor ligament damage while playing in the minors in June 2014. He sustained the injury sliding into a base and had a metal plate inserted to help stabilize his right leg. The injury has not caused him to miss any time, though Correa said last season that he experienced numbness and vibrating in his lower right leg when he was tagged sliding into a base in September while with the Twins. As his status with the Mets lingers, other teams have reached out about Correa. San Francisco’s President of Baseball Operations, Farhan Zaidi, told reporters on Friday that the Giants were among the teams to follow up with Correa’s camp. The Giants cancelled an introductory press conference with the shortstop in December after agreeing to terms on a historic 13-year, $350 million contract when they voiced concerns over the same ankle issue. That’s when Mets owner Steve Cohen swooped in while on vacation in Hawaii to pursue Correa.