A Florida mom is suing her kids’ school district, which barred her as a volunteer over her racy OnlyFans account. Victoria “Snooks” Triece, 31, a heavily tattooed blonde who posts sexually explicit images on the adult app, filed the lawsuit against Orange County Public Schools after being told in 2021 she could no longer take part in the ADDition volunteer program. Triece, a mother of two students at Sand Lake Elementary School, was outed as a sexy online model by another “concerned parent,” who sent a letter to officials. “Many other parents of children in Orange County Schools are also participants in OnlyFans as well as other adult oriented professions, such as topless dancing, adult-themed acting, online sexting, among others,” her attorneys John Zielinski and Mark NeJame said in a statement Wednesday, ClickOrlando.com reported. “To paint Ms. Triece with the modern-day equivalent of a ‘Scarlet Letter’ has left Ms. Triece with no other option other than filing suit,” they added. The suit is the second for Triece over her bawdy ban. In 2022, she sought to force the district to reverse the decision, but Circuit Judge Paetra Brownlee ruled that Triece “does not have an unequivocal legal right to participate” in the school program. Now Triece and her legal team have returned to court with a new complaint, that explicit images attached to the anonymous email were “circulated … to OCPS staff and employees that were not in need of the information,” the Orlando Sentinel reported. “I was a little bit in shock, honestly,” she said. “You’re already in a situation that’s not fair to begin with and … there’s emails of your images being sent out not only within each other but also to media. It’s just wild to me.” Triece had volunteered for five years before being booted when Sand Lake Elementary Principal Kathleen Phillips learned about her X-rated side gig on the subscription-based OnlyFans. “What she was doing, what she does in her off-time, it’s not illegal. But yet, we have a morality police with the Orange County School Board and whatever administrators made this horrific decision,” NeJame said, the Sentinel reported. The lawyers said the only factor listed that disqualifies volunteers is a criminal record, which their client does not have. Triece, whose postings were not a secret, also said she always dressed appropriately on school grounds. During a news conference Wednesday, Triece and her legal team said they filed the lawsuit to make sure this doesn’t happen to any other parent.“The main reason I’m doing this is not for myself. I can only imagine who’s been through this and couldn’t fight it and they’ve been told we don’t know how to fight this and how many people are to come that do the same exact thing I do,” she said, ClickOrlando.com reported. “And they’re going to be told one day they’re going to have somebody that just doesn’t agree morally with what they’re doing. And they’re going to have somebody do the same situation and I don’t think any mom, any dad, anybody in the position that I’m in should be going through that,” Triece added. She said she may still volunteer in her younger child’s classroom — but only virtually, according to the outlet. “So I buy all the stuff, I get brought in or taken in, and I plan whatever parties they need to donate, whatever they need to the class, whatever they need for the parties,” Triece said. “I do it all, but I do it all like a robot, you know, sitting behind the screen, trying to manage everything,” she added. NeJame said he and his client will leave it up to a jury to decide what damages she will get, WESH reported. In 2021, he vowed to seek $1 million in the case. “The fact is we’re going to be seeking maximum damages and then allow a jury to determine what it costs somebody to be taken from their child, what it costs somebody not to be able to participate in their child’s lives, what it costs somebody to be having this publicly exposed,” NeJame said. District spokesman Michael Ollendorff declined to comment to the Sentinel, citing the protocol to not discuss pending litigation.