The Florida retreat that Barbara Walters purchased in 2014 — the same year she announced her retirement — was put on the market shortly after her dementia diagnosis took a turn for the worse. Walters, a broadcast media legend who passed away at age 93 just before the new year, purchased the three-bedroom, four-bath waterfront condo in Naples for $3.4 million. Two years later, in April 2016, she transferred the unit to her daughter, Jaqueline Dena Guber, records obtained by The Post show. Walters adopted Guber in 1968. Guber, 54, then listed the home three months later for $6.78 million. The home spent time on and off the market until September 2018, when it sold for $5.35 million. “It was supposed to be her place to retreat, but unfortunately her health deteriorated pretty quickly in the last few years and we just knew she would best be accommodated in New York,” a source told The Post. Spanning more than 4,500 square feet, the unit features a den, two primary suites, and a designer kitchen with a marbled waterfall-edge counter and a marble backsplash. That kitchen comes with a six-burner gas cooktop, two wall ovens, a warming drawer, a full butler’s pantry with an additional dishwasher and a wine fridge, the previous listing notes. The primary ensuite bathrooms boast dual vanities, natural stone flooring, a walk-in closet and sitting rooms. Known as the Moraya Bay, the luxe building has a concierge service, a private beach club, a large state-of-the-art fitness center and full security. Meanwhile, in New York City, Walters had lived in the same Upper East Side apartment overlooking Central Park since 1989. In late 2017, Walters was diagnosed with dementia and it progressed quickly. She spent the final years of her life isolated in her home, wheelchair bound. “Barbara Walters passed away peacefully in her home surrounded by loved ones. She lived her life with no regrets. She was a trailblazer not only for female journalists, but for all women,” representative Cindi Berger said in a statement.