King Charles has sensationally sent his disgraced brother Prince Andrew packing, according to reports. The scandal-scarred royal, who was famously stripped of his royal and military honors by his late mother, Queen Elizabeth II, has been told to find a new place to live immediately, the Sun reports. “The king has made it clear that Buckingham Palace is no place for Prince Andrew,” a source told the outlet of the decision, which comes just months before King Charles III’s coronation, set for May 6. Andrew, who has had his back against the wall since his alleged friendship with disgraced financier Jeffrey Epstein came to light, has been told “there is no longer any place” for him at Buckingham Palace, the official royal residence. A 10-year-long renovation, costing upward of $400 million, is reportedly due to take place at the palace, which includes Andrew’s suite, known as the Chamber Floor. “First his office closed last year and now his sleeping quarters,” the insider told the Sun. “Andrew loved having a suite at Buckingham Palace, where he was not only set up for marital life with Sarah Ferguson but used it as a bachelor’s pad after his divorce.” “He brought back a string of new girlfriends to his home in the palace — even model Caprice. A bachelor’s flat in St James’ Palace doesn’t have the same allure for a single man,” the source added. If Andrew wishes to stay in London, King Charles has reportedly told him that his only other option is his other royal residence, St. James’. Andrew also shares a 31-room Royal Lodge mansion in Windsor with his ex-wife, Sarah Ferguson. The eviction serves as a fresh blow to Andrew, who was kicked out of his Buckingham Palace office last year. “Any presence at the palace is officially over,” a source told the outlet in December. “The king has made it clear. He isn’t a working royal. He’s on his own.” Andrew, who was barred from using his HRH (“His Royal Highness”) moniker following his association with pedophile Epstein, also lost his patronages last year. While he is still a Royal Knight of the Garter and a Knight Grand Cross of the Royal Victorian Order, he was told face to face by his mother that he would no longer be known as His Royal Highness. The monarch, who was 94 when she died in September, broke the news to the father of two at Windsor Castle in January last year. That same month, she also took away his military titles. “With the Queen’s approval and agreement, the Duke of York’s military affiliations and royal patronages have been returned to the Queen,” Buckingham Palace said in a statement at the time. The retraction of Andrew’s official royal labels came amid his sexual assault case filed by Virginia Giuffre, who has long claimed that Epstein made her have “disgusting” sex with the royal three times, starting in 2001 when she was just 17. Andrew’s lawyers say he “unequivocally denies Giuffre’s false allegations against him.” He settled the case out of court for an undisclosed sum last February. Epstein died behind bars in 2019 while awaiting trial on child sex-trafficking charges. Andrew — who was famously photographed by The Post strolling with the pedophile in 2011 following Epstein’s first release from prison — has denied knowing anything about Epstein’s illegal behavior. Prince Harry recently slammed his uncle in his new memoir, “Spare,” over his connections to Epstein. The Post has reached out to Buckingham Palace for comment.