This doggy detective sniffed out a serious problem. A Missouri mama says her clever canine alerted her to the fact she had a urinary tract infection when she was 8 months pregnant. Brittany Welsh, 30, recorded a video of her loyal golden retriever, Charlie, nudging her burgeoning belly with his wet nose and attempting to elevate her legs by resting them on his back. The pregnant woman subsequently shared the footage to TikTok, with the clip clocking more than 1.2 million views. Charlie’s odd behavior prompted Welsh to seek medical attention, where the doctor diagnosed her with a UTI. “I seriously don’t deserve him,” Welsh wrote of Charlie in the caption of her viral clip. According to the American Pregnancy Association, UTIs are common among expectant mothers, who are most at risk between weeks 6 and 24 due to “changes in the urinary tract.” If it goes untreated, the UTI can cause a kidney infection, which can result in early labor and a low birth weight of the infant. Drinking six to eight glasses of water a day, taking vitamin C, avoiding tight-fitting pants and refraining from soaking in tubs for longer than 30 minutes are a few of the ways UTIs can be prevented. Thankfully, Welsh was given “a bunch of medications” and was sent home a few hours after arriving at the doctor. She went on to give birth to a healthy baby girl and credits her canine for helping the final month of her pregnancy go smoothly. According to a 2016 study published in Open Forum Infectious Diseases and cited by Statnews, “researchers spent eight weeks training five Labrador and golden retriever dogs to identify infected urine, and then let them loose on hundreds of mostly female samples.” The results found that the canines were able to detect samples contaminated with four different bacteria with at least 90% accuracy. Meanwhile, viewers in the comments section beneath Welsh’s clip were blown away by Charlie’s actions, with some saying their own dogs had helped alert them to other medical issues. “My dog told me once trying to tell me I had a heart issue and sure enough, I did,” one user declared. “Animals know. Worked at a vet clinic and one of our techs had seizures. Her service dog would give her about a 5-10 minute warning of an episode,” another proclaimed. Several mamas also stated that their dogs knew when they were about to give birth. “Mine woke me up at 5 a.m., nudging my stomach and whining. I stood up and my water broke,” one woman shared. A second cooed: “My dog knew both times I was going into labor before I did. Dogs are amazing!”