The 2022 NFL season took an emotional and physical toll on Buccaneers quarterback Tom Brady. In a new report published Thursday by ESPN’s Jeff Darlington, the 45-year-old Brady is said to have lost 15 pounds during the season, which saw his Buccaneers struggle throughout, all while coping with his divorce from wife Gisele Bündchen. “When Brady sat quietly at his locker after an Oct. 27 loss to the Ravens, marking his first three-game losing streak in two decades, the truth of his pain would be revealed the following morning,” Darlington detailed in his report, referencing Brady’s social media statement confirming that the QB and Bündchen, 42, were ending their 13-year marriage. In the months following Brady’s bombshell divorce announcement, Tampa Bay managed to reach the wild-card round of the playoffs despite an 8-9 regular-season record. The Buccaneers were then eliminated following an ugly 31-14 loss to the Cowboys this month. Brady, who ended his 40-day retirement in March 2022 to return for his 23rd NFL season, said in his postgame press conference that “it’ll just be one day at a time” in regard to making a decision about his future. Set to become a free agent, Brady — a seven-time Super Bowl champion — could potentially decide to play elsewhere or move on to the Fox Sports team, whom he agreed to join as their lead NFL analyst upon his retirement. Darlington believes Brady “needs to heal” before making a final call on what’s next. When appearing on his SiriusXM “Let’s Go!” podcast earlier this week, Brady made it explicitly clear no decision has been made. “If I knew what I was going to f–king do, I’d have already f–king done it,” he said. “I’m taking it a day at a time.” With what’s certain to be a wild offseason ahead, Brady is keeping the focus on his family, even touring a private Miami school for his kids earlier this week. Brady shares son Benjamin, 13, and daughter Vivian, 10, with Bündchen. He also co-parents son Jack, 15, with his ex, Bridget Moynahan.