Austin Butler, who portrayed Elvis Presley in the 2022 biopic “Elvis,” is paying tribute to Lisa Marie Presley following her untimely death Thursday. “My heart is completely shattered for Riley, Finley, Harper and Priscilla at the tragic and unexpected loss of Lisa Marie,” Butler said in a Friday statement to The Post. “I am eternally grateful for the time I was lucky enough to be near her bright light and will forever cherish the quiet moments we shared. Her warmth, her love, and her authenticity will always be remembered,” he added. Presley died at the age of 54 after her heart stopped twice and she was pronounced brain dead, according to TMZ sources. After she was rushed to the hospital, doctors reportedly put her in an induced coma, and she was on life support, the outlet reported. Presley’s family allegedly signed a do not resuscitate order. She was pronounced dead after the second cardiac arrest, per TMZ. Presley attended the Golden Globes on Tuesday alongside her mother, Priscilla, 77, to watch Butler, 31, score an award for his portrayal of The King in Baz Luhrmann’s 2022 film. “Lisa Marie, Priscilla, I’ll love you forever,” Butler said during his acceptance speech. At the ceremony, Presley appeared unsteady on her feet in behind-the-scenes footage and spoke slowly in pre-show interviews. A TikTok shared Wednesday showed her walking with Butler, at times shuffling and stumbling and seeming to need support. Luhrmann paid tribute to Presley earlier Friday in an Instagram post, captioning a photo of Presley and Butler, “Over the last year, the entire Elvis movie family and I have felt the privilege of Lisa Marie’s kind embrace.” “Her sudden, shocking loss has devastated people all around the world. I know her fans everywhere join me in sharing prayers of love and support with her mother, Priscilla, and her wonderful daughters Riley, Finley and Harper. Lisa Marie, we will miss your warmth, your smile, your love,” he ended. Presley gushed about Butler’s “Elvis” performance on the Golden Globes red carpet, telling “Entertainment Tonight,” “I really didn’t know what to do with myself after I saw it.” “I had to take, like, five days to process it because it was so incredible and so spot on and just so authentic that, yeah, I can’t even describe what it meant,” she said of the film. Presley is survived by her 14-year-old twin daughters, Harper and Finley Lockwood, in addition to actress Riley Keough, 33. She is due to be buried next to her late son, Benjamin Keough, at Graceland, her father’s sprawling Memphis estate.