The Giants could try to scheme up a dozen different ways to contain the NFL’s best receiver, but it would be a lot easier to just ask Adoree’ Jackson to handle the job. Jackson, who missed the final seven games of the regular season with a reported sprained MCL, was limited in Wednesday’s practice, as has been the case in recent weeks. After receiving extra attention from a trainer at the start of practice, the veteran cornerback said he is “not sure” if he will return Sunday to match up with the Vikings’ Justin Jefferson in the Giants’ wild-card contest, but safety Xavier McKinney provided a more encouraging forecast. “He’s going to be there, for sure,” McKinney laughed. “Even when me and Adoree’ are out there, they’re going to make plays on Sunday.” Jefferson toasted the Giants (mostly No. 2 cornerback Fabian Moreau) for 12 catches, 133 yards and a touchdown on Christmas Eve. McKinney also missed that game, a 27-24 loss, with a broken hand but since has returned. “I’m staying positive, understanding that whatever day it is, it’s better than the day before,” Jackson said, adding that he didn’t have a setback in his recovery. “I don’t question the timing or the process of anything.” If he returns, Jackson offers two benefits: a tougher challenge for Jefferson after his NFL-leading 1,809 receiving yards and an experienced playoff voice (six postseason games with the Titans) to lend to young teammates. “No matter how badly I’m dying to be out there, if I know I’m not able to play, I wouldn’t put myself in that position or put my team in any harm’s way,” Jackson said. “We’re still taking it day by day.” Head coach Brian Daboll, who is always tight-lipped on injuries, said he was “encouraged” by Jackson’s status. “What these practices are still for is testing everything while I’m out there,” Jackson said. “Just to make sure the coaches are comfortable and can trust me being out there, not having any setbacks. Practice doesn’t really correlate to a game — the amount of reps, the amount of things you are doing, the different movements. Every day I’m pushing myself.”