Amanda, please! Amanda Bynes is heading to ’90s Con this spring to be a part of the “All That” panel alongside her old castmates Kel Mitchell, Danny Tamberelli and Lori Beth Denberg. The nostalgia-rich convention, which is reuniting the casts from several iconic ’90s productions, will be held at the Connecticut Convention Center from March 17-19, where fans will get a chance to catch up with — and potentially meet — their favorite childhood performers. “I’m really excited to reunite with my cast mates and meet the fans at ’90s Con,” Bynes, 36, said in a statement to People. In his own statement, Mitchell said, “Last year, I had a blast at ’90s Con promoting my book and new single ‘Blessed Mode.’ What better way to return than with the ‘All That’ gang … including Amanda Bynes who will be joining Danny, Lori Beth, and me this year.” “I can’t wait to see all the 90’s fashion the fans are bringing this year,” the “Kenan & Kel” star continued. “’90s Con is a whole vibe! Let’s go!” The kid-centered variety show originally aired for 10 seasons between 1994 and 2005, followed by an 11th “revival” season in 2019, produced by “Saturday Night Live” veteran and “All That” alum Kenan Thompson. Outside the Nickelodeon canon, the schedule also features casts from “Sabrina the Teenage Witch,” including Melissa Joan Hart, Caroline Rhea, Beth Broderick and Nate Richert; “Saved by the Bell” alums Mark-Paul Gosselaar, Mario Lopez and Elizabeth Berkley; and “Hocus Pocus” actors Omri Katz, Thora Birch and Vinessa Shaw will also be attending. The event also promises a life-size replica of Nickelodeon’s Big Orange Couch, available for the ultimate ’90s kid photo opp. Bynes got her start in the entertainment biz in 1996 while starring on the Nickelodeon comedy sketch series and eventually scored her own spinoff, “The Amanda Show,” in 1999. The “Easy A” actress’ ’90s Con appearance will be her most recent gig to date. She announced her hiatus from acting in 2010 as rumors of substance abuse brewed. Following a very public breakdown, Bynes was court-ordered into a conservatorship under her family’s watch in August 2013. Meanwhile, she enrolled at the Fashion Institute of Design & Merchandising in January 2014, then graduated in 2019. Bynes’ conservatorship ended in March 2022. And by October of the same year, she’d entered cosmetology school to become a licensed manicurist. Following the end of her conservatorship, the “She’s the Man” actress said she was “flooded” with TV offers. However, her lawyer, David A. Esquibias, told Entertainment Tonight in March that Bynes was “not ready to talk and is laying low for a while.” Bynes’ “What I Like About You” co-star Jennie Garth previously suggested that their 2002 WB sitcom could be revived during an interview on the “Behind the Velvet Rope With David Yontef” podcast that aired last May. “I would want to do the show with Amanda. That would be what I would want to do,” Garth, 50, said at the time. “I would just want to make sure she was in a place where she wanted to do it and what she wanted to focus on.”