A Brooklyn street gang that worked out of a Canarsie housing project was knocked out of commission Wednesday as federal prosecutors charged four reputed members with running the major gun- and drug-peddling operation. Investigators uncovered a deadly pipeline that brought illegal guns from Virginia into the Big Apple, where the weapons — along with cocaine and fentanyl — were sold, often in broad daylight and in crowded public areas, prosecutors said. Some of the weapons — which included hard-to-trace “ghost guns” — were tied to shootings in Brooklyn, including one on Aug. 21, 2021 at a Bedford-Stuyvesant family gathering that left eight people wounded. Charged in the indictment are David McCann, Tajhai Jones, Raymond Minaya and Calvin Tabron for allegedly conspiring to traffic drugs and dozens of guns, prosecutors said. The busts, announced by US Attorney Breon Peace and the NYPD, mark the first implementation of the federal Bipartisan Safer Communities Act. The law allowed prosecutors to “streamline” the Brooklyn case by allowing the to charge gun trafficking conspiracy “as a standalone federal crime,” Peace said. “By charging the defendants today, our office and our law enforcement partners have interrupted a network of firearm traffickers that endangers our community,” he said. “We are demonstrating that we are prepared to use all the tools at our disposal — new and old — to combat gun violence,” Peace said. “And reducing gun violence will always be one of the foremost priorities of this office.” During the course of the year-long investigation, authorities were able to make undercover purchases of more than 50 illegal guns and over a kilo of fentanyl, along with other drugs, prosecutors said. “Many of these transactions took place during the day in the summer at the Canarsie Pier, which we know is a popular recreational area where scores of Brooklyn families picnic and play with their children in the playground,” Peace said at a press conference. The joint Brooklyn operation began in January 2022 at the troubled Breukelen Houses public housing complex in Canarsie following repeated complaints to cops at the NYPD’s 69th Precinct about violence and drug activity. “We cannot do anything in the city without our communities and all across the city,” NYPD Commissioner Keechant Sewell said at the press conference. “We are hearing more and more that people want the police to do their jobs, to be able to stop the crime and to be able to stop the violence,” Sewell said. “And so we appreciate wholeheartedly the community members that came forward to give us this information and we encouraged more people to work in collaboration with the department because the police are the community.” The Bipartisan Safer Communities Act, which was signed into law by President Biden in June, called for enhanced background checks on the youngest gun buyers, provides millions for mental health services and gives the states an incentive to pass red flag laws. Earlier this month, the US Department of Health and Human Services awarded $245 million to state agencies for mental health and health care services. The Brooklyn operation paired the federal Drug Enforcement Administration and the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives with the NYPD.