New Year, New Me mindset is good for a lot of things. It might lead you to finally put together that home gym and commit to a brand-new fitness regimen. It might influence you to pick up a few more books this year and finally become a Ph.D.-level expert on what sorts of creams Prince Harry has ever put on certain frostbitten body parts. It might cause you to investigate your time management skills and decide to plan your Valentine’s Day early, getting those gifts in before you’re forced to settle for a CVS teddy bear. But just because it’s 2023 and there’s a whole new you out there doesn’t mean you have to stop shopping at old favorites, especially when they’re hosting a blowout Winter Sale. This week, treat your new self to new savings by way of a brand you’ve loved since high school. For a limited time, Abercrombie is hosting a Winter Sale, offering 50% off of select styles, plus an extra 20% off of almost everything. It’s sort of like two sales at once. To celebrate, we’ve picked out our favorite Men’s and Women’s sale items, conveniently accessible by the button below. So read on, click through, and honor the old you along with the new. Save over $60 on these faux-leather pants, and revel in eco-conscious chic. Best of all, they’re somehow machine-washable. Don’t ask us how; it’ll take too long to explain, and we’d suggest you hop on this deal while there’s still time. Designed to hug and accentuate bigger curves, these Curve Love High Rise Skinny Jeans are a must-have for anyone who has ever longed to be more comfortable in their denim. Sometimes the most important sale items are the essentials. Nab this 2-Pack of Knotted Crew Tees for just $30 during Abercrombie’s Winter Sale, and score two comfortable base layers for the price of one. Who needs skinny jeans when wide-legged pants are all the rage? These Tailored Lightweight Drapey Wide Leg Pants are more than half-off for Abercrombie’s Winter Sale. Grab yourself a spring coat early and for less during Abercrombie’s Winter Sale. This Traveler Jacket is perfect for the rainier months, with pocket space to spare. We might take back what we said about New Year, New You earlier. This Rugby Polo is so cute that you might have to join a rugby league after buying it. Plus, it’s less than a third of the original price. As they say in rugby: score! For those days when it seems like you just can’t get cozy enough, this Mixed Texture Sherpa Jacket is marked down to just $32 from $100. Warm up for less this winter. It’s giving…lawyer. But, like, a good lawyer. A professional lawyer with a great Wool-Blend Mod Coat that she bought for over $100 off. A lawyer who knows a good deal (and a good jacket) when she sees one. Less lawyer and more globe-trotting spy, or international art thief, this Vegan Leather Trench Coat is perfect for letting people around you know you have an intriguing secret and that you like saving $80 on your winter wear. We know, we know: we’re getting a little ahead of ourselves putting this summer dress on our list for a Winter Sale, but think about how good this Button-Through Maxi Dress will look at a picnic, or a backyard party, come July. Who couldn’t use an extra pair of versatile pants? A pair that looks as good at the office as they do getting after-work drinks? Take a look at these, and save $30 on these Super Skinny Chinos during Abercrombie’s Winter Sale. The ’70s called, and they think you’d look great in this shirt. Save over $35 on this Border Stipe Button-Through Sweater Polo during Abercrombie’s Winter Sale, as long as you’re fine with everyone asking you where you bought your shirt every time you wear it. Somehow, this Essential Jersey Turtleneck is just $16 (or more than half off its original price) for Abercrombie’s Winter Sale. We’re still deep in layering season, and this turtleneck is a perfect base layer to slap three more sweaters on top of. Speaking of layering, how about capping the whole ‘fit off with a vest? Try this Men’s PrimeLoft Lightweight Puffer Vest, save almost $30, and never get worried about feeling chilly on your winter walks again. Ok, just one more. The ’90s called, and they think you’d look great in this shirt. Save over $40 on this super-soft texturized flannel shirt, available in 10 handsome colorways. And don’t forget: we have tickets to the Pearl Jam show later! Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.  