A woman felt haunted by her history of being ghosted by dates — so she decided to find out why it kept happening. TikToker Stephanie D’Agostini, who goes by the handle @stefdag, created an “exit survey” to send to her exes and dates who left her without saying a word. In the recent clip, which boasts almost 90,000 views, she broke down her questionnaire and even offered PDF versions for other users to download should they decide to use the survey for themselves. D’Agostini sent the questions to a recent ex — who has yet to respond. “So I recently got ghosted by a guy who I didn’t even like, which was obviously devastating, and I emailed him this ghosting exit survey to fill out,” she says in her TikTok video. “And feel free to use this at your leisure,” she adds, urging her followers to also take part in the feedback. The first question reads: “Please provide a one to two sentence example of why you did it.” “I just thought it would be nice to give some examples off the top of my head, like you were intimidated by my beauty, you hate yourself, you’re broken, I’m too good for you. Like whatever comes to mind,” D’Agostini explains. The second inquiry states: “Please circle if I am more cute, hot, sexy or pretty,” which she clarifies, “It’s just a rule, you have to circle all four.” “Please explain why you did not write in smart for that last question. That’s really misogynistic,” reads the next question. The last question asks the responder to “provide the names, emails and phone numbers of at least two of your exes and your birth mother” just so D’Agostini “can start a group chat.” As a bonus question, she asks the partner to select a form of compensation for her time during the relationship. “So you could opt for something simple, like sending me your passwords for various streaming services and your social security number,” she says. She offers another option: “Buy my mom a condo in Florida. With a pool, don’t skip out.” “And last but certainly not least, making me your muse and dedicating your life to winning me back,” she says. D’Agostini describes that last option as “anything from like using my voicemails in a rap song, cutting your ear off and sending it to me, publicly referring to me as ‘the one that got away,’ I don’t know. Or just like describing me as thin in a novel.” Social media users applauded D’Agostini’s endeavor and chimed in with their own experiences of being ghosted. One person revealed that she too made a survey and sent it to all of her exes. “Oh my God, this is possibly the most incredible thing I’ve ever seen,” someone wrote. “Sending this to every single ex, thanks bestie,” a commenter gushed. “I’m going to intentionally date someone and pray they ghost me so I can do this ,” another said.