From scrolling to sexy. Harvey Lindsay, 29, from Portsmouth, England, slipped into a depression after years of being bullied for his small frame — but dropping his phone and picking up some dumbbells helped him get his life on track. Now, the gym rat has gained nearly 60 pounds of muscle since overhauling his lifestyle. After blowing hours every day scrolling social media, Lindsay says he now doesn’t waste a minute of his day. “I’m motivated by how I can make life better for myself and making sure I take action rather than just thinking about it,” he told NeedToKnow.Online. Lindsay said he was brutally bullied about his size for much of his life. “At school, I was the skinny kid that everyone bullied. No one took me seriously. Every day I got called a weakling and a twig,” Lindsay recounted. “The bullying got so bad that, at one stage, not a day went by without getting a punch or a kick.” He left school at 16 and got a job but continued to feel picked on and isolated himself as colleagues continuously made comments about his weight. “The comments were mainly bantering about how I could get snapped in half. But they cut deep, because I knew it was true,” Lindsay said. “I was weak and skinny — and people comfortably expressed it to me.” He finally had enough when he noticed that he spent about 10 hours a day scrolling through social media wanting other people’s lives. “I didn’t want to carry on anymore, and I couldn’t think of a way to make life better for myself,” he remembered. Lindsay would sit at home alone, spending hours constantly switching from Facebook, Twitter, Instagram and Snapchat. “It got to a point where I’d close one app, open another, close it then open another. I was seeing other people doing the things I wish I was doing, which made me feel worse about myself,” he said. Finally, Lindsay became determined to break out of his depression and sought professional help. His doctor suggested that Lindsay begin by finding something that makes him happy. That’s when he decided to try going to the gym, knowing that it would get him out of the house and “focused on something positive.” “From that day I have been climbing mentally and physically,” he proudly exclaimed. “At the gym I made friends, and I gradually started gaining weight and muscle. It was a process, but one of the best things I have done for myself and one I encourage others to do.” “It has kept me focused, given me confidence and kept me busy and active. I have an identity now. People treat me with respect and take me seriously.” On top of working out, Lindsay also became very serious about his nutrition and now eats a shocking 3,000 calories a day. He also rarely uses his phone, and leaves it on airplane mode when he can. He insists that ditching social media, working out and taking care of his nutrition has bettered all aspects of his life, from his physical health to his career. “I think it all stems from pushing myself and never becoming stagnant. And that’s what the gym teaches you,” Lindsay said. “You have to keep pushing yourself, you have to keep changing the routine and you cannot quit, because the only thing you’re quitting on is yourself.”