An NYPD captain who was accused in a lawsuit of raping a subordinate “nearly every game day” for a year at Yankee Stadium has been fired, according to internal documents obtained by The Post this week. Former Capt. Jeffrey Brienza, 49, was canned in October after he pleaded guilty to six administrative charges, including discrimination, fraternization, violation of patrol rules and unauthorized searches through department databases, the records show. Brienza was accused in a December 2021 lawsuit of repeatedly raping a since-retired cop while the two were assigned to the cushy Yankee Stadium detail. Gillian Roberts said the alleged abuse by Brienza, then her boss at the 44th Precinct, made her feel “she was no longer there to perform the duties of a police officer, but to provide unconsented sex to the Captain,” according to her Bronx Supreme Court suit. Brienza allegedly became “possessive” and changed her schedule to make sure he would have more time with her, according to the lawsuit. He allegedly raped her “nearly every game day” and “most non-game days when they were on duty at the same time when he would arrange for them to be alone,” the filing states. Roberts reported the alleged abuse by Brienza to the Internal Affairs Bureau, which launched an investigation, and she took an early retirement two months later. He was fired Oct. 21, 2022, according to the department documents. The NYPD did not say whether the administrative charges Brienza pleaded to, and his termination, were connected to the rape accusations. The NYPD only publicizes the outcome of internal cases if they make it to trial, and Brienza’s did not, as it appears he cut a plea deal with the department. But Roberts’ attorney Fred Lichtmacher told The Post, “I cannot imagine that it was not connected to my client’s case.” “It’s really nice to see the NYPD is doing the right thing when they find one of their own isn’t doing the right thing,” Lichtmacher  told The Post, adding, “It’s very hard for the NYPD to go after white shirts.” Brienza could not be reached for comment Wednesday.