If you long for those effortless beach curls or simply have curls that need the frizz tamed, a woman on TikTok has a nifty trick for you. Liz Fox Roseberry (aka @foxcraftcustom) has shared her ultimate hack for perfect ringlets using an unsuspecting item from your kitchen. Ditching the usual diffuser attachment on a hair dryer that most ladies with curly hair would use, Roseberry hints that she stumbled on the hack by accident. “Just learned that my pasta strainer is better at diffusing my waves than my diffuser,” she captioned the brief video. The video is just five seconds long but has quickly gone viral and attracted over 13 million viewers. Many were keen to try the hack at home. “I will be doing this,” one fan commented. “OMG I can tell this is gonna be a game changer,” another added. Another mind-blown follower wrote, “Whaaatttt ” While others said they have been doing this trick for years, “I always refer to drying my curls as cooking my noodles because this is how I do it,” said one, while some were worried that the metal would heat up too much and burn the hair. “I was worried about that and kept checking! I kept the dryer on high heat but low power & it never got HOT. Just a little warm- tbh probably helps!” Roseberry shared with some concerned people. Even the creator herself was blown away by how well the hack worked on her hair, writing, “I can’t tell the difference between genius and crazy anymore lol.” Acknowledging just how popular the post was, Roseberry decided to follow up with a tutorial on how she achieved the look so easily. Grabbing all the tools she needs (a bowl, curling cream, dryer, and strainer) Roseberry explains how the first and very important step in getting the curls you want is to do the “plop method”. The plop method is basically dunking your hair in a bowl of water and following it up with a little scrunch and application of a product of your choice. She then dries the hair briefly with a towel and wraps it in a t-shirt for 30 minutes to remove any excess moisture before busting out the strainer to dry.