If anyone seems right for an alternative broadcast, it is Bill Walton. While it could be argued that any call the Hall of Famer is on is its own unique experience in itself, Walton is getting his own branded series of games on the NBA’s League Pass via its app. Beginning Monday with Spurs at Trail Blazers, the “Throw it down with Bill Walton” alternate broadcast series will tip off for the first of five shows, all on Mondays. What will it be like? Let’s let the 70-year-old Walton tell you. “We’ve got the NBA intergalactic platform,” Walton told The Post. “We’ve got the world’s greatest basketball players. We’ve got the business. We’ve got the entertainment. We’ve got the sports world. We’ve got the celebration of life and health and all good things here. We have fantastic guests. I’m the luckiest guy in the world. We are set for blastoff and the volcanic eruption on Monday night Jan. 23. Seven o’clock Pacific time, be there. Miss this at your own peril. You’ve been suitably warned. I’m fired up. “’Throw It Down’ will be like life. It will be like an incredible book. It will be a phenomenal concert. It will be an extraordinary basketball game. It will represent everything that’s good in life, in sports, the NBA business, in the world. But one of the things that I love so much about all the things that I just mentioned, you have no idea. You have a dream. You have a vision. But you have no idea how it’s going to play out. It’s going to be live.” Fox Sports’ Jason Benetti will serve as Walton’s co-pilot and, for the first show, he will be at Walton’s San Diego home. This Monday, guests will include Julius Erving and Nike co-founder Phil Knight. “One of the reasons that I am so excited — and there are countless reasons why I’m so excited — about all this is the genius capabilities of Jason Benetti, who I’ve worked with in the past,” Walton said. “He is a phenomenal conversationalist, quick-witted as can be and interesting, intriguing, inspirational, fun, all the things that I look for in life. And to have it in conjunction with the NBA, the NBA is the best of the best in every way. And this is my 49th year in the NBA. I started back when I was 21 years old in 1974 and to still be involved and to still have this phenomenal opportunity. And I love the pressure. I love the responsibility. I love the duty and obligation that comes with a great opportunity like this and it’s a real privilege. I’m fired up and ready to go.” Walton will continue to call games for ESPN and the Pac-12. The Walton experience will be available for the Knicks and Celtics game on Feb. 27.