There’s a new moon rising and a fresh sun sign ruling the skies. The first new moon of the new year is here, culminating on January 21, 2023, at 3:52 PM EST at 1 degrees of Aquarius. After the cardinal earth of Capricorn season we are back in the water bearing arms of Aquarius and though the feeling is more air hug than warm embrace, Aquarius brings with it the gift of objectivity and the vantage of the wisened outsider. Add to the mix that this new moon is in the first degree of Aquarius, signifying a bold, beautiful beginning. This new moon also coincides with lunar new year celebrations around the world. Learn more about your Chinese zodiac sign here and be sure to read our predictions for your sign as we enter the year of the water rabbit. If the new year has thus far felt more like familiar drudgery than a fresh start, the energy of Aquarius should serve to enliven and alleviate. Mars, planet of will and Mercury, planet of communication are both stationing direct by the time this new moon rolls around but we are still in the shadow periods of those respective retrogrades, signaling a time to take stock, zoom out and plot course. These retrograde shadows find commonality with the new moon which is itself a time of darkness, a pitch back to black and a blank slate before becoming. We’re rising up out of the underworld folks but it’s a slow dance towards the light, move with purpose and patience. Bear in mind that Aquarius has two planetary rulers, structured Saturn and wild out Uranus, imbuing the sign with the spirit of the applied revolutionary. Luminary, activist, prison abolitionist and double Aquarius (sun and moon) Angela Davis reminds us, “You have to act as if it were possible to radically transform the world. And you have to do it all the time.” This is an encapsulation of the Aquarius spirit, the constant tending to the impossible and the vigilant dismantling of self-limiting beliefs. Read on to see how the January 2023 new moon in Aquarius will affect your zodiac sign and be sure to read for both your sun and rising signs. You are the flame during this new moon Aries and friends will flock like moths to be near your singular brand of fire. Do not dim or engulf but try instead to be your truest self and see who steps closer. These are your people. When it comes to career Taurus, it ain’t all about getting rich but feeling enriched. You are never at a lack for drive but at times you forget to raise your head up from your work to think about what it’s all for. Gains be damned, if you aren’t evolving you aren’t advancing. Mind expansion is on the forefront for you, Gemini. Make a mood board of places you’d like to go, skills you’d like to sharpen, people you want to learn from and ways you want to feel. Add to it, stick to it and gag order anything that says you can’t do it. This new moon sees you searching the shadow realm of your eighth house of sex, death and regeneration Cancer. Sometimes what scares you the most is your own needing but this new moon if you can own it and name it you are capable of taking control of it. This new moon is all about new partnerships for you, Leo. When the sky goes dark you are given the chance to dream up the kind of mate you need but have yet to meet. Be specific, be greedy, be wildly optimistic but above all be open to the possibility that you just might get and wholly deserve everything you ask for. Habit and habitat share the same root, Virgo and never is the relationship between the two more pronounced than in the daily rituals you cast and routines you complete. If you don’t like what your life looks like, consider cleaning house and amending habit to make room for a new kind of nesting. Attention Libra, your inner child is standing at the ready with skinned knees, open eyes and a fist full of sidewalk chalk. During the darkness of this new moon you have the opportunity, neigh, the obligation to create something out of, and ulitimately for, the kid that you were. What is home to you, Scorpio? Where do you feel it, how do you make it and how do you separate comfort from containment? Heady themes on the tail, or bedrock of an already trying few months but remember that it’s never too late to take yourself down to the studs,  make room for skylight or two or build an entirely new addition. Communication is not simply about trading words, Sagittarius. If you’re brave enough, exchange can be exalted to communion. Let what you say pave the way to being seen and what you don’t say stand as an invitation to another person’s strangeness. You bear the mark of the eternal hustler, Capricorn always with an eye cast on what you could be doing and the money you could be making. This new moon calls you to evaluate not only how you hustle but how hard and to what end? Close the gap between what you do and what you love. You are a strange and wonderful thing Aquarius and when you choose to conform or conceal yourself you do the world a disservice. Now more than ever we need your weird A transformation is nigh and its begging you to become less fearful and more freak forward, your first step gives the rest of us permission to follow suit. Take to your bed Pisces. The new moon is activating your twelfth house of the unconscious mind. What habits and harmful narratives have you adopted or more than likely, absorbed from others? A little imposed isolation, lucid dreaming, a good psychic scrubbing and mental decluttering will get you right and ready for the year ahead. Astrology 101: Your guide to the stars Astrologer Reda Wigle researches and irreverently reports back on planetary configurations and their effect on each zodiac sign. Her horoscopes integrate history, poetry, pop culture and personal experience. She is also an accomplished writer who has profiled a variety of artists and performers, as well as extensively chronicled her experiences while traveling. Among the many intriguing topics she has tackled are cemetery etiquette, her love for dive bars, Cuban Airbnbs, a “girls guide” to strip clubs and the “weirdest” foods available abroad.