Ron Howard is paying homage to his “American Graffiti” co-star Cindy Williams, whose death at 75 after a brief illness was announced Monday. “She loved her work and her art and gave it everything that she had, and she also always found her way to put her stamp on what she was doing,” the veteran actor-director, 68, told People after news of her passing on Jan. 25 spread yesterday. “I’m glad to be able to comment on her life because she lived it with a lot of integrity. I’ve always respected her.” Howard also recalled how he last reconnected with her at an event in Palm Springs and he was so intrigued by her “intelligence, energy and sense of humor.” Williams was also the star of Howard’s TV show “Happy Days” spinoff, “Laverne & Shirley”  — which premiered in 1976. The “Beautiful Mind” and “Apollo 13” filmmaker then went on and looked back on how he had his first kissing scene with Williams during filming of George Lucas’ “American Graffiti” in 1973. “But they weren’t very romantic because she knew that she had this nervous kid on her hands and she had to take charge of the situation,” he said. “And so she was like, ‘Here’s how we got to kiss for the camera. Here’s what we have to do.’ She’s always had almost a big sister energy around me.” Howard and Williams then worked together for five years after shooting the classic coming-of-age movie co-starring future superstars Richard Dreyfuss, Harrison Ford and Suzanne Somers. He also made guest appearances on “Laverne & Shirley” during its early seasons. However, Howard explained how it was “interesting” to work alongside her in the Garry Marshall-created series. “We had terrific acting chemistry, but she always treated me like the kid,” he told the outlet. “… [She was] highly intelligent, very funny, very astute about the world around her. I’m shocked because I hadn’t seen her for years and years.” Williams’ death was announced by her children, Zak and Emily Hudson, and they released a statement through their family spokeswoman Liza Cranis on Jan. 30. “The passing of our kind, hilarious mother, Cindy Williams, has brought us insurmountable sadness that could never truly be expressed,” the statement said. “Knowing and loving her has been our joy and privilege,” the family’s statement continued. “She was one of a kind, beautiful, generous and possessed a brilliant sense of humor and a glittering spirit that everyone loved.”