President Biden and Gov. Hochul are trying to discontinue the use of natural gas in our homes for cooking and heating (“Burning mad,” Jan. 12). There is no end to what they can conjure up to make our lives less comfortable in the name of climate change. Perhaps the use of indoor plumbing is next on the agenda. We might have to go back to pumping our own water out of the ground and making regular visits to a backyard latrine or outhouse in order to conserve resources. It seems that these Democratic leaders are the biggest impediment to improving our lives through the use of fossil fuels — as well as common sense. Anthony Bruno Smithtown Charles C.W. Cooke is correct — this nonsense over gas stoves is just a distraction from the real problems plaguing everyday New Yorkers, namely crime and bail reform (“Nonsense cooked up by lefties,” Jan. 12). I don’t know how many nights Hochul stayed up concocting this nonsense, but I have a little bit of news for her — nobody cares. Get on with the crime and bail-reform issues, Governor, and maybe the press will have something decent to say about you. I’ll wait. Michael Litsios Riverdale While I thought Gov. Andrew Cuomo was dictatorial, at least he was smart. I do not want to say that Hochul isn’t intelligent, but the ban on gas stoves and gas heating is one of the least intelligent issues she can push forward. The long-range (no pun intended) effects of such a ban would be detrimental to businesses and residences who have depended on gas stoves and heating. It just does not make sense. New York residents who live with electric stoves suffer during power failures. At least a gas stove can be used to cook during these times. Janice Amitrano Staten Island Sneaky Kathy Hochul plans to end the use of gas stoves in New York state. This will hurt many restaurants, and give consumers no other choice but to use inefficient and more costly ­energy. The Democrats once again show just how eager they are to please their activist base donors at the expense of the general public. This is what you get when one party has way too much power. Gary Mottola Brooklyn Hochul and the left wokesters in our state government are joining the Consumer Product Safety Commission in proposing a ban on gas stoves. This is beyond stupid. There is no credible scientific evidence linking gas-stove emissions to asthma. Moreover, where exactly do the woke­sters think that all the electricity to power the new stoves comes from? It comes from plants that burn oil and coal, both of which emit far more greenhouse gases than natural gas. While nuclear power could have provided abundant clean power for electricity production, the left is for closing those plants down. I am perplexed. Kenneth Fitzgerald Hicksville Are you kidding me? Yet another reason people are leaving New York for Florida. I’ve seen more and more New York license plates down here, especially in the last month. I thought I’ve heard it all, but I guess not. I’m wondering what’s next. This tells me how incompetent your governor is, and how disconnected from the real problems New York has. Kevin Rosinger Ocala, Fla. Biden is considering a nationwide ban on gas stoves — gas stoves that keep you warm when landlords don’t give heat and that cook food during power outages. Will Congress provide the money to pay for electric stoves, the upgrades to homes, apartments and the power grids? Of course not. The Consumer Product Safety Commission is full of gas — and so is Biden. Robert Neglia The Bronx Want to weigh in on today’s stories? Send your thoughts (along with your full name and city of residence) to letters@nypost.com. Letters are subject to editing for clarity, length, accuracy and style.