Celebrities are remembering singer Lisa Marie Presley, the only child of Elvis and Priscilla Presley, who died Thursday at the age of 54. Priscilla, 77, confirmed her daughter’s death in a statement to The Post on Thursday. “Priscilla Presley and the Presley family are shocked and devastated by the tragic death of their beloved Lisa Marie,” the statement read. “They are profoundly grateful for the support, love and prayers of everyone, and ask for privacy during this very difficult time.” A cause of death has not been announced. Lisa Marie was hospitalized Thursday, with TMZ reporting she was in an induced coma and on life support with a temporary pacemaker after suffering a cardiac arrest. She appeared frail at the Golden Globes two days prior, looking wobbly at the ceremony and speaking slowly on the red carpet. Actress Leah Remini — who, like Lisa Marie, left the Church of Scientology — was among the first of many celebrity tributes posted to Twitter. “Thinking of and praying for Lisa Marie Presley, her three daughters, and her mom,” Remini tweeted when news broke that Presley was hospitalized. The former “King of Queens” star spoke out again upon the news of Lisa Marie’s death. “I’m heartbroken over the passing of Lisa Marie Presley,” she tweeted. “Lisa did not have an easy life, as some might think. May she be at peace, resting with her son and father now. Her mom Priscilla and her three daughters, Riley, Finley, and Harper, are in my prayers.” Actor John Travolta, who recruited Priscilla into Scientology after Elvis died in 1977, also reacted to the news. “Lisa baby girl, I’m so sorry. I’ll miss you but I know I’ll see you again. My love and heart goes out to Riley, Priscilla, Harper and Finley,” he wrote. Lisa Marie’s fourth husband Michael Lockwood, with whom she had twin daughters with, was “devastated” by her death, his lawyer, Joe Yanny, told The Post. Lockwood “would have hoped for a complete and speedy recovery because her girls needed her.  At this point, he just wishes for everyone to pray for the girls, her mother Priscilla, and everyone else who loved Lisa,” said Yanny. Yanny said the former couple worked well together to raise their daughters Harper Vivienne Ann and Finley Aaron Love, who were born in 2008. “Certainly, they had had their differences, but they were successfully co-parenting,” he said. “There is heartbreak and then there is sorrow,” Smashing Pumpkins frontman Billy Corgan tweeted alongside a picture with Lisa Marie. The two collaborated on the song “Savior” in 2003. “This would be sorrow and on more levels than I can count. Please send your prayers out for her family and children at this difficult time. I truly cannot find the words to express how sad this truly is. RIP,” Corgan wrote. “Lisa marie presley… how heartbreaking. i hope she is at peace in her dad’s arms,” country singer LeAnn Rimes tweeted. “My heart goes out to her family. too much grief in just a couple of years,” she wrote, seemingly referring to Presley’s son, Benjamin Keough, who died by suicide in 2020. “My deepest thoughts & condolences go out to the family / friends on the loss of @LisaPresley,” singer Bret Michaels tweeted. “So sad that we’ve lost another bright star in Lisa Marie Presley. My condolences to her loved ones and multitude of fans,” actress Octavia Spencer wrote. “Oh, this one hurts my heart,” singer Pink wrote in an Instagram post. “Lisa Marie, you were one of a kind. Funny as s–t, smart as a whip, sensitive, talented, witty, mean, loving, generous, judgmental but always right, loyal, and you adored your children.“My heart breaks for you and your beautiful family and your children. The world lost a rare gem today. May your soul rest in peace, friend,” she added. “So sad about Lisa Marie Presley. Oddly I was just at Graceland yesterday and took this picture,” actress Jennifer Tilly tweeted alongside a picture of a Presley grave at Graceland. “The guide was telling us that sometimes she would have dinners in the dining room, and once she had a party for her friends in the plane named after her. Rip sweet soul.” “Another person I shared deep emotion with has passed away! This is so sad & shocking! Lisa and I spent hrs on the phone as she was divorcing MJ, her son Ben was like a little brother 2 me, so much loss, so much tragedy n their family, my [heart] is with the Presleys!” actor Corey Feldman tweeted, referring to Lisa Marie’s short-lived marriage to Michael Jackson, which ended in 1995. “Our prayers are with the family [of] Lisa Marie Presley. May God rest her soul and bring comfort to her family,” former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani tweeted. The Post contacted a spokesperson for Austin Butler, who won a Golden Globe on Tuesday for portraying Elvis in Baz Luhrmann’s biopic, “Elvis.” Elvis died of cardiac arrhythmia in 1977 at the age of 42. A toxicology report released weeks after his death showed various prescription drugs in his blood. Butler and the Presley women attended the Golden Globes two days prior to Lisa Marie’s death. “Lisa Marie, Priscilla, I love you forever,” Butler said during his acceptance speech.