Love her or hate her, Julia Fox apparently wants to keep it real. The 32-year-old “Uncut Gems” star and fashion designer defended living in her recently revealed “tiny” mice-infested New York City apartment after a fan referenced her rumored net worth of $30 million. “I really wasn’t expecting my apartment tour to go so viral, and people are freaking out over it,” she said Monday in a TikTok clip made during a “birthday trip” in the Bahamas. “I just want you guys to know that, like, first of all, I’m not worth $30 million, not even close,” she confessed. “And second of all, I don’t give a f–k. I don’t need $30 million — what does one person need $30 million for? I’ve survived on a lot less and I’m doing just fine.” Fox and her ex, Peter Artemiev, share their 2-year-old son, Valentino — whose playroom, as seen in her recent apartment tour, occupies the smaller bedroom in Fox’s two-bedroom property. The bigger bedroom is also his, even though Fox claimed that the two always co-sleep in her bed, which sits in the living room. “It’s really not that deep,” she said in defending the space. “This just happens to be the apartment where I took my son home from the hospital, so it’s his home … It really is Valentino’s apartment. It’s like a sentimental thing. “That’s kind of why I’m, like, even though I could probably afford a bigger place probably, because I am in New York, after all — it’s about having that sense of normalcy for Valentino.” Fox then proclaimed that she doesn’t want her child to be spoiled by a pampered lifestyle. “I don’t want him to grow up and be, like, a f–king prick, you know what I mean? I want him to be in touch with the f–king real world because I grew up in the real world, believe it or not,” Fox continued. “I just want my son to have the same.” She also debunked the rumor that she spends lots of money on designer clothes — despite her numerous daring street-style looks and event appearances. “I don’t buy nice s–t and you guys are, like, ‘She wears thousands of dollars worth of couture.’ Borrowed couture!” Fox clarified. “Jesus Christ, come on, people. Most of the clothes I wear are, like, young designers starting out, to be honest.” Fox concluded by saying that the supportive comments from her apartment tour “warmed” her heart because “so many people could relate.” “Don’t believe everything you read on the internet — all those celebrity net worth things are complete BS,” she added. The Post has reached out to a representative for Fox for comment.