When Sarah Silverman isn’t behind the desk guest-hosting”The Daily Show” or onscreen in Bradley Cooper’s upcoming Leonard Bernstein biopic “Maestro,” you’ll most likely be able to catch her onstage in early 2023. From Jan. 27 through March 22, the “Saturday Night Live” alum is hitting comedy clubs, concert halls, casinos, theaters and auditoriums all over North America as part of her 20-show “Grow Some Lips Tour.” The run of show includes headlining gigs at Atlantic City’s Ovation Hall on Feb. 4, Huntington’s Paramount Theatre on Feb. 5 and New York City’s Beacon Theatre on March 16. She put it simply on Twitter, saying “Oh s— I’m coming for ya.” And it won’t cost an arm and a leg or even some lips when the “Grow Some Lips Tour” comes to a city “near ya.” In fact, we found tickets for select shows for on the run for as low as $49 before fees on Vivid Seats. Want to see Silverman when she comes for ya with her new material? Well, here’s everything ya need to about the “Grow Some Lips Tour.”  A complete calendar featuring all upcoming tour dates, venues and the cheapest tickets available for each show can be found below. (Note: The New York Post confirmed all above prices at the publication time. All prices are subject to fluctuation and include additional fees at checkout.) Vivid Seats is a verified secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand. They offer a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and your tickets will be delivered prior to the event.  Most would argue that a 20-show tour headlining at major venues across North America is a pretty good year in and of itself for a headlining comedian. Not Silverman though. Here’s everything the “Wreck It Ralph” and “Sarah Silverman Program” star has lined up and ready to go in 2023 in addition to the “Grow Some Lips Tour.” The Sarah Silverman Podcast where she talks about all things “big and small.” Most episodes are just Silverman talking to herself which is great for super-fans of the comic. “The Daily Show” will be hosted by a rotating cast of comics until the comedic series finds a permanent replacement for Trevor Noah. In addition to Silverman, just a few of the big names who will also sit behind the desk include Leslie Jones, Hasan Minhaj, Chelsea Handler, Wanda Sykes and Marlon Wayans. “Maestro” is set to star alongside Bradley Cooper in this much buzzed about upcoming Leonard Bernstein biopic. The film will reportedly tell the story of Bernstein’s relationship with his wife Felicia Montealgre (played by Carey Mulligan). “Stupid Pet Tricks,” based on the popular segment from David Letterman’s talk show, is being revived with Silverman at the helm. About the show, Silverman said, “The rule in show business is, ‘never work with animals or children’ but I choose to work with David Letterman anyway.” “Viral” won’t be your typical Silverman comedy. No, this indie thriller is about a man named Andrew (Blair Underwood) whose wife goes missing. SIlverman plays Andrew’s girlfriend Emilia who is also a victims advocate and self-help blogger dealing with her own demons from the past. Alfre Woodard co-stars. Silverman will also continue her long-running stint as Ollie Pesto in Fox’s acclaimed animated series “Bob’s Burgers.”  If Silverman isn’t hitting your hometown this year, we just wanted to let you know it’s not the end of the world. That’s because many of the biggest names in comedy are conducting massive, nationwide tours all year long. Here are just five of our favorites you won’t want to miss if they come to a city near you. • Jerry Seinfeld • Katt Williams • Adam Sandler • Trevor Noah • Taylor Tomlinson Still here? If so, here’s some bonus reading — check out the 51 biggest comics on tour in 2023 and thank us later.