If you waited until the last quarter to book your Super Bowl travel plans, here is your playbook for the home stretch. Now we know for certain that the two teams battling it out on Feb. 12 at State Farm Stadium in Glendale, Arizona will be the Kansas City Chiefs and the Philadelphia Eagles. Be you a fan of the midwest or the east coast, now the task at hand is getting to the wild west in time for the big game, only two Sunday’s away from right now. There are many factors involved here, should you want to head over to the game in real life, opting for a front row seat in the stadium as opposed to in front of the flatscreen. The first step is the tickets, which we broke down here in great detail. Then, gear up to book airline tickets or a car rental depending on your location, as well as a hotel stay and party plans for after the game when celebrations break out all over the U.S. — nay, the world. The exact location of Super Bowl LVII is at State Farm Stadium in Glendale, Arizona. However, the nearest airport is the Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport, which is the best bet for any flights coming from other states, which is 20 minutes outside the stadium. You can also opt for the smaller Glendale Municipal Airport, which is only 15 minutes away, however flights may be more expensive in and out of there. After arriving in Arizona, now on Mountain Time (MST) the gates to the stadium open at 12:30 p.m. (MST) on Feb. 12, and kickoff is at 4:30 p.m. Since we know there will be traffic in and around the area, it is advised to show up on the earlier side to avoid any added stress. Since the game is only a few weeks away, ticket prices aren’t too cheap. However, for this once-in-a-lifetime for many opportunity, we did track down tickets that are still available to purchase now if you act fast. Head to Vivid Seats and score tickets in a number of sections at the State Farm Stadium, as pictured in the image above. Prices currently start at $4,700 at the time of publication, but can skyrocket at any moment, so the time to buy is now. Okay you scored your tickets: now we need to *touchdown* in Glendale, Arizona. Pardon the pun, as booking a last-minute flight is no laughing matter. From Philadelphia to Phoenix, an average flight over the weekend of Feb. 10 through the 13th is looking to start at around $350 and can jump up to over $1,000 when looking for shorter layovers, according to Google Flights. That same trip but from Kansas City is looking to be a little bit less, starting around $250 and then jumping ip to around $800 and higher for non-stop flights. All hope isn’t lost, though, as the below airlines and booking sites still have seats available, and lucky fans may find discounts depending on their origin city. Book on United Airlines: Browse United’s offerings, with flights into Phoenix for as low as $90. Book on Southwest Airlines: Head to the south west via Southwest Airlines for direct flights from many U.S. destinations. Search for the best prices on Skyscanner: Look for the best deals on all airlines, with flexible dates and multiple options for departure cities. Search for the best prices on Expedia: Expedia does a great job of comparing airlines and packages side-by-side, with a calendar of booking dates and alternative airports. Start your party off right when you land in Arizona with a hotel fit for a superstar — or at least a super fan. We tracked down the best places to book in the area, keeping in mind the distance from the stadium, quality, price and availability at time of publication. VRBO Rentals: This is a great option for flexibility and larger groups, with many properties available and in close proximity to the stadium. TripAdvisor: Use this site to sort by distance to the stadium, as well as other features like included shuttle busses, free breakfast and more. Marriott Hotels: For those with Marriott rewards or just enjoy the comfort of a stunning Marriott property, opt for one of the hospitality company’s Arizona properties that still have flexible bookings in February. If you are lucky enough to live close enough to Glendale to drive, or if you need a car upon arrival to the Phoenix airport, this section is for you. There are plenty of car rental companies to choose from, but we suggest booking in advance for the best prices and car availability. AVIS: Book with AVIS for car rentals in and near Glendale, with options at the Phoenix airport, central Phoenix, Tempe and more. Expedia: Search by car type at Expedia, narrowing down the results by destination and pick-up and drop-off times as needed. Are you ready to party as soon as you arrive in Glendale? We sure hope you are, as there are an abundance of things to do in honor of the big game. Read more below for anything celebrity driven, including information on the Bud Light Super Bowl Music Fest or the free-to-attend Super Bowl Experience presented by Lowe’s. You can also opt to book other fun Phoenix experiences while you’re there using Viator as your guide to the city and surrounding area. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.