Accused college student slayer Bryan Kohberger arrived back in Idaho Wednesday night, where he was quickly booked into jail after he was extradited from Pennsylvania. Kohberger, who has been charged with killing four University of Idaho students, landed at the Pullman-Moscow Regional Airport in Washington state around 6:30 p.m. local time. He was shackled and wearing a red jumpsuit with a jacket as he was escorted off the plane by three law enforcement officers. Soon after, a police motorcade, including a silver truck from the Latah County Sheriff’s Office believed to be carrying Kohberger, drove a short distance into Idaho to the Latah County Jail, entering through an underground entrance. By 6:44 p.m., Kohberger was booked into the lockup on four murder charges and one count of burglary, records show. Kohberger is expected to make an initial appearance before the Latah County Magistrate Court Judge on Thursday. At the hearing, he will be read his rights, the charges against him and will also be appointed an attorney — which sources told The Post will be public defender Anne Taylor. He will not be asked to plead guilty or not guilty on Thursday, officials said. He will also be served his Idaho arrest warrant for four counts of first degree murder in the stabbing deaths of Ethan Chapin, 20, Xana Kernodle, 20, Kaylee Goncalves, 21, and Madison Mogen, 21 at their off-campus rental home on Nov. 13. Kohberger’s affidavit of probable cause, which has remained sealed due to Idaho state law, will become public following his appearance before a judge, revealing for the first time information on the murders and the investigation that led to his arrest. Kohberger, a 28-year-old criminology doctorate student at Washington State University in Pullman, was arrested in an early morning SWAT raid at his parents home in Albrightsville Pennsylvania on Friday. He waived his extradition back to Idaho in court on Tuesday and traveled back west on Wednesday. When his flight landed for a pit stop in Illinois, an entire airport was reportedly evacuated when Kohberger entered the building to relieve himself. Legal experts have said that Kohberger could potentially face the death penalty if convicted.