In 2023, a significant number of Rock and Roll Hall of Famers are heading out on tour. There’s Bruce Springsteen, Metallica, Santana, The Eagles and Red Hot Chili Peppers to name just a few. Now, you can add 2019 inductee Stevie Nicks to the list of timeless stars that will be taking their stable of hits to venues all over the country. Although Nicks had already announced a handful of 2023 co-headlining tour dates with Billy Joel late last year, these new ‘Live In Concert Tour” shows will put Nicks front and center. On the run of solo gigs, the former Fleetwood Mac has booked stops at arenas all over the U.S. in cities like Seattle (March 15), New Orleans (April 2), Atlanta (May 22), Orlando (May 25) and Chicago (June 23). Best of all, tickets for all shows can be secured as early as today. While inventory isn’t available on Ticketmaster until Friday, Jan. 27, fans who want to ensure they have tickets ahead of time can purchase on sites like Vivid Seats before seats are officially on sale. Vivid Seats is a secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand. They have a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and will be delivered before the event.  A complete calendar of Nicks’ solo concerts  including dates,  venues and links to buy tickets can be found below.  As noted earlier, Nicks has a handful of co-headlining gigs with the Piano Man this year. Here’s where and when you can find the two live in the next few months.  Although Nicks hasn’t released an album with new songs since 2011’s “In Your Dreams,” she has stayed active. Most recently, the 74-year-old singer put out a cover of Buffalo Springfield’s popular protest song “For What It’s Worth.” You can hear Nicks’ subdued take on the seminal classic here. Prior to the classic rock cover, Nicks dropped the original single “Show Them The Way” in 2020.  Following her 2022 induction into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, country singer Dolly Parton didn’t feel worthy. “If I’m gonna be in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, I’m gonna have to do something to earn it,” the 77-year-old said. In an interview on The View, Parton revealed she has since enlisted the talents of Stevie Nicks, Paul McCartney, John Fogerty, Steve Perry and Steven Tyler to lend an air of legitimacy to the upcoming record which will reportedly include her take on “Stairway To Heaven” and many more beloved classic rock anthems. At the time of publication, there is no release date for the as-yet-unnamed album.  As noted earlier, many of the greatest rockers in history are returning to the stage this year. Here are just five more acts enshrined in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame you can catch live in the near future. • Ringo Starr • Journey • Dead and Company (featuring John Mayer) • John Mellencamp • Depeche Mode Not enough? Check out our list of the 22 biggest classic rockers on tour in 2023.