A giant celebrity seal has made a dramatic return to a small town in Victoria, Australia by stopping traffic, smashing a servo window and attracting police attention. Super-sized seal Henry flipped flopped his way down a busy street in Point Lonsdale – a seaside town 12 miles southeast of Geelong – delighting locals with his presence. He was caught on video emerging from Port Philip Bay before sauntering his way to the parking lot and before trying to get inside a corner service station. The behemoth drew in a large crowd of delighted locals who watched as he made his way down the street and even attracted the attention of police officers who helped to clear the area. Henry has been a popular tourist attraction for years, with his size and laid-back personality nearly getting him into trouble. It has been reported in the past that the seal left dents in cars and may have even crushed a motorcycle while on a joy ride around Bellarine, Australia. Podcast host Jacqueline Felgate shared the encounter on Instagram. “I will never top this content,” she wrote. “Apparently Henry the elephant seal has been coming to the Barwon Heads region for over 10 years. “Today he had a little adventure. The man in green is a [Wildlife Victoria] worker and by all accounts did a great job getting him back in the ocean.” Her followers instantly fell in love with Henry and his antics. Other locals stated that this may not be the original Henry, but a lively relative. “Henry was a frequent visitor to Point Lonsdale and Geelong starting the early 2000s,” one wrote. “He hasn’t been seen for nearly 10 years. I would love this to be him as I used to volunteer to look after him when he was on land to keep him safe. “But I would say this is another curious seal” “My son was OBSESSED with the original Henry the seal when he was around three years old,” another said. “He is now 19, maybe this is Henry Jr?” A Victoria Police spokesman told the Herald Sun that Henry was looked after by Wildlife Victoria who eventually helped the local enigma safely back to the sea.