James Corden’s sprawling mansion in the United Kingdom has been photographed in a seemingly sad state ahead of his return to his native country. The photos — which show the property looking abandoned and boarded-up — come a few months after the comedian privately listed his $9.7 million Los Angeles home, and in the wake of being called out as “the most abusive customer” at the see-and-be-seen Manhattan brasserie Balthazar by its owner, Keith McNally — also a Brit, but one who recently gained US citizenship. These images also come nine months after Corden announced he would be leaving “The Late Late Show” in 2023 after eight years. What’s more, they also come at a time when, according to Oxford Mail, the “Gavin & Stacey” actor’s home could be demolished and replaced with a new five-bedroom structure. A planning application has been submitted to transform the home, known as Templecombe, and is expected to be razed to give way to something new. As it stands, this 43-acre, four-bedroom, three-bathroom home in Oxfordshire, near Henley-on-Thames, has fallen to disrepair after standing empty for two years. Built in the 1960s, the $8.4 million home purchased in 2020 has been boarded up after trespassers posted dozens of eerie photos, including a video tour online. The pictures show Corden’s huge indoor pool standing empty and the luxury retro interior covered in dust and grime. Meanwhile, the tennis court has been engulfed by the elements. For its part, the patio is overgrown with weeds and the electricity was said to work in only some parts of the property. “We used to know the previous owners very well many, many years ago,” one neighbor told the Daily Mail. “But I never see anyone there any more now. They’ve put a gate up that didn’t used to be there. Before, you could just drive right in.” James, 44, plans to move his family to London following the end of his US stint and recently admitted “it feels absolutely right in every single way.” Still, last April, he sold his five-story North London home for about $6.4 million. Appearing on “The Drew Barrymore Show” this week, Corden was asked why he felt now was the right time to leave his talk show after eight years. “‘Look it’s not easy in any way to walk away from something that is so … I mean I’ll never work in a better environment than the one I work in now,” Corden explained. “Nothing about leaving the show was to do with not enjoying it. I love it, but the truth is it became a very easy decision because I always knew it was an adventure and I never ever considered it to be the final destination.”