A British elementary school that now requires kids to walk with their hands behind their backs and make small talk about preassigned topics during lunch is being blasted by outraged parents who said the measures would be more appropriate in a “detention center or concentration camp.” The Harnham Junior School in Salisbury invoked a strict new curriculum that mandates that children as young as 7 adopt the awkward walking posture in an effort to prevent them from running or using their hands in ways that “might not be acceptable,” according to the Daily Mail. The children are allowed to bring their hands to their sides to keep their balance while using the stairs at the Church of England-affiliated school, the Tuesday report said. The new policies — imposed after Christmas break — also require older students to wait on younger students and clear their dishes. The students are also now made to sing a song before lunch and have discussions on preassigned topics at their tables before making a presentation on what they’ve learned during the meal, according to the article. Past topics of forced discussion and presentations have reportedly included debate over the most peaceful color and the best pet. The new strict lunchtime protocol was implemented in the hopes of reversing a “general decline in standards” and making the midday meal less “unpleasant” for some students, school officials reportedly said. Turning children into amateur waiters had not immediately turned up the decorum dial, however, with one parent claiming her sixth-grader was reprimanded because he messed up another student’s pudding order. “He told me he was told off as he got another child’s pudding order wrong and when he took it back to swap it, he was told off,” the angry mother reportedly posted on social media. “WTF, he is a child and not responsible for serving other children. Slavery was abolished hundreds of years ago!” Parents of other sixth graders claimed their kids had been so busy serving other students that they didn’t have time to eat lunch themselves, according to the Daily Mail. Members of the community were set to meet with the headmaster on Wednesday to discuss the new rules, many of which parents exaggeratedly compared to brutal prisons. “It’s all completely ridiculous. I will not have my kids being forced to walk in the halls with their hands behind their backs like they are in a detention center or concentration camp,” Tim Bevington, 41, a father of three students reportedly said. “My children are not waiters and waitresses, the kids should be responsible for their own mess,” he said. “And giving them a topic and forcing them to talk about it, in my opinion, that’s another lesson. Lunchtime should be time for them to relax and get ready for afternoon lessons.” Nick Snook, 35, whose daughters are among the more than 300 co-ed pupils that attend the school, compared the new rules to those of a “military school or prison camp.” “I don’t understand what they think the benefits of these rules will be. They seem to be punishing everyone because of a few children misbehaving,” Snook reportedly said. Another mother said she was “disgusted” with the school for not talking to them about the rules, which she reportedly claimed were making children “anxious.” In a letter to parents explaining the new “Behavioral Curriculum,” assistant headteacher Ruth Fletcher wrote that they were not consulted to prevent “unnecessary angst.” The missive reportedly explained the new rules were based on research by British and US educational authors and officials. “This isn’t something that has just been decided without any thought. Extensive research has been used, not to mention other schools visited by staff to identify what has been tried, tested and works,” Fletcher’s letter reportedly read. The educator said the new lunchtime structure and walking restrictions would create “a much calmer atmosphere” that students could “enjoy” every day, and help them expand their social circles and make new friends.