A Dutch model says her horny high school teacher isn’t keeping things class-y. Vera Dijkmans, 22, was stunned when she found out her former teacher had subscribed to her OnlyFans account — after brutally telling her as a student that she would “go nowhere in life.” The amorous educator even contacted her on the subscription site, offering to pay her $1,200 for a personalized lingerie snap. “He tried to keep his identity hidden but I recognized his face and realized it was my old school teacher,” Dijkmans told JamPrime.com after noticing the unidentified teacher on her subscriber list. “At first, I was extremely uncomfortable,” the blond bombshell continued. “I found it so shocking because back in school, I remember him being very strict and I never got the impression that he liked me as a student, let alone like this.” Dijkmans dropped out of high school when she was 15. She went on to work as a waitress and a model before joining OnlyFans in 2020. She now rakes in an astonishing $360,000 a month and is one of the site’s top earners — thanks to paying customers like her old teacher. The Dutch stunner said she initially ignored the fact the teacher was on her list of subscribers before he sent her a direct message. “The first time he messaged me, he tried to act like he wasn’t my teacher before,” Dijkmans claimed. “After a while, I just straight up asked him. I think he was hesitant at first, but he later admitted it,” she stated. “He did this by sending me a $1,200 tip for a sexy lingerie picture – I couldn’t believe it!” Djikmans declared that the educator is “now one of my biggest fans” but said her negative associations with high school still linger. The Dutch dropout said she never “enjoyed school” as she was relentlessly bullied for having a “big bum,” which wreaked havoc on her confidence. Although she wants to leave those painful memories behind, the model is thrilled that the tables have turned and she is now making a fortune from the body she was once ridiculed for. “Finally I have my revenge on the people who never believed in me,” she declared.