A New York woman filed a $3.1 million lawsuit against Rudy Giuliani, claiming he demanded sexual favors and created a “toxic” work environment before firing her and stiffing her for work she’d already done, new court papers show. Noelle Dunphy, 43, claims she worked for the former mayor as “an off-the-books, secret employee” doing business development work from 2019 through 2021, when Giuliani allegedly “sexually harassed [her] and demanded sexual favors,” according to a Manhattan Supreme Court summons from Tuesday. “Rudolph W. Giuliani, the former US Attorney, once hailed as ‘America’s Mayor,’ is a sexual predator and abuser,” Dunphy’s filing alleges. Dunphy – who is representing herself in the lawsuit – described a “toxic and sexually-hostile work environment” replete with derogatory comments toward women, minorities and anyone “suspected of ‘disloyalty,'” the court papers claim. “Giuliani frequently made racist, bigoted, and/or anti-Semitic remarks, as well as anti-LGBTQ and anti-woman remarks, often during confused and hostile alcohol-laced tirades,” the documents claim. Dunphy says when she started working for Giuliani, his “publicly-documented abuse of alcohol worsened” because of his expensive and bitter divorce from Judith Giuliani, and “mounting” political and legal controversies during and after his time working for former President Donald Trump, the court papers allege. Dunphy says Giuliani forced her to receive “deferred compensation” and be a secret employee – while none of his male employees were subjected “to this arrangement,” the filing claims. Dunphy’s summons doesn’t specify whether she succumbed to Giuliani’s alleged sexual advances but she told the Daily Beast: “It began with Rudy as my boss and lawyer and later turned romantic.” “I can’t stay silent any longer,” she told the outlet. Giuliani eventually lost interest in Dunphy, shifting his “desire” to another employee — and fired Dunphy in 2021 “not on the basis of any legitimate reason, and without issuing the compensation for work already done,” the filing claims. She also claims she wasn’t offered severance and wasn’t reimbursed for work expenses, the summons alleges. Later, when she asked for Giuliani’s help in finding a new job, he “became spiteful” and “demanded that [she] remain silent about all associations” with him, the court papers allege. Giuliani allegedly threatened Dunphy that if she didn’t stay quiet, he’d use his private investigators and connections to Trump to “retaliate in other ways,” the summons claims. Dunphy claimed that before she began working for Giuliani, he represented her for free in a domestic violence case — and knew about her “lived trauma” when he threatened her, the filing claims. She accused him of legal malpractice, claiming she was never able to pursue legal action in the domestic violence case because he allowed the statute of limitations to pass. And Giuliani at times “seemed unable to remember key facts” in her case and “was frequently intoxicated while discussing matters of law, and he leveraged his counsel to pressure her for sexual quid-pro-quo during lawyer-client consultations,” the summons charges. “Giuliani leveraged the traumatic details of [Dunphy’s]  prior victimization to fulfill his morally bankrupt sexual compulsions and fetishes,” the summons alleges. Giuliani’s lawyer Robert Costello didn’t immediately return a request for comment. Costello told the Daily Beast that Dunphy “never worked for any Giuliani entity.” “These are libelous allegations drafted by an individual with no lawyer, because no lawyer would associate themselves with this nonsense,” Costello said. Dunphy shot back, telling the Daily Beast her summons has “very specific allegations of non-payment and an unlawfully toxic work environment, all of which are offered in a court filing subject to a penalty of perjury and backed by evidence which will be introduced at trial.” Dunphy anonymously sued a former real estate investor flame in 2015 claiming he repeatedly abused her, the Daily Beast reported.  The pair settled the case, with the man paying her $10,000, according to the report. Dunphy declined to comment to the Daily Beast on that case.