A new study has revealed the sexiest names among English speakers — with classic monikers Mary and Jack clawing their way to the top. Researchers from sex toy brand Lovehoney determined the results by analyzing the names of protagonists in the top 120 highest-grossing romance movies of all time, as well as the names of desirable characters in the 100 bestselling erotic fiction novels on Amazon. “Have you ever hooked up with someone with an un-moanable name?” the researchers asked before revealing a surprising find from their pop culture analysis. “All of the names in our top lists for men and women are less than seven letters long, so length could be a deciding factor in whether a name inspires romantic feelings,” the coital company declared. For men, Jack is the hottest name — with dreamy characters such as “Titanic’s” Jack Dawson (Leonardo DiCaprio) and “Brokeback Mountain’s” Jack Twist (Jake Gyllenhaal) helping to cement the sex appeal of the classic moniker. Meanwhile, Nick, Ben and James —  three similarly short and classic names  — tied for second place. Hunky Nick Young (Henry Golding) made viewers’ hearts race in 2018’s “Crazy Rich Asians,” as did Ben Barry (Matthew McConaughey) in the 2003 rom-com smash “How To Lose A Guy In 10 Days.” James has long been considered a masculine moniker oozing sex appeal, in large part because of suave spy James Bond. The research found the strong, sturdy and simple names Peter and Joe are equal in third place. Interestingly, four of the six sexiest male names are abbreviations or nicknames of longer monikers — something the Lovehoney researchers said was significant. “A global study on flirting and online dating by Badoo found that using a shortened or diminutive version of your first name will make sure you attract more online approaches than if you were to use the full-length version of your name,” Lovehoney revealed. The Lovehoney team also spoke with behavioral psychologist Jo Hemmings who declared: “People with abbreviated names appear more approachable and friendlier, less intimidating. A diminutive name gives a sense of warmth and informality.” For women, Mary is the sexiest English name a woman could have, according to the analysis. The researchers referenced beautiful blond Mary Jensen (Cameron Diaz) in “There’s Something About Mary,” saying she is emblematic of the virginal and flirty connotations of the moniker. Meanwhile, there is a four-way tie for the second-sexiest name, with Rachel, Kate, Julia and Eva all considered equally hot. Six names subsequently came in equal third place —  with one particularly shocking result. The out-of-style Susan is one of the third-place grabbers, although some may debate if that moniker is “moanable” in the throes of passion. However, some of the most beautiful women of recent times have played characters with that moniker, including Madonna in “Desperately Seeking Susan” and Brooke Shields in the sitcom “Suddenly Susan.” Sophie, Mia, Julie, Bella and Ana round out the list in third place.