ATLANTA — Red hot early and ice cold late, with no defensive intensity throughout, was not a recipe for success as the stumbling Knicks lost their third consecutive game Friday night. Playing without Mitchell Robinson, who is sidelined after he had surgery Thursday on his broken right thumb, the Knicks connected on better than 70 percent of their shots in the first half. But Tom Thibodeau’s team missed the starting center’s defensive presence from the outset and was outscored 20-4 to start the fourth quarter as the Hawks pulled away for a 139-124 victory at State Farm Arena. “You give up 139, and credit to them, they’re playing great basketball right now, but we’re not gonna be able to win a game like that,” Thibodeau said. “I liked our offense a lot, [to] shoot 59 percent and score 124. But right from the start, there was no defensive urgency or mindset from the start of the game. “I liked the urgency and the pace that we played offensively. But I thought defensively we made it an offensive game and they’re too good to do that. You have to be tied together on defense when you’re playing against them. And I didn’t feel we were.” Dejounte Murray scored 29 points, Trae Young had 27 and DeAndre Hunter added 20 for the surging Hawks (24-22), who won their fifth consecutive game. “It was just too easy,” said Julius Randle, who scored a game-high 32 points, but managed none of them in the final period. RJ Barrett scored 23 points for the Knicks (25-22) and Jalen Brunson finished with 19 after netting at least 25 in each of the previous eight games. “There were definitely some that we could’ve made it more difficult for them, but they made a lot of shots tonight,” added Barrett, who finished with a team-worst minus-20 rating. “This is two games in a row where we let a team hit everything out of the gate and they have confidence for the rest of the game, even though we played very well offensively. “When you give a team confidence early it’s hard to shut them off. … You gotta readjust to playing, especially with Mitch out.” Jericho Sims started at center in place of the injured Robinson, who is slated to be reevaluated in three weeks, and contributed 12 points and eight rebounds in 28 minutes, while the slumping Isaiah Hartenstein scored just two points in 17 minutes off the bench. Thibodeau also turned briefly in the fourth quarter to a smaller lineup, with Randle at center and Obi Toppin, who scored seven points in 16 minutes, at power forward. The Knicks knocked down eight of their first 10 shots to open the game, but the Hawks buried 10 of their first 12 attempts from the floor for a fast-paced 24-22 lead midway through the opening quarter. While the Hawks eventually cooled off somewhat, missing seven straight shots, the Knicks kept scoring and finished the quarter with a 38-35 advantage on 80.0 percent shooting (16-for-20). The Hawks pulled down eight offensive rebounds in the first half (four by Clint Capela) and used an 11-4 advantage in second-chance points to stay within 71-68 at intermission, despite the Knicks shooting 71.4 percent through the opening 24 minutes. Quentin Grimes committed a flagrant foul on Young at the start of the third quarter. That sparked the Knicks’ nemesis to score nine points in a 13-0 run in the first three minutes of the quarter for an 81-71 Atlanta lead. The Hawks extended that cushion to 13 on Young’s straightaway trey one minute later, but Randle outscored him 17-14 in the quarter — including a four-point play. Brunson also converted an “and-1” in the closing seconds to draw the Knicks within 102-101 entering the final period. But they completely fizzled in the fourth, missing nine of their first 10 shots, while Bogdan Bogdanovic poured in 12 of his 14 points in the final 12 minutes for Atlanta. “The rebounding was a problem, right from the start. And that was a concern,” Thibodeau said. “Mitch is part of it, but we’ve been a good rebounding team all year. And right now we’re not playing great defense. So we have to get back to that.”