Al Roker is set to return to the “Today” show on Jan. 6 for his first in-studio appearance in two months following a bout of health issues. Talk show hosts Savannah Guthrie, Hoda Kotb and Craig Melvin announced the joyous news on Tuesday’s episode. “He’ll be here Friday. He’ll be right here in Studio 1A. This is his place. He’ll be in his seat right where he belongs. We cannot wait for that,” Kotb, 58, squealed on the NBC series. “And we will be back together,” Melvin, 43, chimed in. Guthrie, 51, then added: “Not the same without Al. Our sunshine is coming back Friday morning.” Roker, 68, was last seen on the broadcast on Nov. 4. He took a sick leave of absence for several weeks to recover from blood clots in his leg and lungs. The weatherman was forced to miss hosting the Macy’s Thanksgiving Day Parade as well as the Rockefeller Center Christmas Tree Lighting ceremony over the holidays. Roker was hospitalized for his blood clots and was released from the hospital right after Thanksgiving and then again on Dec. 8. On Dec. 12, Roker appeared on “Today” remotely and updated fans on his health and well-being. “It’s been a tough slog, I’m not going to deny this,” he said at the time. “This has been the hardest one yet — and you know, I’ve had my fair share of surgeries.” “But it gives you a profound sense of gratitude for this outpouring of prayers and thanks. I’m a very fortunate person,” he continued. The father of three then noted: “I feel good, I feel strong. And every day, I feel a little bit better.” Roker explained that he’s undergoing physical and occupational therapy to get back into shape. He has also been sure to keep his fans in the loop with frequent updates about his health on social media. Roker was well enough to celebrate Christmas with his family, posting a cute photo with his wife, Deborah Roberts, 62, and their children, Leila, 24, Courtney, 36, and Nick, 20, wearing matching holiday outfits while sitting at a dinner table. “From our family to yours, #merrychristmas,” he captioned the snapshot.