It was the sign of the icebox-alypse. A woman has revolted TikTok after revealing the disgusting contents of a refrigerator that had been unopened for a whole three years. A viral video detailing the gag-inducing discovery has amassed over 71.4 million views on TikTok. “This fridge hasn’t been opened in three years,” Auri Kananen, 29, captions the extreme home makeover clip. Known as the “Queen of Cleaning” on social media, the Finnish housekeeper has amassed over 8.5 million followers by filming her dirtiest jobs, including  “extra dirty” sinks, feces-festooned bathrooms, and other horror shows from homes that have fallen into disrepair. In one of the grime-fighter’s most popular tutorials, she is seen tackling a fridge in an abandoned home that hasn’t “been opened for 3 years.” Armed with gloves and a facemask, Kananen opens the fridge, revealing a smorgasbord of horrifically moldy items like something out of “The Walking Dead.” The remediation maven then pulls out the contents one by one, revealing a shriveled brown yogurt carton, decomposing eggs and a packet filled with fused-together pieces of mud-colored ham, Jam Press reported. Despite the seemingly insurmountable job, Kananen writes in the caption that she “loves it.” She then tackles the grossly neglected fridge with gusto, scouring out the grime like an archaeologist exhuming a long lost relic. By the end, the icebox interior is sparkling as if just purchased from a home supply store. TikTok was both impressed and repulsed by the footage with one appalled user writing, “Not me holding my breath.” “I’d be wearing full protective gear before cleaning this,” commented one aghast viewer, while another wrote, “girl i beg you wear a hamzat suit.” “I would just buy a new fridge at this point,” suggested one TikTok commenter, to which Kananen replied “BOOring.” She even tells her followers in the caption to “calm down” because “it’s just a fridge.” The gig might seem gross, but as, it turns out grime apparently does pay. Kananen’s videos have earned her sponsorships with sponge company Scrub Daddy and even landed her an appearance on “Good Morning America,” Net Influencer reported. The super cleaner also fields requests from her followers on social media, notably providing a free cleaning to the home of a woman whose husband had committed suicide, leaving her with three children. “Many people send me emails and ask me for my help, so I just go there and clean, and then I film it,” said Kananen, who also has 2.3 million followers on Instagram. For most, people cleaning might seem like a chore, but not to the scrubbing savant. “The dirtier the better, so if I see something really dirty I’ll love it.” She says her ultimate goal is “to show the whole world that cleaning is fun and sexy.”