Oooh lala! Et oh mon Dieu! Le nouveau programme télévisé d’Amazon c’est magnifique. Oui! Tres, tres magnifique! That’s as far as our high school classes gets us, unfortunately (wait, actually one more: Zut alors!), but luckily you don’t need to speak French in order to watch Amazon’s new international season of “Cosmic Love,” set in (you guessed it) France. This Friday, Jan. 6, you can now get more of everything you loved about the first season of “Cosmic Love,” but with beautiful French people swapped in for beautiful Americans. Sounds like an upgrade to us. Just like the first English-language edition of “Cosmic Love,” “Cosmic Love France” centers around four singles who have tried it all turning to the supreme wisdom of the Astro Chamber, hoping for the hand of fate to match them up with their most compatible partners, astrologically speaking. Our four singles, each representing a unique Zodiac element (Fire, Water, Air, and Earth) are tasked with sorting through a revolving door of men on a French villa, trying to see if they can determine their own perfect match. We know you’ll love this show. It’s kismet. Below, we’ve outlined more details about the series, the cast, and how you can watch. “Cosmic Love France,” like its English-language predecessor, is streaming exclusively on Amazon Prime Video. If you don’t already have a subscription, now’s a good time to get one. It seems like every week, there are more reasons to try one (or try out a 30-day free trial). In addition to “Cosmic Love France,” a Prime Video subscription offers an impressive slate of some of the 2022’s biggest movies, including “My Policeman,” and award-winning original series like “The Boys,” “A League of Their Own,” and “Marvelous Ms. Maisel,” and hundreds of movies and binge-able TV shows, to name a few. As of today, Jan. 6, “Cosmic Love France” is available to stream in full exclusively on Amazon Prime Video. Get a Prime Video subscription (if you don’t have one already), and start the first full weekend of 2023 off with a binge-worthy bang. Hosted by French model and TV personality Nabilla Vergara, “Cosmic Love France,” centers around four singles who have tried it all: blind dating, speed dating, Tinder, Hinge, Raya, you name it. Finally at the end of their rope, our four singles (each representing a unique Zodiac element) are willing to see if the stars might guide them towards their soulmate. Or, at least as close as you can get to the stars aligning on this earth: reality TV producers. Waiting in the wings are Cosmic Lovers, partners who have been matched to each of the singles by compatibility. The only issue? The singles will have to find them first, and distractions are abound, in the form of hunks. Check it out now on Amazon Prime Video. For more content, check out the New York Post Shopping section.