“New York, New York. The city so nice they named it twice.” Now, Lin-Manuel Miranda’s Broadway musical “New York, New York” has announced its cast after months of speculation over who would be land the roles in the buzzy new show. And the cast members taking over the roles made famous by Robert DeNiro and Liza Minnelli in the 1977 Martin Scorsese film are… Drum roll please… Colton Ryan and Anna Uzele. The pair will lead an ensemble cast at the St. James Theatre to tell the story of a post-WWII New York through song when previews begin on March 24. Allegedly, the musical won’t feature much of Martin Scorsese’s storyline. Want to snag tickets before everyone else does? You still can. Better yet, quite a few are available for under $100 before fees on Vivid Seats at the time of publication. All prices are subject to fluctuation. Music for “New York, New York” was written by John Kander. Lin-Manuel Miranda and Fredd Ebb penned the lyrics; David Thompson and Sharon Washington wrote “New York, New York’s” book.  Following previews, the musical is set to open April 26. Shows will take place eight times a week Tuesday through Sunday. Weekday matinees will typically be on Wednesdays at 2 p.m.; Sunday matinees begin at 3 p.m. A complete calendar featuring all show dates, start times and links to buy tickets can be found here.  The bombshell casting announcement surprised theater fans ’round the world when the creative team chose to put up and coming stars in the lead roles rather than household names. Here’s what we do know about the show’s leads. Colton Ryan is most well-known for his work in the 2022 Hulu miniseries “The Girl From Plainville” as Conrad “Coco” Roy. Other notable roles of his include the “Dear Evan Hansen” movie as well as the Apple TV+ series “Little Voice” and Alan Ball film “Uncle Frank.” He’s also set to appear in the upcoming Peacock 10-episode whodunit “Poker Face” alongside Natasha Lyonne, Joseph Gordon-Levitt, Adrien Brody, Nick Nolte, Luis Guzmán and many more. Anna Uzele has done quite a bit of film, TV and theater. You may have seen her on the tube in the Kevin Bacon Showtime series “City on a Hill,” CBS’ “FBI” and Apple TV+’s upcoming “Dear Edward.” Theatergoers may recognize Uzele from her work in “Once on This Island” and “Six.”  While Lin-Manuel’s show is clearly one of the most high-profile, highly-anticipated musicals to hit Broadway this year, there are quite a few other mainstays and new shows that you won’t want to miss live. • “Hamilton” • “Wicked” • “Book of Mormon” • “Phantom of the Opera” • “Sweeney Todd” Not enough for you? We compiled a list of 13 of the biggest, new shows to hit Broadway in the next few months.