Sarah Ferguson shared a touching tribute to her “sissy” Lisa Marie Presley, who died Thursday at the age of 54. The Duchess of York — also known as “Fergie” — posted a photo on Twitter and Instagram of herself and Presley that appears to have been taken several years prior. “I say hello to you everyday, and I love you, my sissy, and I will continue to say hello to you everyday. You were my sissy, an amazing mother to Ben, Riley, Harper and Finley and a superbly loving daughter to Priscilla,” Fergie, 63, captioned the message Friday. “You have been my devoted friend for many years, and I am here for your family to support and love them. I am deeply saddened, my sissy, you are in my heart,” she continued. Fergie posted the same photo in 2020, after Presley’s son, Benjamin Keough, died from a self-inflicted gunshot wound at the age of 27. “You stayed with me in my darkest moment and I am here in Yours … love you my sister Lisa Marie … wherever, whatever I am with you, in all steadfastness,” she captioned the picture at the time. The pair’s friendship made headlines in 2009, shortly after the death of Presley’s ex-husband, Michael Jackson, at the age of 50. Presley reportedly stayed at Fergie’s $62 million rented villa in Marbella, Spain, to grieve. Presley was also said to be a guest at the Duchess’ 50th birthday party in London in 2009, as well as at Princess Beatrice’s 21st birthday party. Fergie shares Beatrice with her ex, the disgraced Prince Andrew. Fergie joins a long list of celebrities mourning the loss of Presley, including John Travolta, Pink and Leah Remini. Presley died after reportedly suffering a cardiac arrest at her Calabasas, California, home Thursday. A cause of death has not been announced. “Priscilla Presley and the Presley family are shocked and devastated by the tragic death of their beloved Lisa Marie,” read a statement to The Post from a rep for Priscilla, 77. Lisa Marie was the only child of Priscilla and Elvis Presley, who died in 1977 at age 42. “They are profoundly grateful for the support, love and prayers of everyone, and ask for privacy during this very difficult time.” Besides Priscilla, Presley is survived by her daughter, actress Riley Keough, 33, and 14-year-old twin daughters, Finley Aaron Love and Harper Vivienne Ann Lockwood.