When he’s not outright lying about his background and resume, congressman George Santos appears to have some sympathy for the devil. Santos (R-LI) said in a newly resurfaced interview, that he knew multimillionaire pedophile Jeffrey Epstein from when, he claims, he worked in finance — and that he was convinced the pedophile was “murdered” behind bars while awaiting trial. Santos previously admitted to The Post that he lied about graduating college and working for top investment firms Goldman Sachs and Citigroup, among many other things. He also said he feared that the same fate could await Epstein’s longtime pal and convicted accomplice, Ghislaine Maxwell, unless she is sent to a prison overseas. “I believe he’s dead, and I believe he was murdered. That’s my conclusion,” Santos said in a “The Rory Sauter Show” interview from Aug. 12, 2020. Santos introduced himself on the show as a “born and bred New York City guy,” adding, “I say it how it is, I tell it very straight, very transparent.” He claimed he met Epstein at “a couple private equity conferences.” “I’ve never dealt with him personally, but I’ve met him, I’ve seen him. I’m 6​-2 and the guy was taller than me. There’s just no way you can hang yourself off of a bunk bed at that height. I can’t hang myself off a bunkbed because human instinct kicks in and the first thing you do is stand up​,” he said. The freshman Republican lawmaker, who has admitted fabricating whole portions of his resume to The Post, including family history, job experience, education and Jewish heritage, said in the interview that Maxwell would likely be silenced because she knew the bold-faced names connected to Epstein’s perverted abuse. “I’m not a conspiracy theorist here, but I know she holds the key to a lot of careers being obliterated, and that goes from politicians to businessmen and other influential people in this country,” Santos said. “She should not be in custody in the United States. She should be in the UK or anywhere else in the world if she’s granted protection.” “Maybe the U.K. is a bad idea because the prince is there. But you get the picture,” he said, referring to Prince Andrew. Epstein, 66, pleaded not guilty to charges he abused dozens of young girls in his Upper East Side townhouse and his Palm Beach, Fla., waterfront mansion, and was facing a sentence of 45 years in prison. The billionaire financier was found dead in August 2019 in his cell in the Special Housing Unit of Manhattan Correction Center. Santos’ 2020 interview on the show came as reports said Maxwell was the subject of enhanced surveillance at the Metropolitan Detention Center in Brooklyn where she was being held after being arrested for helping Epstein find young girls to rape. “She was put on suicide watch because just like Epstein, she’s going to suicide herself and hang herself with a handkerchief or something like that. And they’re going to try to make us digest that all over again,” Santos said in the interview. Maxwell was convicted by a jury and sentenced to 20 years in prison in June 2022 for helping Epstein abuse young girls.