Wild footage has captured an enraged Tesla driver smashing cars on a California freeway with a metal pipe, in what appears to be the latest in a string of road-rage attacks involving the same suspect. The most recent incident took place around 8 a.m. Wednesday in the southbound lanes of the 2 Freeway in Glendale. In the video, a man in a green T-shirt, dark jeans and a black mask jumps out of his charcoal-colored Tesla with no license plates while brandishing a pipe, and begins pummeling the truck behind him. After several whacks, the road-rage maniac gets back in his car and drives away. “Initially you think, ‘Should I pin him to the wall with my car?’ ‘Should I run him down?’ ‘What should I do?’” the victim told the station KTLA. “And I tried to stay focused and think, ‘I don’t want to go from victim to criminal in an instant.’” The victim said he first started recording the rampaging Tesla driver after witnessing him target another car on the freeway that morning. In the footage, the Tesla follows a white sedan onto an exit shoulder, where the masked driver gets out of his car and tries to smash the other vehicle before it speeds away. The driver of the white sedan told ABC 7 Eyewitness News she had honked at the Tesla because it was taking too long to merge, which appeared to have triggered the man’s rage. The pipe attack left the woman’s vehicle damaged — but she told the outlet she feels it could have been worse. “I honestly did feel like he was either gonna break my windows or pull me out,” she said. Other drivers around Southern California have since been sharing videos showing what appears to be the same Tesla motorist attacking vehicles in Atwater Village, Echo Park and Pasadena over the past several months. One woman said she ran into the Tesla driver, dressed in a similar green T-shirt and dark jeans, at a storage facility in Atwater Village two months ago. The woman said the man harassed her without any provocation, and then followed her, as seen in a video she recorded at the time. “You better go outside Cali where you came from,” the man tells the woman as he gets back in his Tesla after hurling expletives at her. “You don’t even know where I’m from,” she shoots back. “I’m born and raised in LA.” In another cellphone recording made on a road in Pasadena, the man in the dark Tesla reaches out of his car while driving and strikes a passing vehicle. A third recording made in Echo Park shows the Tesla owner clad in the same green shirt getting out of his car on the 101 Freeway and striking the front of a stranger’s car with a pipe. The drivers in each of the videos have filed police reports, and the California Highway Patrol has launched an investigation into the string of apparent road-rage incidents. But tracking the suspect down could prove challenging because there are no plates on his Tesla.