Let’s be real — you’re the real Valentine’s Day gift this year. But, you’re likely still on the hunt for the best gift for your boyfriend, and that’s where we come in. We cut out the tough part for you —finding the top gifts — a process filled with ample research, product testing and many of our personal, compliment-worthy picks. Ahead, find the 25 best Valentine’s Day gift ideas for your boyfriend in 2023. Not only will you scroll through top-rated joggers and unbeatable cashmere sweaters, but there’s also a find for every type of boyfriend, from those who love to cook to those who love to run. Not to mention, we rounded up the best Valentine’s Day gifts to buy on Amazon, along with the best men’s watches, just in case you want to do a bit of splurging for the LOYL. Sharpen up the conversation together with the BestSelf Co. Couples Game Deck. For just $25 on Amazon, this thought-provoking handheld is perfect for your next date night and to ~ keep the spark alive ~. For less than $25, you can’t pass up the Timberland Blix Slimfold Leather Wallet. Not only is it a handsome option from a brand we love (read: its boots), but you can make it a two-part gift by inserting an e-gift card or a gift certificate to your favorite restaurant. For more options, check out our guide to the best men’s wallets. If your boyfriend is a lover of all things cold brew, he’ll jump for joy upon unwrapping the Takeya Deluxe Cold Brew Coffee Maker. It’s an exceptional less-than-$35 gift idea, too (not to mention, a wonderful addition to his morning routine). For more options, check out our guide to the best cold brew coffee brands. We sound like a broken record at this point, but we love the Our Place Always Pan (read our full review). Not only does it come in a slew of stunning colors but it replaces eight pieces of cookware — yes, eight — and is one of our go-to kitchen appliances that lives on our stovetop. For a sharp and versatile outerwear piece, you can’t go wrong with the Flint and Tinder Flannel-Lined Waxed Trucker Jacket — especially if your boyfriend is an outdoors lover. Its button-front, pocket-clad design is one we can’t stop glossing over. Meet the comfiest joggers on the planet (we’re not kidding). Cozy Earth’s Ultra-Soft Bamboo Jogger Pant are the most decadently soft bottoms we’ve ever touched and 100% worth your coin. Buy now, thank us later. For more options, check out our guide to the best men’s joggers. On the hunt for a quality cashmere sweater for him? The NAADAM Merino Cashmere Quarter Zip is an option we recommend time and again, thanks to its versatile charm and ultra-soft material. For more options, check out our guide to the best men’s cashmere sweaters. For the boyfriend who loves to learn, sign him up for a month (or two, or three) of MasterClass. We reviewed the platform and loved sharpening our skills on cooking (with the one and only Gordon Ramsay) and poker strategy, among other expert-taught classes. Especially fitting for the long-distance couple (or, if you love any unique sentimental gift you can snag), there’s no better option than the Lovebox Spinning Heart Messenger. We reviewed it and love how you can send notes, gifs, photos and more to your partner, all with the paired app. If you’re looking for the perfect gift less than $50 — especially if he’s a tech lover — the Amazon Echo Show 5 Smart Display is an all-around great gift. From streaming Spotify playlists to video chatting you, it’s a great addition to any space. Snag this fresh pair of adidas Ultraboost 1.0 Shoes. Though a splurge, they’ll trek around for months on end throughout all of your afternoon and evening dates (not to mention, the brand has a catalog of others to choose from). For more options, check out our guide to the best men’s workout shoes. Our boyfriends own the Yeti Rambler 26 oz. Wattle Bottle and, let us tell you, it never leaves the car console. Perfect for on the go, this less-than-$50 buy comes in a multitude of hues to choose from and will keep your water ice cold — just the way he likes it. For more options, check out our guide to the best reusable water bottles. Does he love to ski? Pick up the OOSC Overhead Ski Jacket, a lofty splurge for the colder months. Not only does it look sharp but it’s also well-made and perfect for the slopes. There’s one thing we know for sure: you can never have too many dress socks. Boardroom Socks is one of our favorite brands, namely for its well-made array of pairs that’ll keep your drawers fully stocked. Hello, gift idea for less than $20. For more options, check out our guide to the best men’s socks. It’s a Nespresso, but for cocktails! This unique find by Bartesian is perfect for entertaining and enjoying mixology from home (read our full review). Simply drop a cocktail capsule into the machine, select your preferred strength and voilà —a perfectly crafted cocktail every time. For just $5, you can’t resist some Madagascar-originated chocolate. Not only is it *beyond good* (ha!) but it’s perfect to stash in his Valentine’s Day gift basket this year. For more options, check out our guide to the best places to order chocolate online. If your boyfriend is a fitness buff, he’ll adore a top-rated rowing machine that’ll add much value to his at-home gym setup. This best-selling Amazon buy is one of the most affordable we’ve seen without compromising quality. We’ve been eyeing this travel watch case for months and think it’s one of the best gift ideas (like, ever). Ensure his favorite watch is protected in style when he’s on the go. Trust us, it’s one of the most original ideas we can’t stop obsessing over. Speaking of watches, gift him one from one of our favorite brands, Daniel Wellington. This black and gold unisex style is great for every day wear and formal events alike, and will last for years of worn-well wear. For more options, check out our expert-backed guide to the best men’s watches. Regardless of occasion, we’re always recommending the J.Crew Slim Untucked Shirt. It’s as classic, looks great on everyone and will add some quality options to his wardrobe, whether he’s in need of new work shirts or new date night shirts. For a top-rated streaming product, the coveted and best-selling Amazon Fire TV Stick 4K fits the bill. Namely, it’ll help showcase all of your favorite services — from Prime Video to Disney+ — right from your fingertips. Sentimental gift, activated. This Wallet Insert for Boyfriend is just shy of $15 and adds a meaningful touch to Valentine’s Day this year. He’ll keep it in his wallet right next to your photo, too. Give him an activity you can do together — cook a delicious date night meal! Blue Apron is one of the best meal kits in the biz, especially for its nutritious, personalized and streamlined approach to recipe-making (read our full review). Not to mention, its gift card amount is customizable. Right there with socks, you can never have too many pairs of underwear. MeUndies is one of the best brands — for its unique prints and ultra-soft fabric, especially — and this heart pattern is suitable for none other than Valentine’s Day itself. If your boyfriend is a wine lover on the verge of becoming a self-proclaimed sommelier, then Bright Cellars is the gift for him this year. Customize your box — and your plan — based on your wine taste, with a monthly box starting at $75. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.