Does the new pay transparency law in NYC mean that my salary will be published for everyone to see? This law should also be called the law of unintended consequences because I believe it’s based on a flawed premise and will not achieve the outcomes that legislators are hoping for. The pay transparency law requires employers to list salary ranges in listings for job opportunities and promotions to “reduce discriminatory wage-setting and hiring practices, and help level the playing field for all workers.” The assumption is that most employers discriminate in their pay practices, which isn’t true. In the corporate world, there are numerous legitimate reasons why two people doing the same job can and should be paid differently, not due to discrimination but on factors like level of experience, performance, or how much it took to convince them to join the company. This law has a better chance of depressing wages than lifting wages, but many employers will find a way to be compliant while managing their business the way they see fit and without being discriminatory. And yes, if your employer posts jobs with ranges that are the same as yours, then your friends will know how much you make. My boss made a comment about not being sure why the company had to be closed in observance of MLK Jr. Day when not everyone was in support of making it a holiday. I found that offensive, and I don’t know if I can work for this manager anymore. Any advice? Boggles the mind. Your boss may be factually correct that there was indeed much debate about whether or not it should be a federal holiday, and it took more than 30 years for it to become law. But I presume no employee asked him for a history lesson, and I also assume that no one asked for his opinion. I don’t know what’s in his heart, but it was a wildly inappropriate and stupid comment. He should be told that by the people who heard it, his boss and HR. I don’t blame you for questioning whether or not you want to continue working for him. I do know that there’s a serious question about whether this person is fit to be a manager. Gregory Giangrande has over 25 years of experience as a chief human resources executive. Hear Greg Weds. at 9:35 a.m. on iHeartRadio 710 WOR with Len Berman and Michael Riedel. E-mail: GoToGreg@NYPost.com. Follow: GoToGreg.com and onTwitter: @GregGiangrande