The Graceland grave containing the remains of Benjamin Keough is being moved to open space for his late mother, Lisa Marie Presley. An insider told The Post on Thursday that Keough’s grave would be relocated to make space for the grave of his 54-year-old mom, who died on Jan. 12 after reportedly being hospitalized for cardiac arrest. “They are moving the grave of Benjamin to make room for Lisa in the cemetery behind the house,” the source told us. The Post has contacted representatives for Graceland, Lisa Marie and her mother, Priscilla Presley, for comment. Work on the memorial site began Tuesday, according to photos obtained by TMZ. Lisa Marie’s grave was pictured being prepared next to Keough’s, who died by suicide in July 2020 at age 27. Her grave was also across from that of her father, music legend Elvis Presley, who died of a heart attack in 1977. The family’s tombs are all located around a well-known backyard fountain at the Memphis, Tennessee, estate. Other changes are also expected ahead of Sunday’s public celebration of life that will honor Lisa Marie. Presley’s official cause of death remains undetermined after an initial autopsy, according to the Los Angeles County coroner. “Presley was examined on Jan. 14 and the cause of death was deferred,” according to Sarah Ardalani, a spokesperson with the LA County Dept. of Medical Examiner-Coroner. “Deferred means that after an autopsy, a cause of death has not been determined and the medical examiner is requesting more investigation into the death, including additional studies. Once the tests/studies come back, the doctor evaluates the case again and makes the cause of death determination,” Ardalani explained. Lisa Marie’s 14-year-old twins, Harper and Finley Lockwood, have been spending time with their grandmother Priscilla and their half-sister, Riley Keough, following her death. The teens are allegedly “too traumatized” to return to their Los Angeles home. Lisa Marie’s three daughters will inherit Graceland, The Post learned on Tuesday. “The trust (which includes Graceland) will go to Lisa Marie’s daughters Riley, Finley and Harper,” a rep for Graceland told The Post.