Dale Cheney, the Connecticut financier who jumped to his death from a Manhattan rooftop bar last week, was facing criminal charges when he died, according to a report. Cheney, 46, who filed for divorce from his wife days before he plunged from Bar 54 at Hyatt Centric Times Square, was hit with two misdemeanor charges on Jan. 16 after a domestic dispute at the couple’s spacious home in New Canaan, the Wilton Bulletin reported. His wife, Lauren Cheney, obtained a restraining order against her husband after the incident, during which the financier was charged with fourth-degree criminal mischief and disorderly conduct, according to the outlet. The investment banker was released on a $25,000 bond after a court appearance in Stamford. Cheney, a father of five children in their teens and early 20s, filed for divorce on Jan. 23 — two days before his death in Midtown. Police said he plunged from the rooftop bar on West 45th Street and Seventh Avenue around 6:30 p.m. in what was later ruled a suicide. Law enforcement sources told The Post that cops were twice called to Cheney’s former home on the Upper East Side for domestic disputes in 2008. Cheney founded T-street Capital, an independent growth equity firm, in Darien, Connecticut, in 2013, according to public records. At the time of his death, he lived in a sprawling six-bedroom, seven-bath home in New Canaan valued at more than $3.8 million, records show. A woman answering the door at the home last week declined to comment. According to his obituary, Cheney grew up in New Jersey and northern Virginia, one of five siblings. He attended Brigham Young University in Utah, where he met his future wife, Lauren Colton, whom he married in 2000. He later earned an MBA from Harvard University Business School, the obit says. If you are struggling with suicidal thoughts or are experiencing a mental health crisis and live in New York City, you can call 1-888-NYC-WELL for free and confidential crisis counseling. If you live outside the five boroughs, you can dial the 24/7 National Suicide Prevention hotline at 988 or go to SuicidePreventionLifeline.org.