A British cop, who served in London’s Metropolitan Police force, has been described as one of the country’s most prolific sex offenders in history as he admitted to numerous sex crimes over an 18-year period. David Carrick pleaded guilty to 49 charges of sexual assault — including 24 rape counts — during an appearance at London’s Southwark Crown Court on Monday. The heinous crimes were committed between 2003 and 2020. The serial rapist, 47, admitted multiple counts of rape, violence, and sexual assault against 12 different women. The disgraced cop was previously slapped with over 80 sexual abuse charges — including at least 48 counts of rape — last month. Met Police Commissioner Mark Rowley has apologized for “failing” to prosecute Carrick over his previous 9 incidents, including rape and domestic violence allegations. Rowley says Carrick, who joined the force in 2001 after a stint in the Royal Army, “should not have been a police officer.” “This man abused women in the most disgusting manner. It is sickening. We’ve let women and girls down, and indeed we’ve let Londoners down,” Rowley said in a statement. “We have failed. And I’m sorry.” Carrick was only suspended after a second rape complaint was made against him in October 2021. The force said Carrick was investigated over complaints made about him in 2001 and 2017, but no charges were ever brought. The court heard that Carrick would meet his victims through dating apps, and used his role as a police officer to gain their trust. He admitted to raping some of the women on multiple occasions over the years. Several victims bravely told the court that Carrick would lock them in a closet under the stairs in his home for hours on end without food. Some of the women were forced to clean his house while naked. Carrick would physically abuse and demean some of his victims, including belt-whipping and urinating on them, The Guardian reported. He also controlled some of them financially and in some cases, made sure the women cut off contact with other men and their children entirely. The court heard that Carrick called his victims “slaves,” “fat,” and “lazy” and told them when they could eat and sleep. London Mayor Sadiq Khan said he was “absolutely sickened by the truly abhorrent offenses” that Carrick committed. “Serious questions must be answered about how he was able to abuse his position as an officer,” he added.