Stephen A. Smith went berserk while addressing the controversy that erupted over his comments about Rihanna and Beyonce. During Friday’s installment of “First Take,” Smith said it’s “ridiculous” that he made headlines over his remarks on the “Sherri” show Wednesday when he said, “she ain’t Beyonce” while discussing Rihanna’s upcoming Super Bowl halftime performance. “This is the controversy?” Smith asked. “All of the stuff going on in the world, I’m being accused of Black-on-Black crime because I happen to like one artist more than the other. “I mean, you got to be kidding me! Handcuff me now! Put it behind my damn back! Y’all got to be kidding me!… Unbelievable!” Smith then reiterated his apology to Rihanna on Wednesday when he posted a three-minute video on Twitter explaining that he did not intend to shade the singer. “I apologize to Rihanna because this nonsense was not my intent,” Smith said. “It was all done in fun, me debating with Sherri Shepherd for fun, just having laughs. That’s all. Rihanna’s phenomenal; she’s fantastic… It pissed me off.” Smith then playfully questioned why comedian Leslie Jones called him out for his comments on “The Daily Show” Thursday, adding that he loves Jones. Smith — who’s been on a press tour for his new memoir, “Straight Shooter” — also addressed the whole ordeal on his “K[No]w Mercy” podcast on Friday. “I threw no hate, nor any shade… There is no reason for this,” he said. “I apologize to Rihanna because of the nonsense that this has percolated into… She didn’t ask to be in any of that. And I have to be more responsible than that because I didn’t realize people would be so freaking idiotic!” In his apology video, Smith explained that he has love for both singers, but that he believes “Beyonce is the greatest performer out there today.” Rihanna’s fanbase, “The Navy,” was quick to defend her and call out Smith for his remarks — with some people accusing the sports personality of pitting the singers against one another. Beyonce has performed the Super Bowl halftime show twice — in 2013 as a solo act (with a surprise appearance from Destiny’s Child) and again in 2016 with Bruno Mars and Coldplay. Rihanna will take the stage to perform the Super Bowl halftime show in Arizona on Feb. 12.