After a scoreless outing on Thursday night, Ben Simmons said he needed to be more aggressive in getting himself going. In his next chance to do so, Simmons never even got past pregame warmups. Simmons felt tightness in his back while warming up Sunday, according to coach Jacque Vaughn, which turned into him a late scratch for the Nets’ 112-102 loss to the Thunder at Barclays Center. As of Sunday night, Simmons was not scheduled to undergo an MRI and was expected to join the Nets on their five-game road trip that begins on Tuesday in San Antonio. “Hopefully it’s one game,” Vaughn said. Simmons underwent back surgery last May to repair a herniated disc that delayed his Nets debut until this season. He also missed time in 2020 with a nerve issue in his back. Sunday marked the 11th game this season that Simmons has missed. The others were for left knee soreness (five games), a left calf strain (four games) and injury management (one game on the second half of a back-to-back). Simmons’ latest injury came during a stretch in which the Nets had played just one game over the last six days. In that one game on Thursday against the Celtics, Simmons piled up a season-high 13 assists, nine rebounds and two steals but did not score a point after shooting 0-for-3 from the field. Edmond Sumner started in Simmons’ place on Sunday and chipped in four points, three assists and two rebounds while picking up four fouls in 12:23. Nic Claxton recorded his team-high 12th double-double of the season with 12 points and 10 rebounds. He also added four bocks, marking the eighth straight game in which he has recorded at least three blocks, which is the third-longest streak in franchise history. With Simmons and Kevin Durant both out, Vaughn expanded his rotation and went six deep on the bench, including cameos for Markieff Morris, Patty Mills and Day’Ron Sharpe. All 10 Nets who got into the game in the first half had scored by halftime. Durant’s injury has left an obvious hole in the offense, with the team needing to fill the void of a scorer who was averaging 29.7 points. Less tangible, but perhaps even more important, is trying to make up for Durant on the defensive end. “I think the hidden thing that changes is the defense,” Thunder coach Mark Daigneault said before the game. “They’re smaller team to begin with. He’s 7 feet and a great shot contester. He’s a really smart, savvy help defender. There’s just a lot of defensive reach out there when he’s out there. Any team would miss that if they’re missing him.” Seth Curry addressed the crowd pregame to honor Martin Luther King Jr. Day on Monday.