Coachella has done it once again. The annual Music and Arts Festival held at Indio, CA’s Empire Polo Field has delivered yet another impressive and eclectic lineup that will surely please fans of all genres over its two weekends on April 14-16 and April 21-23. On night one for both weekends, reggaeton legend Bad Bunny will be joined by Gorillaz, Burna Boy, The Chemical Brothers, Blondie and…Golden Globe nominee Idris Elba. Yes, you read that right. K-Pop girl group BlackPink headlines both Saturdays alongside Rosalia, Eric Prydz, boygenius, Charli XCX and The Kid LAROIi. Both weekends are set to close with elusive singer-songwriter Frank Ocean in the top spot. Before he takes the stage, Bjork, Kali Uchis, Porter Robinson, A Boogie Wit Da Hoodie and Dominic Fike will warm the crowds up for the “Channel Orange” icon. Hit-making DJ Calvin Harris has also been tapped to “return to the desert.” And while presale starts Friday, Jan 13 at 11 a.m. PT, we found tickets available for both weekend one and weekend two already available on Vivid Seats before seats are officially on sale. Vivid Seats is a secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand. They have a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and will be delivered before the event.  We’re barely scratching the surface of Coachella’s expansive lineup. With a lineup made up of over 150 artists, here are just a few more of our favorites we’re stoked about (Ed note: this story was clearly written by an elder Millennial): Pusha T, TV Girl, SOFI TUKKER, Rae Sremmurd and Alex G. Heck, while we’re at it, we can’t wait to see Wet Leg, MUNA, Katytranada, Latto and Snail Mail too. Want a fuller picture? Here’s the iconic Coachella poster featuring all acts set to play the multi-weekend fest this year:  While we’re all sitting around our respective fireplaces warming ourselves up this winter, there’s no better time than the present to fire up a Chrome browser and snag tickets ahead of time for the biggest festivals coming this spring and summer. Here are just five of our favorite you want to look into booking to get ahead of the madding crowd. • Rolling Loud in Inglewood, CA (March 3-5) • Boston Calling in Boston, MA (May 26-28) • Bonnaroo in Manchester, TN (June 15-18) • Lollapalooza in Chicago, IL (Aug. 3-6) • Outside Lands in San Francisco, CA (Aug. 11-13)