Sebastian Maniscalco is classing things up this year. The down-to-earth comedian recently went full Vegas on his new Netflix special “Is It Me” wearing a tux onstage which gave his observational act an air of sophistication — while joking about how he didn’t understand “Hamilton.” And while we don’t know if he’ll continue the suit trend in 2023, we can say for certain that  Maniscalco will be in Sin City from January through May performing 12 shows at the Encore Theater in the Wynn Las Vegas. Now, he’s officially a “biggie big shot” just like his dad said. Best of all though, you won’t have to win big at blackjack or the slots to see Maniscalco live. In fact, at the time of publication, we found tickets going for as low as $90 before fees on Vivid Seats. For comparison, the cheapest seat available for Adele in Vegas is $812 before fees. Quite a difference. So, if you want to see Maniscalco without breaking the bank in the next few months, here’s everything you need to know.  A complete calendar of Maniscalco’s Wynn Las Vegas shows including dates, show start times and cheapest tickets available can be found below. (Note: The New York Post confirmed all above prices at the publication time. All prices are subject to fluctuation and include additional fees at checkout.) Vivid Seats is a verified secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand. They offer a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and your tickets will be delivered prior to the event.  On top of the tour, Maniscalco has quite a few exciting movies and tv shows hitting multiplexes and streaming services in the near future. Here’s a sneak peek at everything you can see Maniscalco in coming soon to  a theater or TV near you. “How To Be A Bookie” received an eight-episode pickup from HBO Max. The show centers around a tenured bookie who  has to adapt to a world where sports gambling has been legalized. Series regulars include Jorge Garcia (“Lost”), Vanessa Ferlito (“Grindhouse”), Andrea Anders (“Ted Lasso”) and Omar J. Dorsey (“The Blind Side”). “About My Father” is Maniscalco’s long-awaited passion project telling his story of when he let his old school Italian immigrant father Salvo (Robert DeNiro) know he was proposing to his American girlfriend. To make sure he gets a better idea of their values, Salvo spends  a weekend with her parents. The film also features Kim Cattrall, Leslie Bibb and Anders Holm. “Spinning Gold” tells the story of 1970s record producer and co-founder of Casablanca Records, Neil Bogart. The stacked cast lists Michelle Monaghan, Vincent Pastore, Jay Pharoah, Michael Ian Black and Chris Redd as just a few of Maniscalco’s co-stars (he’s playing famed composer Giorgio Moroder in the film). “The Super Mario Bros. Movie” received flak when the trailer for the animated film dropped but with a story about the The Super Mario Bros. on a journey through the Mushroom Kingdom, it’s hard to stay angry for too long especially when the voice cast has comedy ringers Chris Pratt, Charlie Day, Jack Black, Seth Rogen, Keegan Michael-Key and many more in it. “Somewhere In Queens” stars Ray Romano and Laurie Metcalf as Leo and Angela Russo. The pair maintain a charming Queens existence while dealing with their overly involved family until their high school age son becomes a stand out basketball player. Other supporting actors alongside Maniscalco include Jennifer Esposito, P.J. Byrne and Geoffrey Owens. You can also see Maniscalco in his ongoing Discovery+ reality food show “Well Done” where he explores the business of eating.  “Is It Me” isn’t Maniscalco’s first rodeo when it comes to hourlong specials. In fact, he’s been releasing a new hour at a regular clip since 2012. To get you up to speed, here’s where you can find each of the five that are available for your viewing pleasure. “What’s Wrong With People?” (2012) can be streamed on Netflix“Aren’t You Embarrassed?” (2014) can be streamed on Amazon Prime“Why Would You Do That?” (2016) can be streamed on Netflix“Stay Hungry” (2019) can be streamed on Netflix“Is It Me?” (2022) can be streamed on Netflix   The Entertainment Capital of the World has no shortage of legendary performers worthy  of residencies lining the Strip this year. Here are just five of our favorite can’t miss icons you won’t want to miss live when you’re not lounging poolside, enjoying a buffet or hitting the casino. • Adele • Katy Perry • Usher • Garth Brooks • Carrie Underwood