Bengals wide receiver Tee Higgins has been a beacon of support for Damar Hamlin’s family as the Bills safety remains in critical condition after suffering cardiac arrest during “Monday Night Football” in Cincinnati. “Tee Higgins has reached out multiple times,” Jordan Rooney — a friend and marketing representative for Hamlin who’s been speaking on behalf of the family — told WLWT’s Meredith Stutz. “He’s went above and beyond to show that he’s supportive. He has shown that he’s a great human being.” Hamlin collapsed on the field during the first quarter of the Bills-Bengals game on Monday after he stood up following a routine, clean tackle on Higgins. The 24-year-old, Hamlin was administered CPR by medical personnel and his heartbeat was restored on the field before he was transferred to the University of Cincinnati Medical Center, the Bills said. Rooney told the Cincinnati station Hamlin’s family is upset that Higgins would be receiving any backlash, saying there’s nothing he could have done to control the outcome of the situation. There has yet to be a specific explanation of what caused Hamlin to go into cardiac arrest. Higgins tweeted his support for Hamlin early Tuesday morning, writing, “My prayers and thoughts go out to @HamlinIsland the Hamlin Family. I’m praying that you pull through bro. Love.” Bills safety Damar Hamlin went into cardiac arrest during “Monday Night Football” against the Bengals. Follow the New York Post’s live coverage for the latest news and updates on his condition. That day, ESPN NFL analyst and former linebacker Bart Scott came under fire for accusations that he placed the blame on Higgins for the tragic incident. During an appearance on “First Take,” Scott discussed the play before Hamlin collapsed and explained that Higgins lowered his helmet, causing Hamlin’s chest to be exposed during the hit. Other NFL players, including Cowboys linebacker Micah Parsons, blasted Scott over his comments. The incident has seen the NFL community and beyond come together in solidarity to support Hamlin, who remains sedated on a ventilator in the intensive care unit at UC Medical Center. The second-year safety has showed signs of improvement throughout Tuesday and overnight, the Bills tweeted on Wednesday. The Bills-Bengals game was postponed after Hamlin’s medical emergency. The NFL announced Tuesday that the game will not resume this week and that the league has not made any changes to the Week 18 schedule.