Controversial influencer Andrew Tate, who is jailed in Romania on sex trafficking and rape allegations, blasted the criminal case that prosecutors are building against him Wednesday — claiming their case file on him was “empty.” “They know we have done nothing wrong,” Tate told reporters as he was escorted by law enforcement from a police van to the offices of DIICOT, Romania’s Directorate for Investigating Organized Crime and Terrorism. “This file is completely empty. Of course, it’s unjust, there is no justice in Romania unfortunately,” he continued. When asked if he has hurt women, the self-proclaimed misogynist replied: “Of course not.” Prosecutors on Wednesday were carrying out forensic searches of digital devices, in hopes of obtaining further evidence in the case. Tate, 36, and his brother Tristan, 34, were arrested in Bucharest along with two Romanian women on Dec. 29 on allegations of rape and forming a criminal ring that exploited women to create pornographic material. A judge ruled last week that the brothers will remain in court for an additional month, keeping them in custody through Feb. 27. Romanian prosecutors say the Tate brothers recruited victims through seduction, often pretending to want a relationship or marriage with their victims before taking them to properties on the outskirts of Bucharest. There, victims would be intimidated and met with physical violence while being forced to produce pornographic content for popular social media sites. Formal charges have not been filed, so neither brother has entered pleas. They unsuccessfully appealed their detention earlier this month. The former kick-boxer moved his now-shuttered sex cam operation to Romania in 2017 while he was being investigated for a 2015 rape in the UK. He previously said he moved to Romania because he enjoyed living in countries where corruption was accessible to everybody. The UK rape case, which he vehemently denied, was dropped in 2019 without charges. Upon their December arrest, police raids turned up stacks of money, designer watches, and even weapons, including guns, a hatchet, and swords from the Tate brothers’ properties. Several weeks later, Romanian authorities seized their fleet of luxury cars. “There is no evidence against me,” Tristian Tate told reporters Wednesday. “The authorities are planning to steal my cars and steal my money. That is why I am in jail.” Authorities have said the seizure was intended to prevent the assets from being sold or concealed. With Post wires