Bill Belichick has never been shy about suspending players who don’t adhere to his famous “Patriot way” philosophy, even at times in crucial moments. New England can lock up a spot in the playoffs with a win over the Bills on Sunday but they’ll have to do so without rookie cornerback Jack Jones and punter Jake Bailey, each of whom were put on the “reserve/suspended” list, according to the NFL transaction wire. Both players were previously on injured reserve, with Bailey having not played since early November against the Colts. It would also appear that the two key contributors are no longer in Belichick’s good graces. For Jones, this is an ominous end to an otherwise successful rookie season that saw him ranked as New England’s top-rated corner, according to Pro Football Focus. Among Jones’ notable plays this season was an interception of Aaron Rodgers that he returned for a touchdown against the Packers in Week 4. Jones, whom the Patriots drafted in the fourth round last April, was also seen packing up his locker last Friday, according to an ESPN report, which also said the 25-year-old out of Arizona State was suspended in part because he had missed several rehabilitation appointments. His agent, Jamal Tooson, said in a statement, “Jack is focused on recovering and getting back to help the Patriots as soon as possible. Regarding the suspension, it appears to be based on miscommunication regarding Jack’s rehab process. I’m hopeful we’ll reach an amicable resolution for both Jack and the Patriots.” As for Bailey, he had been gearing up for a return to game action and took part in some practice drills the last two weeks. ESPN’s report suggests he was suspended due to “differing viewpoints” on whether he was ready to play. Bailey’s agent Doug Henderson released a statement on Saturday expressing shock over the suspension and said they’ve filed a grievance over it. “While Jake Bailey was on IR he never missed a single treatment, meeting, or practice,” the statement said. “He was hoping to come off IR to play last weekend but was informed that he was being suspended these last two games. This comes as a surprise given his recent full participation during injury reserve.” The Patriots had opened Bailey’s practice window to return from IR in December. Bailey signed a three-year extension in August, with more than 60 percent of it guaranteed. If the Patriots, who have lost to the Bills in each of their last three meetings, lose again on Sunday, they can still make the postseason but would need the Jaguars to beat the Titans, the Jets to win against the Dolphins, and the Browns to defeat the Steelers.