Breaking news: evil has reappeared in the form of demons on the mysterious Jeju Island, and only two people in the world can save it. Our apologies. We may be getting a bit ahead of ourselves. We’re just so excited about Amazon Prime Video’s new pickup “Island” that we couldn’t wait to share it with you. The first two episodes hotly anticipated K-drama are on Prime Video right now, with six more coming soon, and while you may not have heard of it yet, we’re certain it’ll be all you’re talking about in a few weeks. “Island” follows the demon-hunter Van and hotel heiress Wan Mi-Ho, as they team up with a local priest, played by former K-pop idol Cha Eun-woo of Astro, to bring down the forces of evil on Jeju Island. Hooked yet? If you’re as ready as we are to dodge goblins, monsters, demons, and more, read on. Below, we’ve outlined more details about the series, the cast, and how you can watch. “Island” is streaming exclusively on Prime Video. If you don’t have a subscription already (and if you don’t, how have you been watching Thursday Night Football? Or the heart-wrenching documentary “Wildcat”? Or “The Boys,” or “Marvelous Mrs. Maisel” or… We digress), click the button below to start your 30-day free trial, and enjoy hours of movies, TV, and phenomenal Amazon Originals. As of Dec. 30, the first two episodes of “Island” are available to stream exclusively on Amazon Prime Video. Get a Prime Video subscription (if you don’t have one already), and send off 2022 with a bit of other-worldly action. Lately, as Prime Video has been expanding to different countries and markets (including in Indonesia, Thailand, and the Phillipines in August of this year), and the global success of Korean media, from BTS to “Parasite” and “Squid Game,” Amazon Prime Video has shown an increased interest in Korean programing. One of their first big pickups is “Island,” based on a popular webcomic of the same name, first published in 1997. The comic, as the television show, follows Van, played by Kim nan-gil, an immortal demon hunter, as he explores his mysterious past with hotel heiress Won Mi-ho (Lee Da-hee), and teams up with a priest (Cha Eun-woo) to bring down the folkloric forces of evil that have come to occupy Jeju Island. Curious about what happens next? There’s only one place to find out. Check out “Island” tonight on Amazon Prime Video. For more content, check out the New York Post Shopping section.