The husband of missing Massachusetts realtor Ana Walshe smiled as he was led into a Massachusetts courthouse Monday, where prosecutors revealed that blood and a broken knife were found by cops in the family’s basement, that he bought $450 of cleaning materials and that he allegedly searched online for how to dispose of a body, according to sources. Brian Walshe, 46, flashed a grin as police escorted him to Quincy District Court, where he was arraigned on charges of misleading investigators looking into his wife’s disappearance. Ana, a 39-year-old real estate agent and mother of three, disappeared after her husband claimed she took a rideshare service on New Year’s Day bound for Logan International Airport in Boston to head to Washington, D.C., for work. However, he did not report her missing until Jan. 4. Authorities claimed Monday Walshe had not been honest with police about his movements after his wife’s disappearance and not told them about his trip to purchase cleaning equipment from Home Depot around 4 p.m. Jan. 2. Prosecutor Lynn Beland said Walshe had bought mops, a bucket and tarps, “dropcloths, as well as various kinds of tape” and that he wore a surgical mask and gloves during the trip and paid in cash, according to FOX News. Investigators have also found Walshe made internet searches for “how to dispose of a 115-pound woman’s body” and how to go about dismembering a body, law enforcement sources told CNN. Detectives could also not find a record from any of the main rideshare services making a pickup at the Walshe residence on the morning of Ana’s disappearance. Beland also told the court Monday that when cops searched the family home, “Blood was found in the basement area, as well as a knife, which also contains some blood … Part of the knife was damaged.” Sometime art dealer Walshe is currently under house arrest pending sentencing on federal wire-fraud charges, according to court documents, and has to get permission to leave his house. He told police in an interview he last saw his wife just after 6 a.m. as she had to fly to Washington, DC, where she worked during the week, to take care of a work emergency. That day Walshe had been cleared to drive his mother home after having recovered from cataract surgery, prosecutors said. Walshe told investigators his mother had recovered more quickly than expected and had driven herself home, so he used the allotted time to pick her up and run errands at Whole Foods and CVS near Swampscott, Mass., but video footage from the stores did not show him enter either. The next day, Walshe told investigators, he’d gone out for ice cream with his son during the allotted school dropoff time, as it was a holiday. Prosecutors claimed, however, security footage instead placed him at Home Depot. The affidavit against Walshe states: “The intentional, willful and direct responses to questions about his whereabouts on the days of Sunday, January 1, 2023, and Monday, January 2, 2023, were a clear attempt to mislead and delay investigators.” However, Walshe’s defense attorney Tracy Miner said he had simply forgotten to mention his trip to Home Depot to officers and pointed out how he has “been incredibly cooperative” with police, letting them search his phone and home. Walshe previously pleaded guilty to federal fraud charges in 2021 after stealing two authentic Andy Warhol paintings from a friend and trying to pass off replicas of them he created as the real thing, NBC Boston reported. At the hearing Monday, Walshe pleaded not guilty and was ordered held on $500,000 bail. At this stage, he only stands charged with misleading a police investigation while authorities are still looking into Ana’s disappearance. Walshe will next appear in court Feb. 9.