The riveting and heart-palpitating way the Rangers rallied to defeat the Stars on Thursday officially debunked what many had feared about the team. There was a point earlier in the 2022-23 campaign in which it looked as if there might have been some quit in the Rangers. But K’Andre Miller’s game-tying goal with 0.9 seconds left in regulation and Adam Fox’s unrelenting overtime winner only further confirmed that this team — which is on a 13-2-2 tear — still has the same DNA of the 2021-22 squad that turned heads all season long en route to a conference final finish. “We are starting to feel that same type of momentum and pull as last year,” Miller told The Post after practice in Tarrytown on Saturday. “Showing up to the rink, having that same type of feeling from game to game, is something that you can carry into the next game. I think just that belief, believing that even though we might be down, we’re not out.” The 2-1 overtime victory over Dallas was the Rangers’ 12th comeback win of the season, which was tied for the second-most in the NHL heading into Saturday night. Last season, the Blueshirts came from behind and won 27 times during the regular season and four times during the playoffs. Only two other teams, the Panthers and the Avalanche, totaled more comeback victories (32) in 2021-22. Asked what an emotional win like the one over the Stars will do for the Rangers’ locker room, Miller said it could mean a lot. “It continues to show our resiliency as a group — and belief — is the biggest thing,” he added. “That’s something that this group has learned over the course of the last two and a half years or so. Just the ups and downs of a season — sicknesses, injuries, all those other things. I think we’ve done a good job of adapting to our situations when they present themselves and still coming to the rink with a good attitude and willingness to be better.” The intangible spark and gutsy mentality the Rangers developed over last season has seemingly returned, after a brief hiatus. It had to have always been there, especially considering the Rangers returned a majority of their core veterans and youngsters. Perhaps it means more to them now that they’ve seen what happens when they play without it. The Rangers are once again playing like a team that won’t go away quietly. The Hurricanes, who were four points ahead of the Rangers before hosting the Penguins on Saturday, and the Devils, who were two points ahead of the Rangers before their game at the Kings, are surely looking over their shoulders. For a majority of the past two seasons, the Rangers have just had that effect. “I think just having that same intensity as last year,” Miller said. “It seems like the same makeup of the team and the same personnel for the most part. I think just realizing that and realizing that we do have a lot of the same tools that we had last year to win those games. We have the same tools to be as good or even better.”