We’re back with three more player props during tonight’s loaded ten-game NBA slate. NBA on ESPN will feature a high-profile doubleheader, with Ben Simmons returning to Philadelphia as the Nets face Joel Embiid and the Sixers before the Warriors host the Grizzlies in the nightcap. But tonight, we’re targeting a few other games, one involving one of the best shooters of all-time and two more solid starters that should see a boost in production thanks to some teammate injuries. With that, here are our best bets for those games during Wednesday night’s action. It’s been a breakout season for Kuzma, who has indicated in recent months that he plans to test free agency this summer. The 27-year-old is averaging a career-high 22 points per game, along with 7.6 rebounds and four assists. The Wizards showed this week that they plan to give him even more responsibility after Rui Hachimura was traded to the Lakers. Washington is facing a Rockets team that has been miserable on defense this season, and Kuzma should have every opportunity to stuff the stat sheet. Houston is third-to-last in defensive efficiency this season and is giving up more threes (14.4) than any other team. But what will really put Kuzma over the top is the absence of Kristaps Porzingis, who suffered an ankle injury last week. Without Porzingis on the floor this season, Kuzma is averaging 26.2 points in five games, scoring at least 21 in each of the contests. Between Porzingis and Hachimura, that’s about 47 minutes and 35 points per game missing from the Wizards’ front line. Last night, those minutes were filled by Corey Kispert, Deni Avdija, and Daniel Gafford, who are all a significant step below the scorers that Porzingis and Hachimura are, and Kuzma went off for 30 points. Kuzma will have both the talent and opportunity edge to get over the hump here. It’s hard to bet against a player like Damian Lillard, but if there was ever a night to do it, it’s this one. The Jazz aren’t the best team on the defensive end, but they are spectacular at one thing: avoiding opponent 3-pointers. Coach Will Hardy has made it a point to run shooters off the 3-point line, giving up just 31.4 attempts (third-least) and 11.2 makes (second-least) from three per game. Lillard suffered through Utah’s strategy firsthand in mid-November when he had perhaps his worst game of the year before leaving with a calf injury in the second half. Lillard shot just 1-12 from three with 13 points in 27 minutes in that one. The six-time All-Star’s recent eye-popping scoring numbers may be clouding this line as well. Lillard has, indeed, been lighting it up this month, averaging 32.1 points per game and 35.6 over his last nine games, specifically. But he’s done it by making slightly fewer threes than normal. His 3.6 makes from deep per game are actually a tick lower than last month (four), despite the hot scoring streak, and a half-make lower than his last two healthy seasons. Lillard has also made fewer than 3.5 threes in seven of 12 games this month, so it wouldn’t be all that surprising for another occurrence against this wonky Jazz defense. At plus-odds, it’s worth a gamble fading the future Hall of Famer. Capela should give the Thunder all kinds of fits on the boards tonight. The nine-year NBA veteran is among the best rebounders in basketball. Capela led the NBA in rebounding during the 2020-21 season with 14.3 per game while playing just 30.1 minutes. Before going out with a calf injury in mid-December, Capela was once again among the league leaders. But his stats have taken a dip as coach Nate McMillan eases him back into the lineup. Capela didn’t play more than 24 minutes in any of his first four games back. But on Monday, Capela finally got some run, playing 36 minutes and grabbing 12 boards thanks to the absence of Atlanta’s backup center Onyeka Okongwu (hamstring). Now, on Wednesday, Capela faces off against one of the worst rebounding teams in basketball in the Thunder. OKC is giving up 47.4 rebounds per game, which is more than a full rebound higher than the next-highest team. It’s nearly certain that someone will reach double-digit rebounds against the Thunder every night they take the court. Oklahoma City has given up 10+ rebounds to an opposing player on 52 different occasions despite playing just 47 games thus far, including Capela, who killed the Thunder on the boards with 16 on Dec. 5. With Okongwu and De’Andre Hunter (illness) — another decent rebounder — questionable again tonight, Capela should clean up the glass in bunches.