Supermodel Stephanie Seymour wears her heart out on her sleeve in her first photo shoot and interview since the tragic death of her son, Harry Brant. Seymour, 54, the 1990s-era supermodel who came up with the likes of Naomi Campbell and Christy Turlington, took a break from the flashbulbs when her son Harry, an up-and-coming model, died at 24 from an accidental prescription drug overdose. The mom of four spoke out about coping with grief and honored her late son with a photo shoot wearing his favorite suit and baring his name on her back in an interview with WSJ Magazine. “It was almost a year in the making, this shoot,” Seymour told WSJ. She found her strength leaning into her son’s memory — and his love of fashion in the cover shoot — shot by Dan Jackson and on newsstands Feb. 11. Seymour is finding a way to keep her son’s memory alive by celebrating his life through his vibrant wardrobe, beginning with her stepping into his clothes and perhaps lending them to other models as well. She appears in one of the black-and-white photos wearing a Saint Laurent by Hedi Slimane suit, modeling the trousers and holding the jacket close to her chest. Her bare back is facing the camera with her son’s name painted in script. “It still feels so good to put his clothes on,” Seymour told the magazine. “I packed up these huge trunks with all his things, and I have this idea that I want to keep photographing his clothes because I think he would love it.” The model wed billionaire business magnate and art collector Peter Brant in 1995. The duo have three children — Peter Jr., Harry and Lily — in addition to Seymore’s first son, Dylan Thomas Andrews, from her previous marriage to Tommy Andrews and Brant’s first child, Ryan Brant, with his first wife, Sandra Brant. As a teen, Harry wrote for Interview, appeared in Balmain campaigns and Italian Vogue, and was frequently seen socializing with top models reminiscent of his mother. The flamboyant fashion plate and his brother, Peter Jr., 29, were often described as the male version of celebrity sisters Paris and Nicky Hilton, sitting front row at fashion shows and spotted frequently on the New York City nightlife circuit. Harry died on Jan. 17, 2021. Stephanie and Peter said in a statement at the time that their son “lost his battle with addiction days before reentering rehab,” Page Six reported. “Harry was not just our son, he was also a wonderful brother, loving grandson, favorite uncle and a caring friend. He was a creative, loving and powerful soul that brought light into so many people’s hearts. He was truly a beautiful person inside and out,” they shared in the statement with Page Six after his passing. Seymour also shared exciting news that her eldest son, Dylan, welcomed a son in October, named after his late uncle, Harry. Seymour revealed to WSJ Magazine that she’s staying grounded in the present, relishing time with her grandchildren. “I try to just be present. For me with holidays, and I’m sure a lot of other people can relate, it’s difficult now because I’m always thinking of what’s missing,” she said. “There’s nothing that’s helped me get through all of this more than my grandchildren.”