Classic rock is alive and well. Bruce Springsteen is about to kick off his first tour in seven years, Billy Joel is teaming up with Stevie Nicks for a limited run of concerts starting in the spring and Dead and Company will conduct their final run of shows ever (supposedly) this summer. Let’s not forget about The Eagles though. The group that brought the world “Hotel California,” “Take It Easy,” “Peaceful Easy Feeling,” “One Of These Nights,” “Life In The Fast Lane” and many other timeless hits that have been playing on FM radio for nearly half a century are trotting the classics out for a quick 13-show run from February through April as part of their ongoing North American “Hotel California Tour.” At all shows, the group will perform “Hotel California” in full as well as a few choice cuts during their encore. Best of all, they’ll be bringing breezy Cali vibes to Newark’s Prudential Center on April 7. So, if you want to see the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame inductees live, here’s everything you need to know.  A complete calendar featuring all upcoming tour dates, venues and the cheapest tickets available for each show can be found below. (Note: The New York Post confirmed all above prices at the publication time. All prices are subject to fluctuation and include additional fees at checkout.) Vivid Seats is a verified secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand. They offer a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and your tickets will be delivered prior to the event.  When you’ve been around since 1971 (!), a bit of shuffling when it comes to band members is expected. Still, to this day, 75-year-old, founding member Don Henley (drums, vocals, also known for the ’80s smash “Boys of Summer), continues to tour with the group. On the road, he’ll be joined by Joe Walsh (also of the James Gang and Ringo Starr’s All Starr Band), Timothy B. Schmit (bassist and vocalist, played with Poco) and 22-time Grammy winner Vince Gill.  As classic rock gets more, well, classic, the stars that defined the genre are hanging on for one last gasp. Here are just five of the biggest stars on tour you won’t want to miss when they come to a city near you this year. • Journey • ZZ Top with Lynyrd Skynyrd • Jimmy Buffett • John Mellencamp • Foreigner Still not enough for you? Check out our list of the 22 biggest classic rockers on tour in 2023 here.