Camille Vasquez, the attorney who became a media sensation while representing actor Johnny Depp in his defamation case against ex-wife Amber Heard, has landed a gig at NBC News. Vasquez made her initial appearance on the network in an official capacity on Monday morning, when “Today” host Hoda Kotb introduced the attorney as an “NBC News legal analyst.” “I’m thrilled to be joining the NBC family as a legal analyst. I grew up watching the ‘Today’ show and it’s such a privilege to now be part of a world-class, dedicated team discussing the most important legal stories of the day,” Vasquez told The Post on Monday. The network also confirmed Vasquez’s hiring in a tweet. Media outlets reportedly engaged in a fierce competition to land Vasquez’s services, with “at least three national news divisions” attempting to hire her as an analyst or contributor, according to the Hollywood Reporter. Vasquez became a household name and viral sensation last year during the highly-scrutinized Depp trial, where she served as lead attorney alongside Benjamin Chew. She frequently sparred with Heard during the trial’s cross-examination phase. The case culminated in a win for Depp and more than $10 million in damages. In her first appearance on NBC, Vasquez provided analysis on the legal fallout from the arrest of Brian Kohberger, the suspect currently in custody for the murders of four college students in Moscow, Idaho last year. The attorney said prosecutors had an “extremely strong” case against Kohberger. “The police and the investigators are not in the business of telling us everything they have,” Vasquez said. “They want to put enough to get probable cause to get a judge to sign that search warrant.” Vasquez is a partner at Brown Rudnick, where she serves as co-chair of the law firm’s brand & reputation management group. “Camille is adept at formulating offensive and defensive litigation strategies for private clients,” her bio on the law firm’s website says. “She also has extensive experience handling parallel reputation management and crisis communications issues arising from these engagements.”