A Hunter Biden email about Ukraine from 2014 looks ‘suspiciously’ like it could have come from classified information, a leading GOP senator has claimed. Ron Johnson (R-Wis.) said the April 12, 2014 message to one of the first son’s business partners resembles documents that the State Department gives members of the Senate when they travel overseas. “It reads like one of those scene-setters — highly detailed information in terms of Ukraine,” Johnson told Fox News Tuesday. The email from Hunter to Devon Archer includes a granular 22-point memo the Biden scion described as “thoughts after doing some research.” Those “thoughts” include the prescient predictions that Petro Poroshenko would be elected Ukraine’s president the following month and that “some sort of decentralization will likely occur in the East.” “If it doesn’t the Russians will continue to escalate there [sic] destabilization campaign, which could lead to a full scale take over of the eastern region most critically Donetsk,” Hunter Biden wrote. “The strategic value is to create a land bridge for RU[ssia] to Crimea.” The 1,300-word email — far more detailed and lengthy than anything else found on Hunter’s abandoned laptop — also referenced an upcoming trip to Ukraine by then-Vice President Joe Biden and appeared to acknowledge the older Biden’s penchant for gaffes. “The announcement of my guys [sic] upcoming travels should be characterized as part of our advice and thinking — but what he will say and do is out of our hands,” Hunter Biden wrote. “In other words it could be a really good thing or it could end up creating too great an expectation. We need to temper expectations regarding that visit.” Johnson noted that the email was written at the same time “when Devon Archer and Hunter Biden were trying to get on the board of [Ukrainian energy company] Burisma and get their $3, $4 million worth of payday trying to prove their worth.” “Three days later, Vice President Biden meets with Devon Archer in the White House,” he said. “Then [Joe Biden] goes to Ukraine and is listed as the face of the Obama administration in Ukraine.” “It’s obvious Hunter Biden is selling access to information,” Johnson added. “Does that have anything to do with some of the classified documents Vice President Biden was squirreling away in his residence? I don’t know, but it looks incredibly suspicious.” However, an official with knowledge of Ukraine intelligence matters scoffed at the notion that the email may have been gleaned from classified information, telling The Post late Wednesday: “It sounds like something he got from Wikipedia or a YouTube interview — like a paraphrased version of open-source reporting.” Hunter Biden and Devon Archer were both named to the Burisma board of directors, with the first son getting paid as much as $83,000 a month — equivalent to $1 million a year — despite having no experience in the energy industry, according to information stored on his infamous laptop. But that salary was slashed after Joe Biden left office and Hunter Biden resigned from the board in April 2019, when his business dealings began complicating his dad’s White House bid. Johnson — who, with fellow Sen. Chuck Grassley (R-Iowa), has been investigating Hunter Biden’s controversial overseas business dealings — added: “We’re starting to stitch together this sordid story of sleaze and corruption.” In October 2020, The Post exclusively revealed the existence of Hunter Biden’s laptop with a blockbuster scoop about how he introduced his father to a top Burisma exec in 2015. An email also showed that Vadym Pozharskyi, who advised the company’s board, asked Hunter Biden for “advice on how you could use your influence” on Burisma’s behalf.