When Liz Martinez took a job as an assistant manager at Dry Bar on the Lower East Side last summer, she initially loved it. The 22-year-old delighted in overseeing daily operations, supervising the hairstylists and catering to customers. But, after a few months, she said her workload became overwhelming with tasks, like doing weekly reports, that were outside of her job description. Feeling burnt out, the Jamaica, Queens resident appealed to her boss as well as folks in headquarters, asking for fewer responsibilities. The requests, she said, fell on deaf ears. (Dry Bar did not immediately respond to The Post’s request for a comment.) So, on October 22, Martinez walked into the salon’s break room and made a TikTok announcing her resignation. In the post, she lip-synced Moe’s “Outta There” — a rap song with the lyrics “I’m out of there. I’m gone” — flashed a peace sign and turned to the door. Martinez then texted the TikTok, which went on to score over 477,800 views, to her manager and never looked back. “I didn’t feel like I needed to give a two [week notice] because I didn’t feel like the company respected me and my needs,” Martinez told The Post. The idea of giving two weeks notice when leaving a job is the latest workplace norm to be torn down by Generation Z, like after work drinks and using the thumbs up emoji before it. On TikTok, the hashtag #NoTwoWeekNotice has over 122,000 views. A January 2022 survey, conducted by brokerage Clever Real Estate, of 1,000 Americans who’d quit their jobs amid the Great Resignation movement found that 49% of respondents offered their employers one-week notice or less, while 1 in 4 workers gave no notice at all before leaving. “Putting in two week notice in a toxic work environment, where you’re being overworked, underpaid or disrespected in anyway, only leaves you vulnerable to more gaslighting and mistreatment from your boss for another two weeks,” said Jordan Howlett, a 25-year-old in Oceanside California. He left a job as a waiter in April 2020 and has since become a full-time lifestyle content creator. Online, he scored over 14.3 million TikTok views with a video extolling the virtues of giving no notice. “This new generation of workers…they’re realizing that two week notices are useless,” said Howlett in the popular post. “A job can fire you at any point and time, and not treat you with any respect at all or even care for your well being.” “Why would you respect a company, who doesn’t even see you as a person?,” he continued. “They just see you as a replaceable asset.” While abrupt departures might make finding a new job difficult, employment lawyer Paige Sparks told The Post that the majority of hiring managers won’t ever know the gory details of an employee’s impromptu egress. “Most companies [onboarding new employees] will only confirm the dates of employment and the position held [with that person’s former employer],” Sparks told The Post. “I wouldn’t worry about your old boss giving your new boss a bad review because you didn’t give a two week notice. It’s just a courtesy. There’s no federal law requiring it.” However, Sparks — who offers her 321,000 digital followers employee rights information rather than legal advice, and urges her audience to consult a local lawyer with their specific work-related issues — does caution again leaving a job if you’re under contract. “The repercussions of breaching an employment contract vary,” said Sparks. “Some may require the employee to pay damages or attorneys fees [that the company accrued for taking legal action against you for] violating the agreement.” Martinez wasn’t worried about getting another gig when she left DryBar. She’d already secured a new position as a retail supervisor at an athletics apparel chain in Manhattan. “It felt good to just leave,” she said. “And now I have job that makes me feel valued.”