Brandon Staley’s decision to play starters in a meaningless Week 18 game could have massive ramifications for the Chargers. Wide receiver Mike Williams sustained a “small, non-surgical fracture in his back,” according to ESPN’s Lindsey Thirty, and he’s expected to miss 2-3 weeks. That’d keep him out barring a Super Bowl run by Los Angeles. Late in the second quarter against the Broncos, Williams took a screen pass and sprinted five yards before being tackled from behind. He gingerly walked toward the sideline before trainers helped him the rest of the way. The CBS broadcast later showed Williams on a cart, heading toward the locker room. “I stand behind what we did in that football game,” Staley said in his Thursday press conference. “All my players are really important to me. There were a lot of players that were playing in that game that were in harm’s way. That’s just the nature of football, and it’s very difficult to decide who plays and who doesn’t — and who’s more valuable than the rest. “What you’re trying to do is set a standard for your program about how you do things, and that’s what I believe in. I didn’t want anybody to get hurt in that game, regardless of their status, because everybody’s important.” Staley had said earlier in his press conference that Williams was “progressing” and “getting treatment,” and Staley anticipated his status hinging on a pregame workout. That changed in the next 24 hours, though. “We’re at the point of the season where the reps aren’t what matter,” Staley said. “The rest is, in his case. Just trying to get him as much rest up until game-time.” The Chargers had already clinched a postseason berth entering Week 18 and after the results of the 1 pm games, Los Angeles was locked into the No. 5 seed regardless of the result against the lowly Broncos. But Staley said postgame that Los Angeles was trying “to compete in the game” and have its starters make it through a good portion. The second-year head coach known for his aggressive fourth-down tactics gambled once more, though this one led to a negative consequence — in addition to a 31-28 loss. Williams, the 28-year-old wideout who led the NFL in yards per reception in 2019, had already missed four games during the regular season with a high-ankle sprain. Instead of having a healthy group of wide receivers for their wild-card matchup against the Jaguars, the Chargers will instead have to adapt without Williams, his 895 receiving yards and his four touchdowns. Five-time Pro Bowl wideout Keenan Allen and second-year wideout Joshua Palmer will serve as Justin Herbert’s top two targets, along with the attention running back Austin Ekeler generates out of the backfield.