It’s a bird, it’s a plane, it’s — Congressman-elect Robert Garcia. One of the newest arrivals in Washington will swear to “bear true faith and allegiance” to the US Constitution — on one of the rarest and most valuable comic books in the world. The California Democrat will hold the rare “Superman” comic along with a copy of the founding document, a photo of his late parents and his citizenship certificate as he takes the House of Representatives oath, his office told The Post on Tuesday. “Congressman Robert Garcia will be sworn in on the Constitution,” Sara Guerrero, a spokeswoman for Garcia, said in a statement. “With him he will be bringing a photo of his parents who he lost to COVID, his citizenship certificate, and an original Superman No. 1. “Congressman Garcia learned to read and write in English by reading Superman comics so it’s especially exciting he was able to borrow this rare copy from the kind folks at the Library of Congress,” Guerrero added. The pristine comic, published in the summer of 1939, was spotted Tuesday along with other sacred texts that lawmakers will use to pledge allegiance to truth, justice and the American way. The Library of Congress typically provides historic volumes — such as Thomas Jefferson’s copy of the Quran or Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.’s Bible — that lawmakers use during their swearing-in ceremony. The very first comic featuring Clark Kent as the Man of Steel is considered to be the holy grail for comic book collectors. In April, a copy of Superman No. 1 sold at auction for a record-breaking $5.3 million. In November, Garcia, the former mayor of Long Beach, Calif., tweeted out a photo of the same Superman comic spotted on Tuesday alongside a Spider-Man No. 1 with the caption:  “I’m going to have a hard time deciding which one to check out first.” The incoming congressman, 45, could barely contain his enthusiasm after his November election victory when he realized his new job would allow him access to the largest comic collection in America. “Ok y’all I’m freaking out. This is the Congressional members reading room in the Library of Congress. I can pull any comic book from what is the largest public comic collection in the country and read them here. Let’s go!” The California Democrat, who is the first openly gay immigrant in Congress, has called comics both “an essential part of American fiction” and “serious s—.” “For all of you upset that I still read comics and suggesting that I need to do more serious reading…..um…….anyone who understands comics knows that comics are an essential part of American fiction. And the lessons learned are invaluable. It’s serious s—,” he tweeted in November. Garcia’s swearing-in will have to wait another day as the House adjourned Tuesday without selecting a new speaker, which it must do before inaugurating new members or conducting any other business. Republican Leader Kevin McCarthy failed to attain the required 218 votes to become House speaker on the first three ballots cast.