A former construction worker who lost his foot while working at Ground Zero following 9/11 has called on House Speaker Kevin McCarthy to move against Rep. George Santos over his lies that his mother was a victim of the 2001 terror atrocity. “I pray that leadership, that Kevin McCarthy finds that last ounce of dignity and does the right thing,” John Feal told CNN’s Anderson Cooper Thursday night. “And I don’t think that will happen.” “This is about an evil man who maliciously lied, cheated, conned, and didn’t care the trail that he left behind,” Feal added. “And to me, that’s — it’s un-American, it’s unpatriotic.” Santos (R-NY), 34, who reps the Third District in parts of Long Island and Queens, claimed on his campaign website that his mother, Fatima A.C.H. Devolder, was working in the South Tower of the World Trade Center on the morning of Sept. 11, 2001. “She survived the tragic events … but she passed away a few years later when she lost her battle to cancer,” the biography said. Immigration records obtained this week by the Forward, however, indicate that Devolder was in her native Brazil for the entirety of 2001. Feal, 56, was a demolition supervisor at Ground Zero in the days after the attack. His foot was crushed by a steel beam on the site, and later had to be partially amputated. He has since become an advocate for 9/11 first responders, and worked closely with comedian Jon Stewart to secure federal health funding for workers impacted by the tragedy. “I probably had about 3- or 400 text message and emails today,” Feal told Cooper. “Most of them were from widows. And one thing I learned about 18 years ago in the 9/11 community, you don’t tick off a 9/11 widow … We’re a finite number in the 9/11 community. We’re getting smaller. We lose somebody on average every day, and we’re disrespected.” “Kevin McCarthy can easily fix this,” he went on. “He can fix this. And if Kevin, if you’re watching and if you’re listening, be a man. Man up. Show the leadership that you were voted in for and do the right thing. This man is leaving a trail of pain behind him, and nobody’s doing anything about it.” Santos’ egregious 9/11 fib is merely the latest of his tall tales to come undone. In the past several weeks, he has been exposed for telling bogus stories about his education, professional background and personal life. Speaking to The Post on Friday morning, Feal called Santos a “pathological liar.” “There is no place in Congress for George Santos,” he insisted. “He needs to be in a mental institution. He is now an international security risk.” Feal also noted he has known McCarthy (R-Calif.) for over a decade, and was disappointed by his lack of action so far against Santos. “The people of [Santos’] district deserve better,” he said. “It’s not just the 9/11 community [impacted by his lies] — it’s the American people.”