It has been quite an eventful rookie season for Kayvon Thibodeaux, the personable and emotive outside linebacker who again came up big with a splash play for the Giants. Thibodeaux made sure Colts quarterback Nick Foles did not make it to halftime of Sunday’s rousing 38-10 victory at MetLife Stadium. A blind-side sack of Foles late in the second quarter sent the veteran quarterback to the turf. Thibodeaux also hit the turf, celebrating by doing a snow angel — which did not sit well with the Colts. “Hopefully his teammates will — maybe one day he’ll learn that injuries happen in this league, you never want to happen to the guy that you’re going against,” Colts center Ryan Kelly told reporters after the game. “That’s just horses–t.” Thibodeaux said as he was celebrating he did not realize Foles was hurt and added he got to his feet and stopped celebrating when he noticed the Colts’ quarterback was down. On the sideline, Thibodeaux put his hands together on the side of his face, a “night-night’’ gesture to the fans behind the Giants’ bench. It was sack No. 4 of the season for Thibodeaux. The cart came out for Foles, but he was eventually able to walk off the field. He did not return to the game, out with what the Colts described as a rib injury, with Sam Ehlinger moving in at quarterback in the second half. “Hate it for him,’’ Colts interim head coach Jeff Saturday said. “He was out there fighting, doing his best. You don’t want any player to … having to run out, definitely [not] when carts start coming out. I was happy at least he got up, moved off and he’s moving around the locker room, but obviously in a ton of pain.’’ “The crowd was electric,’’ Thibodeaux said. “I think that is what we are going to need moving forward. Whatever home games we do get, however we can travel, fans — y’all need to be there.’’ This was the final home game of the season for the Giants, unless they advance to the NFC Championship game to play the No. 7 seed in the conference. Brian Daboll gave the players off on Monday and gave his team a warning after the Giants clinched a playoff berth. “I just said, ‘Congrats. Let’s be a pro. Let’s be smart tonight,’ ’’ Daboll said. “ ‘It’s OK to be happy. You’ve achieved the first goal of probably every NFL team — to make the playoffs.’ So, I said they should enjoy it, but let’s be smart outside the building. Let’s not ruin anything that we’ve been building towards. And this is the most important time of year. Now we’re in January. So, do the right thing. You did the right thing on the field. Let’s do the right thing off the field.’’ Saquon Barkley ran for 6 yards on the final play of the third quarter, giving him 1,308 yards for the season. That established a career high for Barkley, who had 1,307 rushing yards as a rookie in 2018. Barkley finished the game with 12 carries for 58 yards and has 1,312 rushing yards this season. … Daboll became the fifth head coach in Giants history to make the playoffs in his first season. Daboll joins this company: Allie Sherman (1961), Dan Reeves (1993), Jim Fassel (1997) and Ben McAdoo (2016). DL Leonard Williams left in the third quarter with a burner. Williams has been bothered for weeks with a neck issue. … Xavier McKinney started at free safety after missing the past seven games with three fractured fingers on his left hand.