Have you ever been sitting around with your friends, goofing off, playing a game, chatting, and suddenly think to yourself: “Wow. This would make a great TV show.” You’re not alone in thinking that, and if you haven’t: congratulations on being a grounded, well-adjusted person. Some of the most iconic TV shows of all time have blossomed from a star-to-be deciding that their life was interesting enough to take up space on the small screen, like “Seinfeld” or “Girls.” “The Legend of Vox Machina,” similarly, began as a game between friends. That game? Dungeons and Dragons. Before there was “The Legend of Vox Machina,” there was Critical Role, a web series that brought together voice actors to play a 115-episode long D&D campaign. The first season of the animated adaptation, “The Legend of Vox Machina” broke crowd-funding records, before it was picked up by Amazon. After a long wait, the second season of this animated fantasy-comedy premieres on Prime Video today, Jan. 20. Below, we’ve outlined more details about the series, the ploy, and how you can watch it today. Like the first season, season two of “The Legend of Vox Machina”, is streaming exclusively on Amazon Prime Video. If you don’t already have a subscription, now’s a good time to get one. It seems like every week, there are more reasons to try one (or try out a 30-day free trial). In addition to “The Legend of Max Machina,” a Prime Video subscription offers an impressive slate of some of the 2022’s biggest movies, including “My Policeman,” and award-winning original series like “The Boys,” “A League of Their Own,” and “Marvelous Ms. Maisel,” and hundreds of movies and binge-able TV shows, to name a few. As of today, Jan. 20, the first three episodes of “The Legend of Vox Machina” are streaming now exclusively on Amazon Prime Video. The remaining nine episodes will be released in weekly batches of three over the next three weeks. Get a Prime Video subscription (if you don’t have one already), and get your geek on. Here’s the basics: “The Legend of Vox Machina” takes place on a world called Exandria, and is filled to the brim with everything you’d expect: wizards, witches, ogres, giants…you know the drill. The titular Vox Machina are a drunken, motley crew of mercenaries, whose paths change and outlooks widen as they learn a more about themselves and their pasts. There’s a lot of plot in the first season, but the most important thing to know is that early on in season one, Vox Machina killed a dragon disguised as a human, General Krieg (David Tennant). The season ended on a huge fireball of a cliffhanger, as their past deeds came back to haunt them in the form of four massive dragons, all bent on revenge. Curious to know what happens next? There’s only one way to find out: stream the first three episodes of “The Legend of Vox Machina” Season Two today on Amazon Prime Video. For more content, check out the New York Post Shopping section.