Bristol Palin revealed Wednesday she has undergone her ninth breast reconstruction surgery. The Texas real estate agent, 32, snapped a photo of herself fashioned in a compression bra, complete with surgical drains, which appeared to be filling with a red fluid. “Sharing wayyyyy [too much information] right now, but had my 9th breast reconstruction surgery last night — yes, NINTH,” Palin wrote on the photo shared to her Instagram Stories. “All stemming from a botched breast reduction I had when I was 19.” “I’ve had previous surgeries trying to correct that initial damage of muscle tissue and terrible scarring. The whole situation has honestly made me very self-conscious my entire adult life,” she continued. While she’s “praying” the ninth time’s the charm, she’s determined to “stay positive,” all while begging for show recommendations during her recovery. The Post reached out to Palin for comment. She’s no stranger to cosmetic surgeries, revealing her tummy tuck scar on Instagram in 2021. “Let’s get reeeel for a sec,” Palin said in the video. “I post what I want y’all to see…. from decent angles… and not from insecurities/scars (visible or not).” The mom-of-three zoomed in on the incision scar on her abdomen, adding that it’s something she typically doesn’t share. Bristol, the eldest daughter of former Alaska governor and former vice presidential candidate Sarah Palin, appeared on the MTV series “Teen Mom OG” in 2018 after giving birth to her son, Tripp, at the age of 18 with her then-boyfriend, Levi Johnston. She welcomed two more children, Sailor and Atlee, with now-ex-husband Dakota Meyer. Palin left the reality show after just one season, following her divorce from Meyer. “Teen mom OG wasn’t a fit for me, it took away my peace.. and honestly — my peace has a price tag that no one but God can afford,” she stated on Instagram in 2019. “$ doesn’t impress me, I don’t entertain bs, and walking away from this show allows God to rebuild me (and my little fam) in the right direction. I have love for all the girls on the show, and wish them the best of luck in all their future endeavors!!”