Nick Carter, 42, revealed Friday that he will be performing a song he wrote in honor of his late brother Aaron Carter at “The Songs for Tomorrow” benefit concert. The concert — hosted by Carter’s sister Angel Conrad and *NYSNC member Lance Bass — will raise awareness for mental health and was partly inspired by the younger Carter who died at the age of 34 in November, reports Billboard. “My heart is broken. Even though my brother and I have had a complicated relationship, my love for him has never ever faded,” Carter wrote on Instagram following his brother’s death. “I have always held on to the hope that he would somehow, someday want to walk a healthy path and eventually find the help that he so desperately needed.” “Sometimes we want to blame someone or something for a loss, but the truth is that addiction and mental illness is the real villain here,” Carter continued. “On January 18th, Angel Conrad and Lance Bass will be hosting Songs for Tomorrow with proceeds benefitting On Our Sleeves, the movement for children’s mental health, reads the website hosting the concert. “Inspired by her late twin brother Aaron Carter and his lifelong struggles with mental illness, Angel’s mission is to honor the memory of her brother and open up an important and necessary conversation.” “The goal of Songs For Tomorrow is to empower the attendees (and beyond) to learn how they can be part of the mission of On Our Sleeves to break the stigma around mental health and raise funds to support all kids with their mental health and wellness as they grow up,” continues the description. In addition to Carter, the concert will feature several other early-2000s icons such as O-Town, LFO, Ryan Cabrera, B. Howard, and David Archuleta. *NYSNC members Lance Bass, Joey Fatone and Chris Kirpatrick and members of the Backstreet Boys — including Carter and AJ McLean are also slated to perform — culminating in a final surprise performance. “The Songs for Tomorrow benefit concert” will be live streamed on January 18, 2023.