Priscilla Presley is legally challenging an amendment found in her late daughter Lisa Marie’s trust — which could cause a rift between Priscilla and her granddaughter, Riley Keough. Legal documents obtained Friday by The Post show that Priscilla, 77, is asking a judge to declare the allegedly fraudulent amendment invalid and listed multiple reasons why it could be a fraud. The documents state that Lisa Marie executed a revocable living trust on Jan. 29, 1993, which she then amended and completely restated on Jan. 27, 2010. Priscilla claims that is when Lisa Marie legally named her — as well as Lisa Marie’s former business manager, Barry Siegel — as trustees. The Post has contacted representatives for Priscilla and Keough for comment. Following Lisa Marie’s death, Priscilla reportedly discovered an amendment that was allegedly added to the document in 2016. It would eliminate both her and Siegel from the trust and instead names Lisa Marie’s oldest daughter Riley, 33, and her son Benjamin Keough, as trustees. Lisa Marie cut ties with Siegel after claiming that he mismanaged her assets. Benjamin died from a self-inflicted gunshot wound in 2020. That would make Riley the sole trustee of her mother’s estate. Priscilla listed multiple reasons why she believes the amendment may be fraudulent, claiming that the date on the document is suspicious and the document misspells Priscilla’s name. In addition, Lisa Marie’s signature “appears inconsistent with her usual and customary signature,” according to the court filing. Elvis Presley’s widow also claims she was never notified about the change. The King’s Graceland estate, which was passed down to Lisa Marie, will now go to Riley and Lisa Marie’s 14-year-old twins, Harper and Finley Lockwood. Lisa Marie died on Jan. 12 after she was hospitalized for cardiac arrest she suffered that morning in her California home. Other court documents revealed that Lisa Marie owed $1 million to the IRS and cited enormous spending that made her unable to save much of her income.