A “predator” who sought out troubled young victims has been arrested and charged with the kidnappings and rapes of two teenage girls and a 21-year-old woman in New York, police officials said Thursday. Andres Portilla, 28, is accused of preying on two 15-year-old girls, one who was reported missing from Wyandanch, Long Island, in August and the other who disappeared from Rego Park, Queens, in December, according to cops. The third known victim, the 21-year-old woman, also from Queens, was reported missing by her parents Jan. 2 after she went out on New Year’s Eve and never came home, cops said. “He’s a predator, this guy,” Chief of Detectives James Essig said during an update on NYPD cases at One Police Plaza Thursday. “It looks like he’s praying on girls who are runaways and have some issues.” Police said the accused rapist’s sick scheme unraveled after he saw a missing persons poster the NYPD put out following the 21-year-old’s disappearance. Portilla had allegedly coaxed her into his car as she searched for a place to charge her phone outside a Queens 7-11, cops said. “He tells her, ‘Come into the car and I’ll help you charge your phone,’” Essig said. “The 15-year-old girl from Wyandanch was in the backseat” at the time, according to the chief. The Queens teen had been in the car at an earlier date but had been let go by the time of the third kidnapping, Essig said. After spotting the missing persons poster, Portilla allegedly “panics and drops her off nearby,” Essig said of the 21-year-old woman, who then went to a hospital and reported the crime. The NYPD then launched “extensive search” for the alleged serial rapist, and found him walking down a street with the 15-year-old Suffolk County girl on Jan. 6, Essig said. The teen also eventually told her story to cops, saying she had met the creep via Snapchat, police said. “Then we do some data mining and we find another incident with another girl, she’s 15,” Essig said. That girl went missing in December from Rego Park.” The victims told police that Portilla sometimes allegedly used a wrench or other tool to attack them, cops said. He may have also drugged them. Investigators are now looking for other possible victims who may have fallen prey to the sicko, police said. Portilla faces a slew of charges, including three counts of rape, kidnapping, sex abuse and assault and is currently locked up on Rikers Island. He has prior arrests for criminal possession of a controlled substance, a hallucinogen, on April 19. He also has priors for assault and criminal contempt.