Even though Prince Harry’s highly anticipated memoir “Spare” is set to hit shelves in the US market on Jan. 10, leaked excerpts have started to spill out. The book has reportedly been released in Spain already, and the dedication page has been revealed. However, neither the Duke of Sussex’s estranged brother Prince William nor his father, King Charles, made the list. The autobiography is, in fact, dedicated to his wife, Meghan Markle, their children Archie and Lilibet, and lastly, his late mother Princess Diana. The Sun scored a Spanish-language version of the book and the page reads: “Para Meg, Archie y Lili… y, por supuesto, mi madre.” This translates to: “For Meg, Archie and Lili… and, of course, my mother.” The Spanish book title, “En La Sombra,” translates into English as “in the shadow.” The customer who purchased the book in Spain told the publication: “I was shocked when I saw them selling it.” “They didn’t seem to know how big this was — they’re not as high-profile here,” the anonymous buyer said. “It must’ve been some kind of mistake.” Excerpts from the novel have started to trickle out, including explosive anecdotes about referring to William as his “arch-nemesis,” Harry’s Nazi uniform debacle of 2005, a story about how William physically attacked him and more. Another tidbit from the memoir includes how he felt the first time he met his stepmother, now Queen Consort Camilla. According to the Sun, Harry wrote that he and William were very aware of Camilla’s presence as the “other woman,” and they each had met with her separately. Charles famously had an on-again, off-again affair with Camilla while married to Diana. The Invictus Games founder compared seeing Camilla for the first time to getting injected with a needle. “This is nothing. Close your eyes and you won’t even feel it,” Harry wrote, referring to the pain of an injection as it compares to meeting Camilla, whom he even gave the moniker of his “wicked stepmother.” And while the father of two and his brother told Charles that they would welcome Camilla with open arms, they “begged” the now-monarch not to wed her. However, Charles and Camilla tied the knot in 2005.