The same Kevin Durant injury that derailed the Nets’ last season has reared its ugly head again — although they are hopeful it’s less severe this time around. After undergoing an MRI exam on Monday, Durant was diagnosed with an isolated MCL sprain of the right knee. He’s all too familiar with the injury, as it cost him over a month in 2017 and over six weeks last season, an absence that scuttled what had been a promising Brooklyn campaign. But a source close to the situation told The Post that this MCL sprain isn’t as bad as the one that Durant suffered a year ago. The Nets did not reveal any details, although last season’s injury was believed to be a Grade 2 sprain. Grade 1 injuries are notably less severe, with a recovery time roughly half as long. “Obviously our strategy [changes]. It’s pretty clear that KD and me are predominantly most of the offense,” Kyrie Irving said. “But we have incredible shooters and incredibly talented basketball players around us, and now I think it shapes into all-around offense and guys being ready to play. Want to catch a game? The Nets schedule with links to buy tickets can be found here. “One of the greatest qualities of our team is the bench and the way we support each other despite who’s in the lineup. And now, it’s time to exemplify that until we figure out the timeline of [Durant] and when he can be available again.” The Nets said Durant will re-evaluated in two weeks. Even that is a departure from the earlier injury, when they refused to offer any timeline whatsoever. “Obviously [it changes] a lot. He’s a focal point for us, offensively, defensively he’s been an elite rim protector this year. He guards the best players. [It would] be obviously a massive blow for us,” Joe Harris said. “But at the same time, it presents opportunities for everybody else, and we have a lot of depth for reasons like this for everybody just to step up and collectively try and fill that void.” The injury occurred in the third quarter of Sunday’s win in Miami, when Jimmy Butler fell into Durant’s knee. A sprained MCL cost Durant over a month in 2017 with Golden State. Losing him for a month could prove catastrophic for the Nets, who are 27-13 and had the second-best record in the league behind the Celtics entering play Monday. Brooklyn hosts Boston on Thursday at Barclays Center. There is an uneasy sense of déjà vu here. When Durant sprained his MCL on Jan. 15 of last season, Brooklyn was 27-15, just a half game out of first place in the East. But the Nets went 5-16 in his absence, including 11 straight losses. By the time he returned on March 3, they’d tumbled to eighth in the standings and into the play-in. These Nets appeared better equipped to defend and maximize Durant. Now they will have to prove they are better equipped to win without him. “I think just us sticking to the game plan, adjusting. We’re going to keep playing basketball the way we are, especially on the defensive end,” Royce O’Neale said. “It’s going to take all of us. That’s what we’ve been doing the whole year, so [we’ve] got to weather it.” O’Neale had been on the Utah team that routed the Nets 125-102 last Feb. 4 during Durant’s absence. Brooklyn trailed 70-47 at halftime and 103-69 in the third quarter, starting a string of three straight blowout losses by at least 20 points each. That lack of fight in his absence contributed to Durant’s offseason trade request. “I mean, [this is a] completely different team,” O’Neale said. “It’s everybody playing together on both ends.” Durant is averaging 29.7 points, 6.7 rebounds, 5.3 assists and 1.5 blocks while shooting a career-high 55.9 percent to play himself into the MVP conversation. “Everybody would just have to step up,” Nic Claxton said. “It’s not the first time that he’s been out or Ky’s been out, so everyone just has to step up a little bit and we’ll be all right. We hope he’s available [soon], but whatever happens we’ll adjust and we’ll be all right.”