Can anybody beat Jon Rahm? The Spaniard is 2-for-2 in 2023, winning the Sentry Tournament of Champions in a stunning comeback against Collin Morikawa and following that up with a one-shot victory at last week’s American Express. Rahm has now won four of his last six starts worldwide. Rahm heads into the Farmers Insurance Open at Torrey Pines – where he won his first PGA Tour trophy back in 2017 – as the clear betting favorite at +450 on BetMGM. When the favorite is this short, that means that there will be some big numbers further down the board. Let’s take a look at a few long shot golf picks worth a sprinkle at Torrey Pines this week: There’s something about Torrey Pines that clearly fits with Justin Rose. The former World No. 1 won here in 2019 and has finished inside the top-10 in three of his last five visits. In his first seven starts at Torrey Pines, Rose finished no worse than 22nd. This isn’t just a horses for courses pick, either. Rose’s game looked to be in decent shape last week as he shot 18-under to finish T26 at The American Express. We shouldn’t expect to see the scoring get into the 20’s like we have over the first three weeks of the season and that should help Rose, who is more of a grinder at this point in his career. This will be Brendan Steele’s third tournament in as many weeks, and we’ve seen some good and bad out of the California native in his eight rounds in 2023. Steele started hot at both the Sony Open and The American Express, but he never really threatened to contend at either stop. That said, he did put up a great fight to make the cut last week and then posted scores of 64-66 to finish T32 at PGA West. Steele’s course history at Torrey Pines isn’t going to jump off the page, but he’s got 10 starts here, and his off-the-tee game should give him a chance to hang around. Being able to hit the ball a mile is helpful at most golf courses, but it’s especially beneficial at Torrey Pines. All four Par 5s at this event measure between 550 and 600 yards, so setting yourself up for birdie looks on these holes is imperative, as this course can play pretty difficult. Champ has yet to play in 2023 and went into the offseason with six missed cuts in seven events. Still, he did finish eighth at the one tournament he got to finish, showing, once again, that he’s the type of boom-or-bust player who can pop up out of nowhere thanks to his ability with the driver.