An Australian woman claims she was born with two vaginas — and had no idea until she was 21. Scarlett Rose, 30, said she always experienced pain during sex and didn’t know what was wrong with her. She assumed the pain was because she “wasn’t ready” or that sex was “supposed to hurt.” Doctors couldn’t figure out the problem, she said, and some even told her it was all “in her head” — which left her feeling “like an alien.” But when the mom underwent surgery during her pregnancy, doctors reportedly discovered her vagina was actually split in two. “When I found out I had two vaginas, I was relieved because it took me years to figure out what was wrong,” Rose told North News & Pictures. Rose reportedly had what’s called transverse vaginal septum — when a wall of tissue separates the vagina in two. About one in every 30,000 women have the condition, according to researchers. There are two types of vaginal septum: transverse vaginal septum (TVS), which runs horizontally, and longitudinal vaginal septum (LVS), which runs vertically. Rose recalled undergoing laparoscopic surgery, pap smears, ultrasounds and treatments for thrush, bacterial vaginosis and vaginismus over the course of three years before her diagnosis. “I developed severe anxiety because of it. I was told that it was in my head,” she admitted. “I knew that I was experiencing physical pain, and when you are told there is no issue or that people don’t believe you, it’s very difficult. I was so embarrassed.” Rose said she didn’t realize there was a problem until her husband, Jamie, 33, told her her pain didn’t seem normal. He tried to help her find answers. “Having sex was incredibly painful. Intercourse isn’t just for pleasure, it’s a way to bond in relationships,” Rose said. “My husband was so supportive and understanding and made sure that I was OK.” Rose shared that when she would talk to friends about the pain she was experiencing, men would tell her she “wasn’t good enough” and that a lack of sex “wasn’t fair” to her husband. Rose became pregnant with her son, Hunter, now 8, in 2014 — which she said was “incredibly painful.” However, doctors reportedly told her that delivering a baby might actually help with the pain. Rose said when she was 21 weeks pregnant, she was rushed to the hospital for the cervix surgery that would lead to the discovery of her two vaginas. The doctors reportedly removed the septum, leaving just one vagina. Had the doctors not spotted the septum, Rose said she could have hemorrhaged during birth — risking the lives of both her and her son. “After I gave birth, I had to have a smear test at six weeks postpartum. I was terrified because they were usually incredibly painful, but after the surgery it was completely fine,” Rose said. “Now sex isn’t painful, and I can lead a normal life,” she added. “I also want other women to know they are not alone in this.” Rose isn’t the only woman opening up about having two vaginas. TikTok user the Lady Leanne said she has uterus didelphys, a condition that can lead to a woman developing two uteruses and two cervixes. “Essentially, I was born with extra body parts, I was born with two vaginas, two uteruses and two cervixes,” she explained on TikTok. Brittany Jacobs went viral with a TikTok video explaining a situation similar to Rose’s. She said she had no idea she had two vaginas until she went into labor. Lauren Cotter claims she was born with uterus didelphys — and is now a mom of four kids.