Yea or neigh? Eager readers are itching to know who Prince Harry “mounted” behind a pub one fateful night to lose his virginity at 17 — with one reputed ex-lover refusing to confirm the claims. In the Duke of Sussex’s bombshell book, “Spare” — which leaked ahead of its Tuesday release date — he describes the amateur sexual encounter as “humiliating.” He even includes intimate details about his unnamed “older” horse-loving partner, who rode him like a “stallion” and “spanked” him. As rumors circulated over who the seemingly experienced woman could be, fingers pointed at Suzannah Harvey, an ex-model and CEO of Cotswold Airport in England. The Post reached out to Harvey for comment. The blond bombshell, who is six years older than Harry, reportedly declined to speak with reporters about his forthcoming memoir. In a 2002 interview with the Daily Mail, Harvey recalled her one-time, steamy encounter with the young prince, who was a teen at the time. It was the Beaufort Hunt Christmas Ball — and Harry had reportedly set his eyes on Harvey. She rehashed a night of flirting and Harry’s onslaught of compliments, eventually leading her outside to a muddy field. “It was very nice, but as we were kissing, I started to get worried that his bodyguards would be looking for him. I didn’t want to get him into trouble,” she told the Daily Mail at the time. “He’s a wild child, and William was helpless to stop him. Outside he handled me like a grown man.” ”He grabbed me by the waist and pulled me into to him. It felt like his hands were going round my whole waist,” she added. His kisses seemed to be the main event, she said, describing them as “full of passion.” “My mouth was numb and couldn’t move,” she recounted, adding that he had complimented her “sexy body.” “When he started to get more passionate I began to worry. He was feeling my bum, and my back was in the direction we had come from, so a guest could have seen us,” she continued, although she reported attempting to “keep my hands to myself.” “It was so heated, steam was rising from us into the freezing cold air. He was definitely experienced in handling a woman.” Without confirmation, there’s no way to identify the mystery woman who snatched Harry’s V-card, although royal enthusiasts are beginning to narrow it down. The Duke has been linked to an array of older women over the years, including the late TV personality Caroline Flack, who was six years his senior; presenter Natalie Pinkham, who is seven years older than him; and even former “Real Housewives” star Catherine Ommanney, who has 13 years on the prince. While none have confirmed nor denied the sex-plosive claims in the duke’s memoir, actress Elizabeth Hurley took it upon herself to plead “not guilty.” “Not me. Not guilty. Not me. Absolutely not,” she told the Sunday Times in an interview last month. In the memoir, the Duke admitted the mistake was “letting it happen in a field, just behind a very busy pub,” since someone probably spied him in the throes of passion. “I mounted her quickly, after which she spanked my ass and sent me away,” he wrote matter-of-factly of the sex-capade in his book. “One of my many mistakes was letting it happen in a field, just behind a very busy pub. No doubt someone had seen us.” The pub is alleged to be the Rattlebone Inn, and former boss Franck Ortet claims he knows just who the spank-happy lady is — but refused to name her in an interview with the Daily Mail. “I won’t name her, but she was from their world socially, so she wasn’t intimidated by Harry or his status,” he revealed. “They used to play drinking games together. One time they took it in turns to down a ‘snakebite and black,’ a combination of lager, cider and blackcurrant,” Ortet added, calling the unnamed woman a “tomboy.” “Afterwards this girl let out a huge burp.” But Ortet claims he “never saw Harry so much as kiss a girl,” as he was “very careful with who he was seen with” — despite never lacking “female admirers.” Ravenous readers have had a field day with the leaked sneak peeks of “Spare” after a Spanish retailer accidentally put the book up for sale days early. What was anticipated to be a bombshell memoir gave the internet more than it bargained for — the V-card mishap, a circumcision confirmation and the tale of a frostbitten penis, oh my. Even A-listers cringed at the ultra-transparency the Duke touts in the memoir. “How much more? Are we going with Meghan [Markle] to get a pap smear? I mean, what’s next?” Bethenny Frankel said in an Instagram video Friday morning, slamming Harry’s habit of oversharing. “Honestly, I feel like I’m going to be in a rectal exam with Harry and William.” “We get it. We got it. I mean, what else are we gonna do? Like, high colonics with the royals?” the former “Housewife” added. “We understand that s- -t went down. It’s family stuff, like, it’s gonna be crazy. I mean, it’s just so funny.” In “Spare,” officially hitting shelves Tuesday, Harry explores his tumultuous relationship with his family — including sharing details of Princess Diana’s death — and explains his version of the truth behind every bitter headline about him and Markle.