President Biden is reportedly “all in” on a second run for the White House in 2024 — with an official announcement to come within weeks. “I think it’s all about timing at this point,” one Biden ally told The Hill Saturday. “It seems like he’s all in. It’s not really ‘if’ he runs anymore.” The 80-year-old Biden, the oldest president in the nation’s history, would be 82 if he is inaugurated a second time – and 86 by the end of his potential second term. He and his senior aides are preparing an announcement for release in February around the time of the State of the Union address to Congress, multiple sources told the outlet. “The President has said publicly that he intends to run,” deputy White House press secretary Andrew Bates told The Post. “We’re aware that there is no deficit of people who speculate, but very few individuals are actually knowledgeable about that subject.” The president and his family decided his re-election bid is a go during their Christmas trip to St. Croix, where they stayed in the ritzy tropical island home of wealthy business owners Bill and Connie Neville. But they kept their plans hush-hush this week as they waited for House Republicans to conclude their battle over their new Speaker of the House, one Democratic lawmaker said. The date of the State of the Union speech is traditionally set by the House of Representatives – a task that will now fall to newly installed Speaker Kevin McCarthy. Biden critics reacted with horror to the prospect of a second term . “From his open border to his anti-energy policies to his unsustainable spending fueling inflation, Joe Biden has caused crisis after crisis,” Rep. Nicole Malliotakis (R-SI/Brooklyn) told The Post. “One thing is for sure, our country cannot afford another four years of Joe Biden in the White House.” Biden’s tenure has sent Americans into a gloomy tailspin, according to a Gallup poll this week that found large majorities predicting economic pain and global conflict in 2023. Many voters blame the Democrat’s policies for record high inflation, skyrocketing food and fuel costs, and a steady rise in interest rates that has throttled home buyers and business owners. Meanwhile, Biden’s disastrous pullout from Afghanistan in 2021 and the ongoing bloodshed in Ukraine have raised questions about his foreign policy leadership – while his hands-off approach to border enforcement has caused chaos nationwide, with more than 2.3 million migrants crossing the US-Mexico border in the last fiscal year alone. And his public appearances have been rife with embarrassing verbal stumbles and gaffes, causingboth critics and even some allies toexpress concern over his mental acuity. Social media jokesters pounced on Saturday’s news of the president’s campaign plans. “I wonder if Biden knows,” mused Venik on Twitter, along with a “Weekend at Bernie’s” meme showing Biden as a corpse propped up by Vice President Kamala Harris and former House Speaker Nancy Pelosi. On Friday, he once again referred to his veep as “President Harris” and condemned the “July 6” – not January 6 – riot at the US Capitol in 2021. In September, he sought out the late Rep. Jackie Walorski at a Washington event, forgetting that the had died in a car crash just weeks before, and in March, he horrified allies when he explicitly demanded the overthrow of Vladimir Putin over the Russian invasion of Ukraine, forcing White House aides to publicly contradict him. And with an approval rating of just 44% according to RealClearPolitics, Biden’s chances of re-election are iffy at best. No president in 70 years with an approval rating under 45% has ever won a second term, according to Gallup.