Lisa Marie Presley appeared unsteady Tuesday at the Golden Globes — just two days before she died at the age of 54. The only child of Elvis and Priscilla Presley was in an induced coma and on life support with a temporary pacemaker Thursday, according to TMZ. “Priscilla Presley and the Presley family are shocked and devastated by the tragic death of their beloved Lisa Marie,” read a statement to The Post from a rep for the 77-year-old Priscilla. “They are profoundly grateful for the support, love and prayers of everyone, and ask for privacy during this very difficult time.” On Tuesday, Lisa Marie was seen leaning on her friend, 80-year-old talent manager Jerry Schilling, for support during a Golden Globes red carpet interview with Extra TV. As she responds to the questions from “Extra” host Billy Bush, she links arms with Schilling, telling him, “I’m gonna grab your arm.” She went on to discuss the weather in California and Austin Butler’s role in “Elvis.” During the interview, Presley compared Butler to her late father, telling Extra, “‘It’s kind of done in sort of a funny, joking way, the way [Elvis] spoke, but Austin actually got it and did it perfectly without making it comical.” Presley attended the awards show in support of the 2022 film, which chronicled the life of her rock n’ roll icon father. Elvis died in 1977 of a cardiac arrhythmia at the age of 42. His blood was found to have had high levels of various prescription drugs, according to a toxicology report released weeks after his death. A TikTok video shared Wednesday showed Presley walking with Butler at the ceremony, at times shuffling and stumbling and seeming to need support. “What’s wrong with Lisa Marie,” one TikToker wondered. “Is Lisa Marie OK?” another mused. Sgt. Sean Maloney of the Los Angeles Sheriff’s Office told The Post that deputies responded to a call at the 5900 block of Normandy Drive in Calabasas at about 10:40 a.m. Thursday at the request of Los Angeles County Fire Department. The call involved a woman in cardiac arrest. Fire personnel were able to get a pulse, and she was transported to West Hills Hospital, according to Maloney. Priscilla arrived to the hospital to be by her daughter’s side. She told The Post in a statement, “My beloved daughter Lisa Marie was rushed to the hospital. She is now receiving the best care. Please keep her and our family in your prayers. We feel the prayers from around the world, and ask for privacy during this time.” Presley’s son, Benjamin Keough, died by suicide at the age of 27 in July 2020. Presley reflected on his death in an essay that was published by People last year. “I already battle with and beat myself up tirelessly and chronically, blaming myself every single day and that’s hard enough to now live with, but others will judge and blame you too, even secretly or behind your back which is even more cruel and painful on top of everything else,” Presley wrote at the time.