What a pisser! Hawaiian social media is boiling mad over what appears to be a photo of a man urinating atop Kilauea volcano posted to Instagram amid an ongoing eruption. Kumu Hinaleimoana Wong-Kalu, a Native Hawaiian activist, told Hawai’i News Now that Halemaʻumaʻu Crater — located at the summit of the volcano on the southern shore of Hawaii’s Big Island — is a site of great significance to Hawaiians; hence the fiery pushback. “Many foreigners do not understand how we kanaka [Native Hawaiians] feel about our relationship to the places and spaces here in the islands that we live in,” Wong-Kalu said. It is not known if the tone-deaf tinkler is a tourist or a local — the offending Instagram user, @notahomebody, has since deactivated his account. “Pathetic behavior,” one poster proclaimed. “What is wrong with these people?” said another. “Respect the ʻāina or go home,” said yet another, using the Hawaiian word for the land, or the earth. Besides the chorus of angry internet users blowing off steam, a spokesperson for Hawaii Volcanoes National Park, where Kilauea is located, implied that the reckless reliever might have been breaking the law. “Not only does this seem to depict the improper disposal of human waste in a developed area, which is in violation of Title 36 of the Code of Federal Regulations, but it also demonstrates a lack of understanding and disregard for the cultural significance of Kilauea,” a statement read. According to legend, Kilauea is home to Pele, Hawaiian goddess of fire and volcanoes. This isn’t the first time bad behavior has been called out at the crater. In November, a recent arrival to the Big Island left himself exposed to criticism after posting a video of himself taking a leak on Mauna Kea. After enduring a stream of virtual invective, Travis Upright issued a public apology. “I never meant to hurt anyone. I never meant to create so much harm but that’s no excuse. It still happened and I’m sorry,” Upright told Hawai’i News Now, saying he didn’t realize the sacred nature of the site. Meanwhile, Wong-Kalu is calling for anyone visiting the volcanoes to fire up their consciousness. “I would ask for our kanaka and kama’aina [people who live in Hawai’i] alike and for other foreigners who may live here, please let us consider what kind of Hawai’i we create and what kind of Hawaii we endorse in terms of the things that we do and don’t do in our home,” the activist said. “We all have a responsibility, so let’s all do better.”