This caused quite a buzz. A TikToker has gone viral after claiming that Amazon accidentally sent her a sex toy instead of the desk that her husband ordered. Amanda Reed posted the TikTok explaining her predicament earlier this month — and it has since gained nearly 2 million views. “So my husband ordered me this desk,” said Reed in the video showing a Unikito L-shaped desk on Amazon. “I’m in college. I am starting a new job. I was gonna use one-half of the desk for college stuff and the other half of the desk for my work stuff.” According to Reed, she, her husband Justin and their family live in a small town that does not have mailboxes, so they always send things to Justin’s grandmother, who lives several miles away. Reed goes on to say that she was helping coach her son’s basketball game when her grandmother-in-law called and said that the package was delivered. “Oh, my desk has arrived,” Reed recalled saying. Reed said that she was distracted by the game but noticed that her 85-year-old granny hesitated before saying something about the mailbox. It wasn’t until Reed had hung up the phone that she realized that she wasn’t sure why her relative had mentioned the mailbox, which, of course, would not fit a desk. Reed’s husband called his grandmother, too, and confirmed that the package had been placed in her mailbox, so he asked her to open it. “She reads an insert and it says, ‘Mini massage erotica,’ and she said, ‘Justin, I don’t think I can read any more of this,’ ” recalled Reed while holding up the massager. “Y’all, I had to go pick it up to send pictures to Amazon. I have been dying. “How does Amazon mess this up?” asked Reed. The Post has reached out to Amazon for comment. Several TikTok users were buzzing with laughter. “Some woman is staring at a desk right now saying ‘well this won’t work,’ ” imagined one user. “I mean… the whole time I was just thinking it was going to be a barbie sized desk,” joked a second user. “I ordered a box of masks before Christmas on Amazon from a 3rd party seller.. got a Madonna CD … Amazon said keep the CD. I’m Deaf,” chimed in a third person. Reed claimed in a follow-up post that she contacted Amazon about the mix-up, and the online giant refunded her order. She said that, according to Amazon, the third party that supplied the desk did not respond. In another follow-up video, Reed said that she eventually got a desk at Office Depot instead. Amazon also reportedly said the couple could keep the massager as a “gift,” but according to Reed, it was given a new home — while also clarifying that it was not still in their granny’s possession.