Bettors in the state of Ohio can claim a $1,000 first bet insurance bet on BetMGM for the College Football Playoff National Championship. New York Post readers from other states can get a $1,000 risk free bet with BetMGM. Apply the bonus code NPBONUS when signing up for BetMGM, and make your first sports bet risk-free for No. 1 Georgia vs. No. 3 TCU. Bettors in the state of Ohio can claim a $1,000 first bet insurance bet on BetMGM. Follow the link below to learn more. The new customer offer from BetMGM allows new users to place a risk-free first sports bet up to $1,000. Apply the bonus code NPBONUS to use this great offer ahead of the TCU Horned Frogs vs. the Georgia Bulldogs in the College Football Playoff National Championship. This means that if your bet wins, you keep the winnings like normal, but if it loses you still get your entire initial wager back as free bets. BetMGM’s sign-up offer is one of the best on the market, and its a good chance to dip your toe in the sports betting world. College football will have a new champion by the end of tonight when the No. 1 Georgia Bulldogs take on the No. 3 TCU Horned Frogs in the College Football Playoff National Championship. Georgia was expected to make the title game  after winning it last season and enters tonight’s matchup with another impressive roster. The Bulldogs are far from an underdog against TCU as Georgia is favored by 12.5 points on BetMGM. There are reasons to get some action on that line, but the play here that interests me is the points total of 63.5 points. Even though both of the CFP semifinal games were offensive shootouts, the under is the move for this game. Both teams are hardened from playing football a week before, unlike the semifinals where teams had a month off and showed some rusty play. Additionally, 63.5 points is not a low total to begin with, so this would not have to be a defensive slugfest to go under.  21+. NY, CO, DC, IA, IN, MI, NJ, NV, OH, PA, TN, WV, IA, VA, WV, WY only. T&Cs apply. One of the easiest ways to get yourself a load of free bets is through BetMGM’s very generous “refer a friend” scheme. BetMGM allows bettors to refer up to 20 friends, with both getting a $50 bonus. Your friend will need to make their first deposit and place their $50 bonus on any sport at odds of -200 or greater in order for you to claim your bonus.