We have a bright idea. The best way to enhance your living space is with lighting. However, sometimes when there is a lack of overhead bulbs and fluorescent lighting is your only wired-in option, it is time to turn those off and think on the brighter side, with the addition of floor lamps and lighting solutions. Be it in the home office so you can focus on your work with good lighting or some ambient floor lighting in the bedroom or living room, we have a solution for you, given you have a bit of floor space for us. If not, then read our other guides on sunrise alarm clocks or furniture brands you can browse for more options. Go with class and brass this season. The floor lamp features a structured golden frame and a white pleated shade that adds an air of elegance to any room. Tired of LED and white light? Then customize your lighting with this smart-enabled floor lamp. The lamp can be controlled via a remote or even you phone via Bluetooth for a full light show from home. Fringe is in, people! This retro lamp is a great way to add some movement to an otherwise still piece of furniture. Add some light and vertical storage to your space with this lamp, doubling as a bookshelf or knickknack storage on three built-in shelves. Go metallic for 2023 with a structured and angular floor lamp, combining curves and structural elements to make a bright statement piece. If your home is your world, why not decorate it with some globe lighting? This lamp comes in many different configurations, with a single globe bulb, two, three or more. Light up every angle of your space with this tree floor lamp, featuring three bulbs in a golden finish. Get in on the latest mushroom trend and light up your space with this fun fungi-looking lamp. This lamp combines fashion and function, with a structural silhouette and a marble base that doubles as a mini table. Go modern with this simple yet elegant lamp, now sold at Target for a great price. The arched design can swing in either direction and it comes with a white shade to match any room. Tripods aren’t just for photographers! This tripod-style lamp has a classy wood finish and an off-white shade, which is easy to display in any room for some angular decor and ambient lighting. Why choose between a lamp or a table when you could use the same floorspace for both. This Pottery Barn is a great option to save said space, with an all-in-one design. Shine the spotlight on your entire space with this classic tree-style lamp. The gilded shades can be twisted and turned to suit your lighting needs, attached to a black and metallic base. Meet Barbara, the floor lamp that is here for a fun time. Sold at the iconic New York store Coming Soon, Barbara will only be in stock for a limited time before she dances away on her pink and white fringe. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.