Watch out Millennials and Boomers; you’ll flip when you see what is back in style. It is, in fact, the flip phone, in all it’s pocket-sized, custom ringtone, blurry back-facing camera fashion. The Post reported this trend fully on Jan. 4, after spotting too many flip phones on social media and out on the streets for it to be a coincidence. Referencing a viral TikTok video, reporter Adriana Diaz tracked down some of the Gen Z teens and young adults that have dialed into this trend, finding out that the retro reason was even more wholesome than expected. Many opt for the flip phone for the nostalgia, but added perks include the freeing feeling of being more disconnected and in the moment when out at a bar or with friends, especially without the temptations of modern social media apps. Diaz’s article was even called out on a recent Jan. 10 episode of The Late Show with Stephen Colbert, in a segment he calls “Meanwhile” that takes a look at the news cycle’s trending topics that may have gotten buried. Are you sold yet? If you want a flip phone of your own you didn’t miss your chance back in the 2000’s. There are flip phones still to be found, be it on Ebay with the classic older models you remember from Y2K and also new foldable options that are coming back in style with a futuristic take. The one, the only, the indestructible Nokia. This flip phone is a little bit more updated than those of yesteryear, but they still have the flipping ability, limited keypad and a back-facing camera. Flip as you go with this Nokia flip phone. The prepaid model is great for bringing out to the bars and with friends, letting you decide how many minutes you need. Remember the Razr? Meet the newest version right now. The Motorola Razr Gen2 is now sold at Motorola, with beloved features like a smaller pocket size, flipping ability and a back camera, but upgraded with a full touchscreen and a front-facing camera. If the above Razr was too high tech, here is the original. The hot pink color was the “it” phone back in the 2000’s but Ebay also sells a variety of other colors on their site. Move over Gen Z, the seniors are in the house. The Jitterbug Flip2 was designed with senior citizens in mind, but who is to say they aren’t also perfect for the club? The phones have large buttons and a back camera, making it great for all ages. Snap to it! The Consumer Cellular phone is a great investment for young and old. It has large and easy-to-use buttons and controls, a back camera and even a light-up panel on the front to display caller ID. This isn’t your Y2K flip phone. This is the 2020’s version, making a traditional touchscreen smartphone into a foldable size. The GalaxyZ Flip4 folds right down the middle, coming in a variety of colors, too. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.