Downing booze gave her really big boobs. Veronika Rajek says her breasts grew huge after she spent a summer drinking her dad’s beer while sunbathing naked. The 26-year-old model — who is famous for being a Tom Brady superfan — made the racy revelation on a recent episode of the podcast “Pillow Talk.” Rajek was asked whether her enormous assets were artificial, to which she quickly responded: “They are mine!” “I didn’t have big breasts when I was younger because I was doing track and field for eight years,” the beauty explained. “But one summer I was sunbathing, like naked, and I drank my father’s beer and I think they grew like this.” “If you want to have big breasts, drink beer!” the Slovakian stunner subsequently stated. According to the University of Pennsylvania’s Abramson Cancer Center, high levels of alcohol consumption can increase the amount of estrogen in a woman’s body. In turn, heightened levels of the hormone can lead to growth in one’s breast tissue. However, those hoping to get a big bust like Rajek might want to think twice before reaching for the closest can of beer. High estrogen levels are linked to endogenous estrogen, which increases the risk of breast cancer. Rajek’s beer boast isn’t the first time she’s hit headlines. The gorgeous model previously claimed that her body is “too dangerous” for the World Wide Web after experiencing hate over her “naturally perfect” looks. “My body is considered a danger on social media, and I am constantly being canceled by trolls for doing absolutely nothing but sharing photos of my body,” Rajek told NudePR.com last year. “These days, you see a lot of overweight or even obese women online, talking about body positivity, but when a beautiful, tall woman wants to be positive in her own skin, people want to attack me and call me privileged,” she further declared. Meanwhile, back in 2021, she claimed that people are afraid of her due to her looks. Rajek admitted to Jam Press at the time that trolls “think I’m an AI robot or a catfish online.” “I call myself an alien … People don’t even believe I exist,” she said. “I don’t think I’m perfect … but people are scared of me and don’t want to talk to me. I have it worse as people make it harder for me because I’m beautiful.” The Miss Slovakia 2016 contestant insisted she never uses filters for her photos and added that she’d never had any plastic surgery. “God gave me these gifts and I want people to believe me,” she declared.