Prince Harry alleges in his upcoming memoir that  he was left battered and bruised when Prince William tossed him to the floor in a bitter fight two months before he and Meghan Markle left the royal family. In a copy of his autobiography, “Spare,” obtained by The Guardian, Harry details the alleged November 2019 brawl between the two brothers as one of the final straws in their relationship. The reported feud began after William allegedly stormed into Nottingham Cottage, the Kensington Palace home Harry had been living in, with “piping hot” anger, the Duke of Sussex alleges. The now-Prince of Wales wanted to speak with his brother about “the whole rolling catastrophe” of their relationship and struggles with the press, which he pointedly blamed on his brother’s new wife Markle, Harry wrote in the memoir to be released Jan. 10. William reportedly called Markle “difficult,” “rude” and “abrasive,” and Harry fired back that he was only parroting the negative “press narrative” the couple has extensively spoken out against in recent years. The brothers continued shouting at one another — with William remaining stubbornly irrational — until Harry accused his older brother of acting like an heir and not understanding why his younger sibling was not content with being a spare, Harry said. William claimed he was only trying to help his little brother. “Are you serious? Help me? Sorry – is that what you call this? Helping me?” Harry reportedly wrote. That’s when a furious William allegedly began stepping toward Harry while hurling swears. The Duke of Sussex claims he tried to calm his brother down by offering him a glass of water. “He set down the water, called me another name, then came at me. It all happened so fast. So very fast,” Harry wrote. “He grabbed me by the collar, ripping my necklace, and he knocked me to the floor. I landed on the dog’s bowl, which cracked under my back, the pieces cutting into me. I lay there for a moment, dazed, then got to my feet and told him to get out.” A regretful William then tried to get Harry to hit him back in retaliation like they had when they were children, but Harry refused. The heir left, but returned later to apologize. “You don’t need to tell Meg about this,” William reportedly said. “You mean that you attacked me?” said Harry. “I didn’t attack you, Harold,” William asserted. Harry eventually told Markle about the alleged assault after she found the “scrapes and bruises” on his back. The former actress “wasn’t that surprised” that William allegedly laid his hands on his brother, but was “terribly sad,” he wrote. The couple announced they were splitting from the royal family just two months later. Harry’s “Spare” chronicles his entire 38 years of life thus far as a second-place royal since birth. The highly-anticipated autobiography is expected to contain numerous bombshell stories about the royal family. Despite exposing an alleged assault by his brother in his new book — and describing him as a bully in a Netflix documentary and explosive Oprah interview — Harry said Sunday he wants to reconcile with William. “I would like to get my father back … I would like to have my brother back,” he whined during an ITV News interview. “They’ve shown absolutely no willingness to reconcile … They feel as though it is better to keep us somehow as the villains.” In another passage, Harry wrote that his father had begged for peace between his two sons. The two princes were arguing after the funeral of their grandfather Prince Philip in April 2021 when the king stepped between them, the former royal wrote. “Please, boys,” King Charles said. “Don’t make my final years a misery.”