The Mets’ latest star, two-time World Series champion Justin Verlander, and his model wife Kate Upton, are in contract to buy an Upper East Side penthouse, Gimme Shelter has learned. The four-bedroom, 5½-bath home atop Beckford Tower, at 301 E. 80th St., was last asking $16.75 million. It first hit the market for $20 million in the spring of 2021. The final sale price isn’t yet known. Last month, Verlander signed a two year $86.6 million deal with the Mets, then jetted to a $450,000-a-week villa in St. Barts with Upton — a former Yankees fan — and their daughter Genevieve in tow. The Upper East Side deal follows their purchase last year of a $6.55 million home in Jupiter, Florida, and the sale of their Beverly Hills home to actor Timothée Chalamet last May for $11 million. (They bought that residence for $5.25 million in 2016.) Now they also have a home base in the Big Apple. At 4,141 square feet, this penthouse also boasts 634 square feet of private outdoor space, with panoramic views from Central Park to the East River. A windowed, eat-in chef’s kitchen opens to one of the terraces and a fourth bedroom or library. The other terraces open to a living room and the main bedroom. Other details include a private elevator landing, 13-foot ceilings and white oak flooring. Design specs from Studio Sofield additionally include a large foyer with herringbone floors that opens to a corner living room with a fireplace and large windows. Built in 2019, Beckford Tower houses 72 units. Amenities include a gym, a pool and a children’s playroom. The couple met in February 2012 on the set of a commercial for a Major League Baseball video game. While they split in 2013, they were back together in 2014 and got married in Italy in 2017. Before her romance with Verlander, Upton was — along with Miranda Kerr — linked to Wharton grad Jho Low, the alleged architect of a $4.5 billion global money laundering scheme. While Low gifted Kerr — now married to Snapchat billionaire Evan Spiegel — diamonds that the US Justice Department forced her to give back, Low gifted Upton multiple Birkin bags. Sources also told The Post that Low gifted Upton a pricey downtown Manhattan apartment — a charge she previously denied. The Post was the first publication to report on Low in 2009.