While some college students dip into financial aid to fund their party lifestyles, Megan Fowler opted to “save” her own life. The 22-year-old international business major at an unnamed university is revealing how she used about $3,600 of her student loan  to pay for gastric sleeve surgery in Turkey. Fowler had long been self-conscious about her size, and weighed in about 336 pounds at her highest weight before surgery. Since going under the knife, the UK native has decreased her size to just over 238 pounds — a number she hasn’t seen since she was 18. “I’ve been dieting since I was 16. I tried all the fad diets which weren’t working and so I continued to put on the weight,” Fowler, who also worked as a pizza delivery gal to also help pay for her procedure, told to Caters News. “I used to avoid mirrors and I wouldn’t let people take pictures of me. People would drag me into photos, but I’d say no I’ll take them. I was always the photographer.” After a collegiate rugby injury damaged her back and forced her out of the league, Fowler admitted she “carried on eating” like an athlete and “that’s when I struggled to get rid of the weight” as she became less mobile and couldn’t exercise. At one point, she was so ashamed and “embarrassed” of her size that she stopped attending class in-person and did them remotely instead. “I also stopped going out with my friends and just locked myself away.” Fowler had the light bulb moment when she saw a woman on TikTok who also had gastric sleeve surgery — and then she decided to do her own research. Before traveling to Turkey for the operation, she admitted that her family was wasn’t thrilled about her unorthodox funding measures. “My nan was really cross I spent some of my loan on the surgery — but I justify it as I don’t drink, and I hadn’t spent much money as I wasn’t going out,” she said. “A lot of students drink their loan money away, but I used it to save my life. I was actually jeopardizing my education by not going into university so it helped me.” When her family eventually saw how Fowler was gaining her confidence back — and how much weight she was actually losing — they became more supportive, she said. Now, while Fowler still aims to lose at least another 70 pounds, the Brit continues to stick to her healthy lifestyle by having an exercise routine, making better choices and lowering her 3,500-calories-a-day intake to 1,200 calories. She has even stopped ordering and bingeing on “fatty” take-out meals. “I’m also saving so much money which is definitely helpful being a student,” she said. “I’ve found enjoyment in cooking again and knowing exactly what I’m eating.” Meanwhile, Fowler recently saw a photo of herself and she was surprised at how she looked, adding that she would often edit her older photos very hard to ensure she looked right. “I nearly broke down when I saw a photo of myself I actually liked, as that hadn’t been the case since I was 17,” she said. “I keep finding old photos and I can’t believe how big I was. I’m getting there, but I do have a long way to go. It’s just nice to get my confidence back.” Fowler is saving up to travel back to Turkey for a tummy tuck and excess skin removal. However, if needed, she’ll dip into her student loan money once again. “[This surgery] will mark the end of my weight-loss journey and allow me to have the confidence to go on holiday and not have to live in t-shirts and hoodies,” Fowler proclaimed. “Things are getting better, and I hope to be back playing rugby in a few months. I’m excited for the next stage in my life and to get back on the rugby pitch.”