Jeffree Star claims he exposed “insecure” NFL wives — referring specifically to Saryn Anderson, wife of Carolina Panthers defensive end Henry Anderson — as fans continue to try to identify his mystery “NFL boo.” Saryn allegedly messaged Star on Instagram, asking the 37-year-old makeup guru Tuesday to stop sharing cryptic pictures and clues about his new football-playing boyfriend because people apparently think it’s her husband. Carl Nassib of the Tampa Bay Buccaneers is the only openly gay player in the NFL, but he recently went public with his boyfriend, Danish Olympic swimmer Søren Dahl. Fans may be hypothesizing that Henry is the man standing with his back turned to the camera in a photo Star shared Monday because he fits Star’s description of a “6’6” NFL player whose “team didn’t make it to the Super Bowl.” Saryn and Henry wed in June 2019 and welcomed daughter Bowen in October 2021. “I’m getting harassed bc my husband is in the NFL and ppl think it’s him. Please stop,” Saryn allegedly advised Star, who put her on blast. “OMG now the #NFL wives are coming after me!!! Girl … Don’t be so insecure. I don’t mess with married men,” Star captioned a screenshot of the alleged message with a kissy face emoji. The Post contacted reps for the Panthers and Star for comment. Saryn could not be immediately reached. Saryn quickly made her Instagram account private Tuesday, presumably to avoid any further fanfare — while Star addressed the move in his Instagram Story. “People want to play with fire and then when you [light] the match with them, they disappear,” he shaded Saryn. “Miss Thing deleted her social media. I’m like, girl, don’t be insecure about your marriage. I’m not a shady bitch,” Star claimed. “You’re not married, are you?” Star asked his boyfriend, who was not shown, as he laughed. “Don’t say anything,” he told his lover. “They’re going to record your voice and do voice recordings like FBI agents,” he chuckled, referring to fans’ online quest to identify his mystery man. “2023 is all about a little bit of privacy, but also living your life to the f—-ing fullest. That’s what the pandemic taught me,” Star continued. “I’m going to continue to suck d–k, make lipstick, and live my motherf—ig life, girl. Thank you,” he signed off. Star’s dating history includes Nathan Schwandt, whom he featured in many of his YouTube videos until the pair split in January 2020 after five years of dating. He had a brief fling with basketball player Andre Marhold in the summer of 2020, but has appeared single since.