A second man may have been involved in the chilling death of an elderly Manhattan woman who was found bound and gagged in her apartment last week, police said. Video footage reviewed by investigators — but not publicly released — shows the still-unidentified man entering the 74-year-old victim’s West 83rd Street building with accused killer Lashawn Mackey, police said Tuesday. Separate footage shows him entering an apartment in Brooklyn where Mackey, 47, had been staying, cops said. The NYPD released a surveillance image late Monday of the person of interest, wearing a black mask and winter hat and carrying a backpack inside what appears to be a grocery store. Investigators are probing whether he was involved in the slaying or at least had “knowledge” of the heinous crime, police said. Hernandez’s badly beaten and injured body was found  by her sister, Maria Terrero, when she went to check on her around 9:30 p.m. Jan. 18, according to police. Hernandez was left lying face-down on the bedroom floor of her ransacked home, cops and police sources said. She was gagged, with a sheet and clothes strewn over her body, and her hands and feet bound. Cops said the apartment had been ransacked, and an autopsy by the medical examiner later determined that Hernandez died of asphyxia. Mackey, a former super of the woman’s building, was ordered held without bail Sunday evening on charges of murder, attempted murder and burglary in connection to the crime. He maintained his innocence. “This is a particularly brutal homicide,” Manhattan Assistant District Attorney Maxine Rosenthal said at Mackey’s arraignment. “She had extensive injuries, including bruising and abrasions to her face, her arms, her back, and lacerations to both the vaginal and rectal areas,” Rosenthal said. “This was clearly a premeditated crime where the defendant went to the basement prior to the assault to break into the super’s office and dismantle the security surveillance systems located therein,” the ADA added to Judge Felicia Mennin. Mackey is a career criminal who was sentenced to up to 23 years in prison in 2000 on a first-degree assault conviction and served nearly 20 years before his release in 2019, records show. Rosenthal said in court Sunday that the victim in that case was stabbed 15 times and left lying in the middle of a Brooklyn street with “his intestines hanging out of his body.” State corrections records show Mackey ended up back in prison in October 2021 and was again released about a month later. It is unclear why he was briefly sent back behind bars. Mackey was then busted again this past Aug. 16 and hit with grand larceny, burglary and petit larceny charges in Brooklyn, online court records show. He pleaded guilty Dec. 21 and was due back in court next month for sentencing. He’s due back in Manhattan court on the murder case on Friday.