Comedian Nate Bargatze is going to do the impossible in 2023. He’s setting out to just “Be Funny.” The 43-year-old observational comic will attempt that difficult feat on his massive “The Be Funny Tour” which runs all the way to June this year. On the run, Bargatze will perform “all new material” as promised on Instagram. What makes this most impressive is that on top of the tour, he’s releasing a new Amazon Prime special called “Hello World” on Jan. 31. Did we mention his weekly “The Nateland Podcast?” Clearly, Bargatze has a busy year being funny. Ticket prices are no joke though — some are as low as $40 before fees on Vivid Seats. So, if you want to see him “Be Funny” live for relatively cheap, here’s everything you need to know about his remaining tour dates.  Bargatze’s tour stretches all the way to June 17 when he closes his run of gigs at St. Paul, MN’s Ordway Center for Performing Arts. Before then, he’ll stop by notable cities like Las Vegas (Feb. 10 and Feb. 11), Pittsburgh (March 31), Nashville (April 15), Milwaukee (April 29) and Detroit (April 30). A complete calendar featuring all upcoming “Be Funny Tour” dates, venues, show start times and links to buy tickets can be found here.  The soft-spoken and often absurd Bargatze has been rather prolific the past few years. As a result, he’s released specials in quick succession prior to the upcoming “Hello World.” To get you up to speed, here’s a list of all his specials and where you can stream them. “The Standups Half Hour” (2017) can be streamed on Netflix“The Tennessee Kid” (2019) can be streamed on Netflix“The Greatest Average American” (2021) can be streamed on Netflix  This year is already looking pretty stacked for comedy fans. Whether you prefer hard-hitting, storytelling, goofy or punchline-heavy performers, you’re in luck — all of them will be on the road this year. Here are just five of our favorite comedians you won’t want to miss live in the next few months. • Jerry Seinfeld • Kevin Hart • Sarah Silverman • Sebastian Maniscalco • Jim Gaffigan Starved for more jokes? Try our list of the 51 biggest comedians on tour in 2023 to see who might be coming to a city near you soon.