Carlos Correa will always be a part of Mets history despite having never been a member of the organization. That became official on Wednesday, when Correa finally passed a physical and his six-year, $200 million deal with the Twins was finalized. It came three weeks after Mets owner Steve Cohen gushed about bringing in Correa as the final piece to the roster — and after concerns about Correa’s surgically repaired right ankle proved too great to overcome. Correa, at a press conference at Target Field to announce his deal to stay in Minnesota, noted the most important part of his free-agent process. “One thing I learned through the whole process is doctors have differences of opinions,’’ said Correa, who had deals nullified by doctors from both the Mets and Giants and then took a smaller deal from Minnesota than the 10-year, $285 million deal they offered earlier in the offseason. “I had a lot of doctors tell me I was fine,’’ Correa said. “And I had some doctors say [the ankle] wasn’t so fine.” Once Correa’s deal with the Twins became official, the Mets released a brief statement regarding their failed pursuit of the 28-year-old. “We were unable to reach an agreement,’’ the Mets’ statement read. “We wish Carlos all the best.” The Mets declined comment beyond that statement. Correa acknowledged his free-agent process didn’t go as planned, calling the news that the Giants and Mets were pulling their offers because of the ankle “a little shocking” and the ordeal “an emotional roller coaster.” “It was not what we expected going into the offseason,’’ Correa said. “Going into the physicals, there were no concerns on my part. My body feels great. I played throughout the season and never felt better. So yeah, it was surprising.” A year after he signed a three-year deal with the Twins that included an opt-out following the first season, Correa reentered the free-agent market and first agreed to a 13-year, $350 million agreement with the San Francisco Giants. The Giants backed out of that deal due to the ankle injury that occurred when Correa was a minor leaguer in 2014 and resulted in plates being put in his leg. The Mets and Cohen then followed with a 12-year, $315 million deal that also fell apart because of the ankle injury. “It was shocking to me,’’ Correa said. “Since the surgery, I’ve never missed a game [because of the ankle] … and the ankle never hurt.” Doctors, though, raised doubts over how the ankle would hold up over the course of the contract, which would have run, in the Mets’ case, until Correa was almost 40. Correa’s agent, Scott Boras, said he believes some team doctors and orthopedists rely too much on MRI exams and not the “functionality” of the athlete. “We’re not here to fault exterior physicians and their opinions,’’ Boras said at the press conference. “Especially in sport, functionality and clinical exams on a day-to-day basis are far more important than an MRI.” According to The Post’s Mike Puma and Jon Heyman, the Mets tried to get contract-language protection in case the ankle would keep Correa from playing. The Mets were then willing to guarantee $157.5 million over six years, and Correa would have been eligible for an additional six years and $157.5 million had he reached plate-appearance and innings benchmarks. Among the items discussed were ways to reduce the risk for the Mets if the injury resurfaced later in the contract, perhaps with less guaranteed money. Now Correa is heading back to Minnesota with a guarantee for the first six years of the deal and a possible additional $70 million over four more vesting years. “Certain athletes have certain pain limits and pain tolerance where it’s almost a Darwinian concept,’’ Boras said. “You almost grow into a formation where you’re able to compete and perform.”