The Mets are still on the lookout for another outfielder and reliever. “I am still engaged in the market, talking to representation, both in the outfield and the bullpen spot, so still active,” general manager Billy Eppler said Tuesday on a Zoom call when asked about both spots. “Whether anything actually comes to fruition remains to be seen, but definitely still having the conversations.” Andrew McCutchen and Trey Mancini were removed from the board as potential outfield options in recent days, but the free-agent market still includes Adam Duvall, Jurickson Profar and Tommy Pham, among others. In the bullpen, the Mets have shown interest in free-agent lefty Zack Britton, according to a source. Andrew Chafin and Michael Fulmer are among the higher-profile relievers still on the market. If the Mets are discussing long-term agreements with Pete Alonso and Jeff McNeil (both can become free agents after the 2024 season), Eppler isn’t about to say so publicly. “Any kind of conversations that we’re going to have with our players, I always want to keep those internal,” Eppler said. “I am not a big believer in talking about those types of things or anybody’s employment or contract status.” Adam Ottavino, a Brooklyn native, said his decision to re-sign with the Mets was more about the direction the organization is headed than wanting to remain at home. The veteran reliever received a two-year contract (that includes an opt-out after next season) worth $14.5 million. Ottavino was a huge piece of the Mets’ bullpen last season, pitching to a 2.06 ERA in 66 appearances. “I just felt like one year, it would have been a bummer to leave,” Ottavino said. “I wanted to come back and see what we can do this year. “We had a great regular season last year and I know we can push a little harder this year and hopefully get a little farther in the playoffs if not go the whole way obviously.” Omar Narvaez said he is planning an early arrival to spring training to get a jump start on acclimating himself with new teammates and surroundings. The Mets signed the 30-year-old catcher to a one-year contract worth $8 million that holds a player option for next season. Narvaez joins Tomas Nido and rookie Francisco Alvarez as options behind the plate. “I am looking forward to meeting [Alvarez] and share a little information and kind of give him everything I have got, experience, and help him,” Narvaez said.