KANSAS CITY, Mo. — Chiefs quarterback Patrick Mahomes was supposed to be compromised by the high right ankle sprain he sustained in last week’s divisional playoff win over the Jaguars, an injury that usually takes players weeks to come back from. Travis Kelce, Kansas City’s prolific pass-catching tight end, who suddenly turned up on the injury report on Friday with back spasms that left him as a game-time decision whether he would play or not Sunday. Then you had the Chiefs’ opponent, the Bengals and their rising-star quarterback Joe Burrow, who were supposed to be Kansas City’s kryptonite, having won the past three meetings with the Chiefs, including last year’s AFC title game at Arrowhead. You know what? None of those things mattered. In the end, the numbers on the Arrowhead scoreboard were all that mattered: Chiefs 23, Bengals 20. The Chiefs, hosting their fifth consecutive AFC Championship game, advanced to Super Bowl 2023 in Arizona, where they’ll play the Eagles on Feb. 12. It’ll be the Chiefs’ third Super Bowl appearance in the past five years, The end result came when Mahomes — his high ankle sprain be damned — scrambled desperately for 5 yards and a first down and then took a late hit out of bounds from Bengals linebacker Joseph Ossai with eight seconds remaining in regulation which added a game-changing 15 yards. It gave Kansas City a first down at the Cincinnati 27-yard line, setting Chiefs kicker Harrison Butker up for a game-winning 45-yard field goal on a ball that barely squeaked over the cross bar with three seconds remaining. “At some points in games, you’ve got to just put it all on the line,’’ Mahomes said. “I knew it was going to get there somehow.’’ He did, thanks to Ossai, whose name will forever live in Cincinnati sports infamy for all the wrong reasons. As for Mahomes, he was who he always is: the best quarterback in the sport. He was, as he almost always is, the best player on the field, completing 29 of 43 for 326 yards with two touchdowns and no interceptions despite the gimpy ankle. Kelce — back spasms be damned — was who he always is: The best tight end in the sport, finishing with seven receptions for 78 yards and a touchdown. The Mahomes ankle and the Kelce back? No matter. The Chiefs were better than the Bengals, who ended the Kansas City season a year ago in this game at Arrowhead, 27-24, on a game-winning field goal, and were riding a franchise-record 10-game winning streak. Before Sunday night, this rivalry was beginning to look rather one-sided with Burrow so successful against Kansas City that his teammate, cornerback Mike Hilton, coined Arrowhead “Burrowhead” Stadium. “My whole offseason was dedicated to this moment,” Chiefs defensive tackle Chris Jones, who recorded the first two postseason sacks of his career, chirped. “Burrowhead? This was full-circle and we’re back, baby. This is Arrowhead. Remember that.” Chiefs players had been chafed all week about the “Burrowhead” thing, and after the game there was some serious crowing on the part of the Kansas City players. “Is this thing still called ‘Arrowhead?’ ” Mahomes yelled. “I got some words for that Cincinnati mayor — know yo’ role and shut yo’ mouth,” Kelce shouted. On this night, it would be no cigar for Cincinnati, which has become known for Burrow and his teammates smoking victory stogies postgame. The Buffalo visiting locker room probably still carries the stench from the smoke after last week’s win over the Bills. Truth be told, though, the Chiefs actually won this game almost in spite of themselves, giving the Bengals so many chances to stay in it. Up 13-3 in the first half, the Chiefs had a chance to lay it on the Bengals after their rookie cornerback Jaylen Watson picked off Burrow, jumping a route run tight end Hayden Hurst on a poorly thrown floater by the Bengals’ quarterback. The pick gave the Chiefs possession of the ball at the Cincinnati 39-yard line with 2:22 remaining in the half and a chance to lay a hammer down on the Bengals. But the Chiefs went three-and-out and had to punt, keeping the Bengals in the game when KC had a chance to separate itself. The Bengals made the Chiefs pay for that sloppy three-and-out — three errant Mahomes passes — and drove 90 yards in 2:03 to cut the lead to 13-6 with a 23-yard field goal on the final play of the half. Later, with a 20-13 lead late in the third quarter, Mahomes fumbled the ball away as he planted with his right leg to make a pass. It was recovered by Bengals defensive end Sam Hubbard with 55 seconds remaining in the quarter. The Bengals took that possession, from the Kansas City 45, and tied the game at 20-20 on a 2-yard Samaje Perine TD run with 13:30 remaining in the game. That series was kept alive by a 35-yard Burrow pass to Ja’Marr Chase on fourth-and-6 on which Chase somehow caught the ball while blanketed by Watson, the Chiefs corner, and safety Bryan Cook.