Lamar Jackson shared a cryptic message to a social media as he remains without a contract extension from the Ravens. Following Baltimore’s season-ending loss to the Bengals in Sunday’s wild-card game, Jackson appeared to send a message to the Baltimore team that refused to give him a five-year, fully guaranteed contract last offseason. “When you have something good, you don’t play with it,” a message posted to Jackson’s Instagram Story read. “You don’t take chances losing it. You don’t neglect it. When you have something good, you pour into it. You appreciate it. Because when you take care of something good, that good thing takes care of you too.” Jackson, 26, also removed his profile picture on Instagram. His Twitter photo includes a snap of him in his Ravens uniform, while his banner is blank. Jackson, who has been sidelined with a knee injury since Week 13, did not travel with the team for Sunday’s game at Paycor Stadium in Cincinnati, according to the NBC broadcast, which further fueled rumors of a disconnect with the team. Jackson will become an unrestricted free agent when the new league year begins on March 16 if he and the Ravens can’t agree to terms on a new deal. The former NFL MVP represents himself, as he does not have an agent. On Thursday, Jackson gave an update on his knee injury, and provided insight into his PCL strain he sustained in a victory against the Broncos on Dec. 4. “Thank you everyone for your support and concerns regarding my injuries,” Jackson tweeted. “I want to give you all an update as I am in the recovery process. I’ve suffered a PCL grade 2 sprain on the borderline of a strain 3. There is still inflammation surrounding my knee and my knee remains unstable. “I’m still in good spirits, as I continue with treatments on the road to recovery,” he continued. “I wish I could be out there with my guys more than anything but I can’t give a 100% of myself to my guys and fans I’m still hopeful we still have a chance.” Jackson was injured in the first quarter of the Ravens-Broncos game when he was hit from behind by Broncos linebacker Jonathon Cooper. He limped to the sideline was replaced by backup Tyler Huntley, who started Sunday’s playoff loss to the Bengals.