Can you name the top five most viewed sporting events in the world, year-to-year? Hint: the Superbowl, the World Series, and the NBA Finals don’t make the cut. They’re not even close. Sources disagree on the exact standing, but the Cricket World Cup, hosted every four years, easily knocks every major American sporting event out of the running (as does the FIFA World Cup, but who’s counting?) That’s all to say: though you may not think about it much, cricket is one of the most popular sports in the world, especially in India, Pakistan, and, as “The Test” proves — Australia. The first season of the Amazon Original docu-series premiered back in everyone’s favorite month, March of 2020, and followed the Australian men’s cricket team as they recovered from a devastating scandal: “Sandpapergate,” otherwise known as the 2018 Australian ball-tampering scandal. Evidently, you can’t rub your cricket ball down with sandpaper before you pitch. And it’s especially bad if you’re caught doing so on TV. The second season finds the Australian men’s cricket team in another moment of transition, documenting the departure of team captain Tim Paine and head coach Justin Langer, both of whom were influential in righting the team’s course following their widely-covered scandal. Hooked yet? We don’t blame you. Below, we’ve outlined more details about “The Test” Season Two, the cast, and how you can watch it now. As of today, Jan. 13, all four episodes of “The Test” season two are streaming exclusively on Amazon Prime Video, alongside the eight-episode first season. If you don’t already have a subscription, it seems like every week, there are more reasons to get one (or just try out a 30-day free trial). In addition to “The Test” a Prime Video subscription offers an impressive slate of some of the year’s biggest movies, including “Jurassic World Dominion” and “My Policeman,” and gripping original series like “The Rig,”  “A League of Their Own,” and “Marvelous Ms. Maisel,” and hundreds of movies and binge-able TV shows, to name a few. Beginning today, Jan. 13, “The Test” Season Two is available to stream in its entirety exclusively on Amazon Prime Video. Get a Prime Video subscription (if you don’t have one already), and ring in 2023 by getting super into cricket. YOLO, right? If the first season of “The Test” was about finding redemption in the eyes of the Australian public, the second season is about finding that same redemption in, and for, themselves. Just three years after the team’s recovery from their international “sandpapergate” scandal, the Australian men’s cricket team is once again falling apart. Their fearless leader, team captain Tim Paine, is asked to resign after allegations of improper conduct off the pitch. Shortly after, head coach Justin Langer also resigns for unrelated reasons, leaving the team in disarray. “The Test” Season Two follows the team through their tumultuous 2021-2022 season, and all the highs and lows in between. Curious to know what happens next? There’s only one place to find out. Check out “The Test” season two today on Amazon Prime Video. For more content, check out the New York Post Shopping section.  