The sex-trafficking case against Andrew Tate is “basically built on lies,” according to two women who say they’re being treated as accusers despite repeatedly stating that they are “not victims.” The official Twitter handle of the still-jailed influencer was among those sharing an interview of two of the women listed as victims of what Romanian investigators have called a violent organized gang. “This is very unfair. They don’t deserve it,” said one of the women, neither of whom was named in the clip he shared but who described them both as social media influencers. “I don’t understand … the prosecutors [said] we’re victims in this case, when we obviously declared we are not the victims,” she said. “So this case is basically built on lies,” she said, asking: “How can I trust the Romanian authorities?” The interview on Urmeaza appeared to show the duo, one with blond and the other with dark hair. In the shared clip, which appeared to be heavily edited, one of the women said that the pair were introduced to Tate and his 34-year-old brother Tristan — one of the co-accused — through “mutual friends.” “We ended up being like family,” she said of the Tate brothers. “I’ve never worked for them or with them. We’re just very, very close,” she said. She maintained that she has constantly made clear that she does not view herself as a victim throughout the investigation, which started in April last year after a 22-year-old American woman said she’d been held against her will and raped by the ex-kickboxing champ. “I think it’s pretty embarrassing that 9 months after the first raid in April last year [when] we gave our statements in which clearly we said we weren’t the victims” that they are being used against the brothers, she said. “I’m pretty annoyed and upset and I don’t understand why this is happening,” she said. In a separate interview — also shared on Tate’s Twitter page — his attorney, Eugen Vidineac, also appeared to reference the two women when asked about the six complainants. “Not true. It’s not two complaints, but not six,” he told Gândul. He said that “several statements” in the case were from people “presented as victims” who did not have “the status of injured parties” or “having ever filed complaints” against the Tates. In his interview, the attorney revealed that both Tate brothers are unmarried dads, without elaborating on how many kids each has. He also suggested that the influencer is being tried in part on his social media persona, noting how many online create “a reprehensible, immoral image on social media” while really having ” stable, solid moral principles.” “Now, in the case of the Tate brothers, I don’t know what their intention was on social media to promote themselves,” Vidineac said. “But I’m left wondering: could this intention on social media stand as evidence in a criminal prosecution case?” Andrew Tate suggested Sunday that he had been hospitalized, sharing a report on it while saying that “the Matrix has attacked me.” He and his brother are due back in court on Tuesday, where they are fighting the decision to keep them locked up until the end of the month, his attorney said. Tate, meanwhile, suggested his arrest was merely a sign of his greatness. “It seems every generation’s great revolutionaries suffer from unfair imprisonment,” his Twitter page said.