They made their body modification fantasy a reality — at the expense of family. A former banker who covered their body in tattoos and piercings in a bid to become the world’s “first genderless dragon” is speaking out about the dramatic body transformation. Tiamat Legion Medusa, 61, who hails from Texas, has spent the past decade undergoing an epic metamorphosis into the mythical monster. In an interview with YouTuber Anthony Padilla, Medusa — who was born Richard Hernandez, and now uses they/them pronouns — explained they were working as a high-flying financier before deciding they could no longer partake in corporate conformity. “I was in my late 40s, prior to me living my life as the freak that I am … I already had 79 piercings and most of them were hidden,” explained Medusa, who goes by Dragon Lady Medusa online. “The ones that weren’t I could take out every day and put them back in, which is what I used to do.” However, Medusa had long dreamed of adding more prominent piercings and tattoos which weren’t appropriate for the world of finance — so they subsequently quit their career and embarked on pursuing their dragon dream. In the years since, Medusa has tattooed their face, split their tongue and even added $80,000 horn implants on their forehead as part of the transformation. But it hasn’t always been smooth sailing, since the entertainer admitted they are estranged from their adult son who doesn’t understand the extreme makeover. “The relationship or the connection with my son has changed,” the tattooed Texan confessed. “At the time when I started my transformation, my son had already turned 16, and he rejected me at that point in my life.” “My son hasn’t been in my life for seven years, I’m hoping that he is at least watching me on the internet because the reason I’m out there in such a big way is for him,” they somberly added. Meanwhile, Medusa is on a mission to prove that you can be both successful and forge an unconventional path at the same time, and encouraged all people stuck in corporate careers to pursue their authentic truth. “It’s incredible to hear and see people who don’t know me to automatically assume that I’m a loser, I’ve never accomplished anything in my life, or I’m ignorant and probably didn’t graduate from high school,” they declared.