A hero has been reborn. The sixth installment of the much-beloved “Scream” franchise is due March 10 — and a new trailer dropped Thursday to give fans a fresh scare. Embattled “Heroes” alum Hayden Panettiere — who played Kirby Reed in 2011’s “Scream 4″ — is using the stab series to launch a career comeback after years of personal struggles. With OG star Neve Campbell not reprising her leading role because of a pay dispute, Panettiere and Courteney Cox, as perennial Ghostface victim Gale Weathers, are helming the NYC-set “Scream 6.” Thursday’s teaser opens with the masked killer terrorizing sophomore stars Jenna Ortega and Melissa Barrera in a bodega. As usual, Ghostface leaves a trail of bodies in his wake while pursuing the Woodsboro women. “There’s a darkness inside of me,” says Barrera’s character, Sam Carpenter. “It followed me here. And it’s going to keep coming for us.” Stars of the fifth film in the series Jasmin Savoy Brown and Mason Gooding are also back — and afraid as ever, per the trailer. Panettiere makes a surprise appearance in the clip, rocking a cool new platinum blond ‘do and a leather jacket, as she declares to her sister, Ortega’s Tara Carpenter: “We share a certain history. This isn’t like any other Ghostface.” Joining the cast are Samara Weaving, Dermot Mulroney, Tony Revolori, Josh Segarra, Liana Liberato and Jack Champion. The trailer also reveals that someone created a shrine for Ghostface, featuring masks, black capes and knives. And as with every “Scream” film so far, Cox’s Gale is called, tormented and chased by the homicidal maniac. In one scene, the “Friends” alum proclaims to him: “You know you’re like the 10th guy to try this, right? It never works out for the dips–t in the mask.” “But I’m something different,” Ghostface claims. “You want me? Let’s finish this,” Sam says to him. The trailer ends with Gooding and Savoy’s characters, as well as Sam and Tara, spotting Ghostface on a No. 2 train. Following the clip drop, fans took to Twitter to express their disappointment that Campbell will not be back as the “ultimate final girl” in “Scream 6.” “I’m sad as well; but good on Neve for sticking up for herself and for women. Women have long been underpaid,” a user reasoned. Another vowed: “Not to be that person, but … I’m gonna be that person. I’m not watching this without Neve Campbell.  If she chose to just not do it is one thing, but y’all refusing to pay her what she’s worth? Nah. Keep it.” “Sidney Prescott is THEE final girl. Not including her in Scream 6 because y’all refused to pay Neve Campbell her worth is absurd,” a fan proclaimed.