“The only thing worse than a liar,” said Tennessee Williams, “is a liar that’s also a hypocrite!” The great playwright could have been talking about George Santos, who is rapidly cementing the few remaining slimy, disingenuous globules of his reputation as the worst liar in American political history. Given how high the bar is, it is quite an achievement. Santos is also a gorgonzola-strength stinking hypocrite of spectacularly pungent proportions. Before he was exposed as a man so fork-tongued he makes even Prince Harry look like a bastion of public-figure credibility, Santos specialized in calling out others for lying. “BIDEN IS A PATHOLOGICAL LIAR!” he tweeted about the president in August 2021. “How many lies does Adam Schiff need to tell in order to be held accountable?” he demanded to know about the Democratic congressman from California a few months later. And so on. The list of people whom Santos has called out for dishonesty is almost as long as the list of his own lies about himself. Almost, but not quite. Yet he’s still there, sitting in Congress as the elected representative for New York’s Third District. To which I simply ask: What more does this ludicrous clown have to do before he is removed from office? Let’s review the current rap sheet of absolute whoppers he’s told. He said he attended the Horace Mann School in the Bronx. He didn’t. He claimed he graduated from Baruch College in the top 1% of his class in 2010 with a degree in economics and finance. He didn’t. He said he was a “star” on the Baruch volleyball team. He wasn’t. He said he earned an MBA at NYU. He didn’t. His said he worked at Goldman Sachs and Citigroup. He didn’t. He claimed that he owned and ran a real estate portfolio of 13 properties. He didn’t. He said he ran a foundation called Friends of Pets United, saving 2,500 dogs and cats between 2013 and 2018. He didn’t. He said he’s been “openly gay for a decade” but divorced a woman in 2019. Then we get to the really bad stuff … In July 2021, Santos tweeted that the 9/11 attacks “claimed my mother’s life” and said she’d been working in her office in the South Tower. His mother didn’t die on 9/11, she died from cancer in 2016, and there’s no evidence she ever worked at the World Trade Center. He’s claimed to be Jewish. He’s not. He claimed his “grandparents survived the Holocaust,” and “fled persecution during WWII.” They didn’t. He said he lost four employees in the horrific Pulse nightclub mass shooting in 2016. He didn’t. He claimed he was mugged on his way to pay hundreds of dollars in back rent to his Queens landlord during an eviction case. He wasn’t. At this point, you might be beginning to doubt whether he’s even George Santos. I mean, who would use their real name and lie THAT much before running for public office? Your doubts would be justified! Until 2019, Santos said publicly and privately that his name was Anthony Devolder, derived from his middle name and his mother’s maiden name. He’s used other aliases, too. In fact, there seems to be only one cast-iron factual certainty about this guy and it’s that he’s a disgusting, loathsome, lying little toad. And as a slew of investigations now envelop Santos surrounding myriad personal financial irregularities — he was charged with check fraud in Brazil but fled to the US before the case came to court, and has civil judgments against him in New York for unpaid rent — and possible campaign funding corruption, it begs the question: What the hell is he still doing sitting in the United States Congress? Kevin McCarthy, who just got re-elected speaker of the House by the skin of his teeth, insists that Santos is “innocent until proven guilty of a crime.” He’s not standing by him because he thinks he’s innocent. McCarthy knows Santos is a wrong ‘un. But he also knows that he has a paper-thin majority in the House and can’t afford to risk losing a seat, even if it means sticking with a horrible liar and alleged fraudster. So once again in Washington’s hyper-partisan world of toxic tribalism, political expediency overrides doing the right thing. And just look at the character of the man McCarthy is defending. In the latest bombshell, Santos was accused of allegedly conning a disabled, homeless veteran out of $3,000 donated to save the man’s dying service dog. He’s reported to have set up a GoFundMe page to help raise money for the Navy hero, Richard Osthoff, to help his beloved canine Sapphire get treatment for a stomach tumor. But according to Osthoff, once it hit its goal of $3,000, Santos closed and deleted the fundraising page and became hard to reach before he disappeared altogether. Osthoff never saw any of the money, Sapphire never got the treatment she needed, and the heroic dog died. “Little girl never left my side in 10 years,” Osthoff told local NY news site Patch: “I went through two bouts of seriously considering suicide, but thinking about leaving her without me saved my life. I loved that dog so much, I inhaled her last breaths when I had her euthanized.” Predictably, Santos denied even knowing Osthoff when approached by media for a comment, but I know whom I believe and it’s not the Pinocchio congressman. And this appalling story says everything you need to know about this pathetic excuse for a human being. It’s obviously a complete disgrace that completely disgraced Santos hasn’t resigned yet. It’s an even bigger disgrace that McCarthy hasn’t yet forced him to. Have you no shame, Mr. Speaker?