The Florida Panthers have clawed their way back into the playoff picture. After going 16-18-4 through their first 38 games, the Cats are 7-2-1 in their last 10 and now find themselves just three points behind Pittsburgh (although the Penguins have two games in hand) and five behind Washington (Florida has one game in hand on the Caps) heading into play on Monday. It’s still a disappointing place for Florida to be in, considering the Panthers are the reigning Presidents’ Trophy winners. Still, the situation looks a lot brighter compared to where it was two weeks ago. Can Florida keep its roll going against the New York Rangers on Monday night? Tonight’s game is set to begin at 7 p.m. ET on ESPN+. While the Panthers are fighting tooth and nail to get into a playoff spot, the Rangers look destined to finish as the No. 3 seed in the Metropolitan Division. The Blueshirts are seven points behind New Jersey and nine adrift of Carolina, and while they just have a one-point cushion over the Capitals, Washington has played three more games than New York. But the Panthers will look at this contest as a chance to close the gap between one of the teams they are chasing for a spot in the spring fling. Florida is six points behind the Rangers and has played two more games than the Blueshirts, but the more teams the Cats keep within touching distance, the better their chances are at making a real go at this thing. And even though the standings suggest there’s a bit of a gap between the Panthers, who are playing at an 87-point pace, and Rangers, who are playing at a 101-point pace, the underlying numbers suggest these two teams are closer than that gulf suggests. On the season, the Rangers have skated to a +8 goal differential at 5-on-5 and rank 21st in 5-on-5 scoring. Florida boasts a slightly better +13 goal differential,  but they rank third in goals scored and expected goals created at 5-on-5. Despite hiring a more pragmatic, defensive-minded coach in Paul Maurice, Florida’s offense is still driving the bus, while the Rangers are relying on keeping things even at 5-on-5 and hoping that one of their handful of star players, whether it be Igor Shesterkin, Adam Fox, Mika Zibanejad or Artemi Panarin, can prove to be the difference. By looking at the standings, it makes sense to see the Rangers sitting as a -140 home favorite over the Panthers, especially if Aaron Ekblad and/or Sam Bennett miss the game. Florida’s goaltending situation is also a bit murky, as Sergei Bobrovsky is hurt, Spencer Knight is just back from an injury, and Alex Lyon started the team’s last contest. Should Knight get the start and Ekblad draw into the lineup, the Panthers look worth a bet at +120, but we could see this line shoot up even higher if Florida goes with Lyon in goal and Ekblad remains out. In that case, it’s worth waiting to see how long this number gets and then buying in when it reaches the high-water mark. Florida Panthers +118 (BetRivers)