It’s official, folks: Baby Yoda is back. This week saw the release of the trailer for “The Mandalorian” Season 3, featuring the titular Mandalorian’s reunion with Grogu (Baby Yoda’s real name, but we really prefer to stick with his nickname). The last we saw of Mando, he was handing off care of Grogu to none other than Luke Skywalker, who promised to train the tiny green alien in the ways of the Force. One whole spin-off series later (last winter’s “The Book of Boba Fett”), and Baby Yoda is back with his helmeted friend, much to our excitement. No matter what side of the Force you may reside on, Baby’s Yoda’s (a.k.a The Child’s) absurdly cute, wrinkly face has managed to bring us all together. Whether it’s his mini draped shawl, oversized ears, love of naps or eating frogs — it’s no wonder so many fans want to rep the adorable little guy in real life, even if it’s sometimes strange to remember that he’s something like 50 years old, technically. So whether you’re shopping for yourself or are looking to get friends and family pumped for Season 3 of “The Mandalorian,” premiering on Disney+ Mar. 1, we’ve rounded up some of the best Baby Yoda “Star Wars”-themed gifts on the market. From Disney’s very own online store, Amazon, and more, here’s 10 options to add a little more Grogu to your life. If you can’t seem to get enough of Baby Yoda, then snag this adorable plush toy to snuggle up with at night or display in your home. It’s soft, cuddly and includes a detailed faux suede coat with fuzzy trims. A plush Baby Yoda is a plum gift to give, but a talking Baby Yoda might take the cake. This talking plush version of The Child comes complete with a frog to eat and a cup of tea to sip on, plus ten unique noises. If you haven’t yet upgraded to the new Apple iPhone 12, then you’ll totally love rocking this fun phone case decorated with adorable mini Yodas. The molded case has a hard frame and a textured rubber bumper for added support and allows access to all buttons and ports. This cute character clip is the perfect gift for a young Star Wars fan. Why buy a Baby Yoda toy when you can grow one? This Amazon exclusive Chia Pet, featuring The Child himself in his floating bassinet, is only $23, and available for Prime One Day Shipping. Spend a weekend building Grogu from the ground up with this 1,075-piece LEGO set. With  an included placard and Grogu minifigure, and adjustable head and ears, and  this set is a great piece for collectors and toy-lovers alike. If Grogu needed a kidney, would you give it to him? Do you love him that much? And what about if he needed a kidney removed, alongside a frog, a stormtrooper helmet, and other ephemera that ended up lodged in his floating bassinet? Try your hand at it with this Mandalorian-themed Operation game. The Child fleece hoodie is the perfect present for the kid in your life who longs to rep Grogu on a daily basis. Even better: this cuddly, adorable hoodie is available in a range of children’s sizes, and runs for just $24 from Target. This “Book of Boba Fett”-branded LEGO set features The Mandalorian himself, alongside a truly tiny Baby Yoda, and Mando’s new N-1 Starfighter. Unlike the above LEGO set, this one is only 412 pieces, and packed with playability. Just in time for Valentine’s Day, Target is offering this Baby Yoda-themed Pancake Skillet, complete with a heart, for only $7. For more content, check out the New York Post Shopping section.