Calling all wives with pipes. The Iowa State Fair’s “husband calling” contest has the internet in a fit of laughter, as a viral video of the competition shows women screaming or singing their spouses’ names to win a measly $5. In a TikTok posted by user @_rhinestonecowboy, the top five finalists can be seen – or rather, heard – screaming their husbands’ names in a variety of different ways. Women of all ages showed off their impressive lung capacity and ability to corral their husbands using different communication strategies, such as repetition, yodeling, nagging and shrieking. The fifth-place competitor opens the video by repeating her husband’s name and complaining about his tardiness. “Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, hurry up. I don’t want be late,” she says into the microphone. She’s followed by a woman who yodels her partner’s moniker, then the third-place finalist sings her husband’s name. The second-place finalist simply shrieked, “DARRYL!” Lastly, the prize-winner Bonney Swalwell Eilert screams her husband’s name, “Roy,” and then says, “Can you hear me? You get yourself in here right now. Come on! You know you’re gonna be late again and you know that I want to get there on time.” The hilarious clip, using televised footage of the 2017 competition, racked up 16.6 million views in just four days. The “husband calling” contest is a years-old tradition at the Iowa State Fair, where there are also similar competitions, including a “mom calling” competition. Anyone can enter the competition for free, a spokesperson from the Iowa State Fair told The Post. While the first-place winner receives $5, everyone else, which is typically 12 to 15 participants, is granted a ribbon. In the video’s comment sections, viewer reactions ranged from pure confusion to downright hilarity. “Is this… real?” one baffled user wrote. “Sadly, as an Iowan, this is real. Welcome to the Iowa state fair,” another confirmed. “I don’t understand this,” someone else questioned. “Do they go by the more relatable?….The most funny?…LIKE WHAT DOES IT TAKE TO WIN?” “Finally something I’m good at,” one user quipped. “I feel for Roy man,” someone else joked. “My fiancé’s name is Roy I’m taking notes,” another wrote. “The 1st place had me DYING,” a viewer commented. “Where do I sign up,” inquired another. The creator who posted the clip followed up with part two, which amassed 1.2 million views and showcased the 2021 competition that featured more of the same characters calling out their husband’s names. Some women belted out the monikers in song, while others simply screamed or pretended to be beckoning their hubbies.