Sasha Banks is officially back in pro wrestling. As rumored, the former WWE star showed up at New Japan Pro-Wrestling’s Wrestle Kingdom 17 pay-per-view in the Tokyo Dome on Wednesday morning in her first wrestling appearance since she and Naomi walked out of “Monday Night Raw” in May. Banks, whose real name is Mercedes Vernado and is now going by the name Mercedes Mone, confronted the inaugural IWGP women’s champion Kairi (formerly Kairi Sane in WWE) after she defeated Tam Nakano. Mone attacked Kairi and challenged her for the championship at NJPW’s Battle in the Valley event in San Jose, Calif. on Feb. 18. Naomi and WWE star Bayley were both in Japan to support Banks. Current AEW and former WWE tag team FTR also posted photos with Banks and Bayley on Instagram; FTR lost the IWGP tag team titles to Bishamon at Wrestle Kingdom. The Boss has always been a huge fan of Japanese wrestling and has dreamed of working in the country for years – something she wouldn’t have been able to do in WWE. Stardom, for whom Kairi officially works, entered into a historic partnership with New Japan this year. So it is possible Banks, 30, works for both promotions this year to help put eyes on their increased investment in women’s wrestling. She mentioned both New Japan and Stardom in her promo after taking out Kairi. “Kairi, congrats on making history tonight. I also know a thing or two about making history. I am here in New Japan and Stardom to make some more,” Mone said in the ring. “Allow me to introduce myself. I am the conversation, the standard, the blueprint and the CEO of this women’s division. So Kairi san, enjoy your IWJP women’s championship while you can.” The Mandalorian star reportedly became a free agent on Jan. 1 and can now take wrestling bookings. She is still listed on the active roster page of WWE’s website, but she said her goodbyes to WWE and thanked Triple H, Vince McMahon and William Regal with tweets on Tuesday night. It is possible Banks will also be Saraya’s mystery partner against Britt Baker and Jamie Hayter for AEW Dynamite at The Forum in Los Angeles next week. While there hasn’t been a strong indication that will be the case, AEW hasn’t yet done anything that would confirm or deny Banks won’t be at the show or signing with them. If she doesn’t immediately sign with another U.S. promotion, the six-time women’s world champion and three-time women’s tag champ in WWE will be one of the most sought-after performers in the industry following the headlines she and Naomi cause by walking out of Raw. The two reportedly bailed after being announced for a six-pack challenge to determine the No. 1 contender for the Raw women’s championship because of creative differences with the direction of the women’s tag team championships they held at the time. Since receiving an on-air scolding from the company via commentator Michael Cole, WWE for the most part has avoided any references to Banks or Naomi. While the two had not appeared in a wrestling ring since May, they haven’t stayed out of the public eye, appearing at a number of red-carpet events and participating in New York fashion week. Banks also has her own CBD brand, Kanndela, along with fellow wrestler Kalisto, which won industry newcomer at the World CBD Awards this year. She also announced she recently finished filming her first movie.