This sprawling Upper West Side home is much bigger than a classic six. Billionaire George Soros’s second wife, historian Susan Weber, is once again attempting to offload her house-sized co-op unit. Following a failed attempt to sell her palatial penthouse more than a decade ago, in 2012, she has once again listed the Central Park West stunner, Crain’s first reported. Weber — who founded and is currently the director of 86th Street’s Bard College-affiliated graduate center — paid $25 million for the 12-room pre-war abode in 2006 and attempted to get $50 million for it upon first listing. That lofty listing price was subsequently slashed to $32.5 million before disappearing from the market, according to Crain’s. Now the seven-bathroom, five-bedroom is back — for $27.5 million. “It’s really hard to find apartments that are big enough, that are true five to six bedrooms,” Brown Harris Stevens listing representative Lisa K. Lippman told The Post of the estate-sized co-op. “It’s also a northeast corner apartment and clears the Dakota,” she added, noting the unit has “amazing views out of most rooms.” From the 104-foot-long terrace, Central Park spreads to the horizon. In addition to the 6,000 square feet of interior space, the 19th-floor property at 115 Central Park West — known as the Majestic — also has 900 square feet of outdoor space. “You can do some of that indoor-outdoor living off the open kitchen, which you never get in a prewar building,” added Lippman. Other amenities include a private elevator entry, two dishwashers, a wet bar and a “living room-sized library,” as the listing describes. The primary bedroom is large — and the suite also includes an office, separate dressing rooms and “the absolutely most sumptuous primary bathroom.” The space really is enormous, and fits an oversize custom bathtub, a double marble vanity and a steam shower. The primary suite also has a separate east-facing terrace. The other bedrooms, staff quarters and laundry are located in a separate wing of the unit.