Lolo Jones said she has had “three different male stalkers” in the past year. The 40-year-old Olympian took to Instagram Tuesday with a candid message about men “crossing the line” with her — and included a photo of what appeared to be one of her alleged stalkers standing at her front door. “In the last year I’ve had three different male stalkers,” Jones wrote in her post, which included a somber selfie taken inside her car. “Three times now where guys have crossed the line, jeopardized my and my friends safety [and] altered my life. “One guy broke into the Olympic training center and stayed overnight in hopes to find me. Another guy has continued to harass my friends in attempts to reach me. And lastly, a guy stalked my house and told the police he knew me from Instagram and I invited him to come live with me.” Jones went on to explain that she is not interested in dating someone through Instagram. “I’m DONE,” she wrote. “If there was any confusion here is me being very f–king clear: I’m not interested. EVER. This is not the way to go.” Jones included a photo of what appeared to be her home security camera footage capturing a person and movement at her front door. “To make it clear: I DO NOT WANT TO DATE ANYONE FROM INSTAGRAM,” Jones wrote over the photo. She then shared a separate photo with safety tips to call the police and carry protection if you feel you are in danger. Fans and fellow athletes shared their support for Jones in the comments section of her post, including track and field star Nia Ali, who wrote that the situation is “sickening.” It’s unclear if Jones is working with police regarding the matter. Jones — an Olympic hurdler and bobsledder — has opened up about her dating life and her desire to one day have a family in various Instagram posts. In May, Jones said in a post on Instagram that she was “so exhausted” by her dating life and “prayed for years with many tears for God please to allow me to find my husband.” At the time, Jones revealed that she would “get teased all the time” by men because she won’t have premarital sex.