The director of doomed movie “A Patriot” alleged that lead star Eva Green would “rather eat tumors” than star in his sci-fi flick. The French actress, 42, is currently embroiled in a messy legal battle over the film, in which she had signed on to appear before it was spectacularly scrapped amid financing issues in 2019. Green is suing White Lantern Film, the production company behind “A Patriot,” saying she is still entitled to her $1 million fee for the movie, despite the fact it never got off the ground. White Lantern is countersuing the actress, however, accusing her of “fraudulently misrepresent[ing] that she was ready, willing and able to perform her contractual obligations.” They say Green never had any intention of starring in the flick and undermined the project. Taking to the stand in London’s High Court on Monday, the actress — who is best known for playing Bond girl Vesper Lynd in the 2006 film “Casino Royale” — insisted those accusations were untrue. Green claimed that she “fell in love” with the script of “A Patriot” and wanted to make the “most brilliant film possible.” “I don’t care about the money,” the actress told the courtroom. “I live to make good films. It’s my religion.” “A Patriot” was initially expected to be a $10 million film, directed by Dan Pringle. Green signed on to play “a loyal government official” working for a “futuristic authoritarian state.” However, before production began, the film failed to secure adequate financing, and the budget began being reduced without Green’s knowledge, according to Variety. The “Penny Dreadful” star subsequently expressed reservations about the film, fearing it might be badly made and could have a long-term negative impact on her reputation as a big-name actress. During questioning by a lawyer representing White Lantern Film, Green admitted to the court that she sent a text message worrying that “A Patriot” would be a “s – – tty” B-grade movie. “When you appear in a B movie, you are labeled as a B actress,” Green said on the stand. “It could kill my career.” The lawyer for White Lantern claimed Green has also sent text messages describing a production manager as a “f – – king moron” and local crew members as “s – – tty peasants.” Green’s lawyer insisted that those texts were referenced without proper “context” and that White Lantern’s lawsuit was designed to paint the actress as “a diva to win headlines and damage her reputation.” He added that Green “bent over backward” to try and get the film made before it was scrapped due to financing issues. White Lantern contests that claim, saying Green was instrumental in undermining the “A Patriot” and should not be paid her fee. One text message sent by director Dan Pringle amid budget issues stated that he, Green and Adam Merrifield were opposed to some of the changes being made to the movie. In the text, the director was discussing whether the trio “wished to proceed with the new structure.” “As of right now, obviously all three of us would rather eat tumors,” he wrote. In court, Pringle said he “regretted” making that claim because he should not have spoken on behalf of Green. The case is ongoing. The Post has reached out to reps for Green for comment.