The crazed man accused of flying into a rage and stabbing two employees at the Museum of Modern Art last year has been extradited to the Big Apple and charged, cops said Wednesday. Gary Cabana, 60 — who was initially arrested in Philadelphia and held for a psychiatric evaluation — returned to New York and was charged late Tuesday with two counts of attempted murder and two counts of assault in connection to the March 12 rampage, authorities said. Cabana is accused of stabbing a male and female worker, both 24, because he’d just been turned away from a “Bringing Up Baby” screening at the museum. Both victims were hospitalized with non-life-threatening injuries. Police said Cabana had two previous outbursts at the museum, which prompted his membership to be terminated — and led to the Saturday attack. But the man denied any such incidents in a bizarre series of Instagram messages with The Post. “NOT TRUE AT ALL,” he wrote. “I was completely blindsided by the ‘letter’ from security without any meeting or consultation to explain my mental health situation and how important GREAT MOVIES are to my life.” In an Instagram post, he claimed, “When they said I couldn’t go upstairs to see STARRY STARYY NIGHT EVER AGAIN I lost it.” He was arrested in Philly days after the incident and charged with arson for allegedly torching a local Best Western hotel room, local authorities said at the time. He was found sleeping on a bench at a Greyhound station and taken into custody, according to the sources. “I’m the guy you’re looking for,” he allegedly said. “I had a bad day.” “I’m not a bad guy,” Cabana also told Philly cops, according to the sources. “I just snapped.” As officers escorted Cabana into a waiting car, he praised the city’s police department, saying, “I appreciate you guys, really. I really do,” footage recorded by WTXF-TV shows. “Best cops in the United States over here,” he said. Once inside the car, he added, “They just made the United States safe. I’m public enemy number one,” and laughed.