BOSTON — Julius Randle and Jalen Brunson expectedly fell short Thursday in final voting for the NBA All-Star Game, despite placing in the top 10 at their respective positions. Randle, who finished ninth among Eastern Conference frontcourt players, and Brunson, who was No. 10 in the backcourt, then reemphasized their respective cases for inclusion as reserves — fronting the Knicks to their signature win of the season against the team with the best record in the league. In a 37-point night, Randle scored 14 points in the first quarter and 14 more in the third, while Brunson netted 29 points with seven assists and a game-saving blocked shot as the Knicks overcame yet another blown double-digit lead by pulling out a thrilling 120-117 overtime win over the Celtics at TD Garden. “Just find a way to win,” coach Tom Thibodeau said after his team’s second straight victory. “The way the game started, they hit us pretty good to start the game. We fought back, we got back into it and played really well. “I thought our bench gave us another really good lift. And then some big plays down the stretch. … Jules was Jules, Jalen was terrific. A good team win.” RJ Barrett finished with 19 points, including two victory-sealing free throws in the final seconds, and Immanuel Quickley contributed 17 points off the bench as the Knicks improved to 15-10 away from Madison Square Garden for the third-most road wins in the NBA, behind the Celtics (17) and the Nets (16). “We can beat anybody. We can lose to anybody. That’s the league,” said Randle, who was dismissively referred to as Julius Randolph by Shaquille O’Neal on TNT before the game. “We can see how special we can be on a night-to-night basis if we come in with the right focus.” Jayson Tatum scored 35 points after he was named an All-Star starter, but Jaylen Brown, who had 22 points, missed two key free throws late in overtime for the Celtics (35-15), who played without starting point guard Marcus Smart. Tatum sank his first five shots, including a couple of 3-pointers, and he netted 12 early points as Boston raced to a quick 22-7 lead. But Randle bettered Tatum’s total with 14 points in the first quarter as the Knicks chipped away and trailed 34-26 after the first 12 minutes. The Knicks came out strong in the second quarter, scoring the first nine points to grab the lead at 35-34 on a free throw by Quickley. They had tied it at 34-34 on a long outlet pass by Isaiah Hartenstein to Obi Toppin, who sank a lefty layup. Randle netted 14 more points in the third quarter, highlighted by a drive around Tatum for a one-handed dunk. That helped extend the Knicks’ cushion to nine with under three minutes left in the period. Toppin’s 3-pointer and two free throws by Miles McBride pushed the Knicks’ lead to 13 with 8:00 remaining in the fourth quarter, but the Celtics clawed back within two on Malcolm Brodgon’s 3-pointer with 1:58 to go. A 24-second violation whistled against the Knicks set up a driving layup by Tatum that tied the score at 110-110 with 48.1 seconds left. But Jericho Sims (14 rebounds) swatted Robert Williams’ put-back attempt as regulation expired to force overtime. The Celtics led by as many as five in the extra session, but a 3-pointer by Randle and another by Barrett from the corner gave the Knicks a 116-115 lead with 29 seconds remaining. After Brown responded with a driving score to put Boston back ahead, Randle sank two free throws to regain the lead for the Knicks. Brown then clanked a pair from the stripe with 7.1 seconds left and Barrett sank two for a three-point lead with 5.7 seconds remaining. And one game after Hartenstein closed out a quality home win against the Cavaliers with a blocked shot (even if the league later deemed it should have been called a foul), Brunson got just enough of Brogdon’s 3-point attempt as time expired. “Saw the play, reacted. Saw we didn’t have a lot of time, so I put my hand up and got a piece of the ball,” Brunson said. “I think you saw a team that’s fighting and scrapping for everything,” Barrett added. “Loose balls, everything, we fought hard the whole way and came in here and got a big win.”