Rihanna is coming for the Super Bowl LVII. The “Pon de Replay” crooner, 34, got fans very excited for the Apple Music halftime show when she shared a new teaser on Friday, a month before the big night. In the 30-second clip, the “Umbrella” singer walked a runway with voices of fans asking her when she’s releasing new music. As she got closer to the camera, she put a finger to her lips in a “shhhh” movement. The new mother of one sported a lime-green fur coat, black jumpsuit, a tangle of silver necklaces, Jennifer Fisher hoops and a wild braided hairstyle in the teaser. “Dude, Rihanna, we’ve waited for you,” someone’s voice noted. One chimed in, “It’s been six years since the nine-time Grammy winner dropped an album.” “RiRi, where have you been?!” another fan said in the trailer’s background. The “Ocean’s 8” star’s single “Needed Me” then played at the conclusion of the clip. Rumors have swirled that Rihanna will release a new album as fans have been wondering the reason for her years-long hiatus. She last released a snippet of new music — her first in seven years — in October, when she dropped the tune “Lift Me Up” for the “Wakanda Forever” soundtrack. Rihanna’s much-anticipated halftime show will air on Feb. 12 when the biggest football game of the year commences. On Jan. 8, the NFL posted a video of RiRi wearing a Fenty-branded football hoodie, with the caption reading: “5 weeks from today.” The sweatshirt, part of her limited-edition Savage X Fenty Game Day collection, showed the family photo that she used to reveal she would be performing halftime. Rihanna announced last September that she would be singing at the show, which will be produced by DPS, with Roc Nation and Jesse Collins as executive producers and Hamish Hamilton as director. “We are thrilled to welcome Rihanna to the Apple Music Super Bowl Halftime Show stage,” Seth Dudowsky, NFL Head of Music, said in a statement to the Hollywood Reporter at the time. He continued: “Rihanna is a once-in-a-generation artist who has been a cultural force throughout her career. We look forward to collaborating with Rihanna, Roc Nation and Apple Music to bring fans another historic Halftime Show performance.”