Where will Lamar Jackson be Week 1 of the 2023 NFL season? It’s anyone guess. Rumors have been swirling for weeks around the 2019 MVP, who missed the Ravens’ last five regular season games and their Wild Card matchup with the Bengals thanks to a knee injury. Jackson and the Ravens brass have butted heads over the past year or so, culminating in the quarterback missing the team’s playoff game in Cincinnati. But John Harbaugh and the Baltimore Ravens indicated this week that they want to work out an extension with Jackson. Even so, anything can happen in the NFL. Let’s take a look at potential landing spots for Jackson and the odds on his next destination, courtesy of PointsBet Sportsbook. (If he returns to Baltimore, all bets are voided) The Jets are in desperate need of a new quarterback after the Zach Wilson-Mike White experience last season. With talent on all sides of the ball, New York may be a quarterback away from competing in the tough AFC East. Jets owner Woody Johnson has already indicated as much, admitting that he’s willing to spend on a QB and calling the position “kind of the missing piece.” But there are a couple of problems with the Jets as a Lamar destination. One is the aforementioned Wilson. The Jets just used the No. 2 overall pick on him, and Johnson said recently he’s their QB of the future. Is the Jets front office willing to go back on Johnson’s statements and commit to Jackson long-term? Or are they more willing to go with a stopgap like Tom Brady? Two, it’d take some maneuvering around the cap. The Jets are roughly $8 million under the salary cap, which is nowhere close to enough to land Jackson. But if Lamar is willing, and the right deal can be made with the Ravens, the bright lights of New York are as good of a situation as any for the superstar. They sure have the money to do it. After trying and failing to bring in Deshaun Watson last season, the Falcons have $56.8 million in cap space to bring in Jackson. Atlanta may have enough future assets to intrigue the Ravens as well, including a top-ten pick this season and a surplus of future picks. Their promising young roster likely intrigues Jackson, but that could be a reason why Falcons decision-makers may opt to shy away. Atlanta has spent years adding draft capital and collecting young talent. Do they want to throw all that cap space and future assets for Lamar? They sure seemed willing to do so for Watson. Desmond Ridder showed some promise during his 2-2 stretch over the Falcons’ final four games of the regular season, but he shouldn’t stop Atlanta from bringing in a franchise-altering quarterback like Jackson. The famously risk-averse Patriots seem like an unlikely landing for Jackson, but here we are. The Patriots have a solid collection of draft picks of their own (seven this year and eight next year), giving them a decent war chest if they need to make a deal with Baltimore. They also should have the money to do it, with about $44 million in cap room. New England’s defense was one of the best in football this season, so adding an all-around offensive force like Jackson could vault them back into consistent contention once again. Mac Jones was competent in his second season, but it was a clear step back from his rookie year when he showed much more promise. Maybe Bill Belichick and Co. are finally ready to make the big move they spent so many years avoiding.