A picture’s worth a thousand words — but the one on this ultra-sexy book cover left a woman speechless. In celebration of her college graduation, aspiring actress Christian Demeritt hired a photographer to snap a series of tasteful headshots, hoping the frames would help her land a few acting gigs. But, unfortunately for the unsuspecting silver screen wannabe, the snaps landed her on the cover of a soft-core adult novel, billed as a “sexy [big beautiful woman], childhood sweetheart romance.” “I didn’t read the fine print on my headshots contract and my photographer sold my pics to stock photo sites,” a crestfallen Demeritt, 38, from Miami, lamented in the closed captions of her trending TikTok confessional — backed by the social media-viral “Oh, No” audio. In the eye-popping post, which raked in over 395,000 views, the duped diva displayed a screenshot of an Amazon book listing, which features her as the cover girl of a tome entitled “His Big Childhood Sweetheart,” alongside a shirtless, muscle-bound man. The risqué page-turner’s description includes saucy keywords such as “plus size loving billionaire,” “black woman, white man,” “big beautiful woman” and “childhood sweetheart.” And Demeritt’s online audience was stunned by the horrifying photoshoot foul. “What in the world!?!?? … How you gonna explain that to your boss? To your kids? To your [significant other]?,” a shocked commentator questioned. “Jail. Immediately. Cause why did they do you like that?,” another chimed. “I know you probably can’t sue, but I’d have to fight over this,” said another. In a subsequent “story time” clip, Demeritt explained that her unnamed photographer in south Florida offered her a “discounted rate” of $100 for post-graduation headshots in 2010. And after the shoot, she was happy with the snaps. “I shook his hand, thanked him for his services and that was it,” Demeritt recalled. However, shortly thereafter, a friend in Sacramento, Calif., sent a picture of her face superimposed atop Leonardo da Vinci’s famed Mona Lisa as the front page art of a local newspaper. “Sacramento News & Review used my picture, and turned me into the Mona Lisa,” said Demeritt, noting that her image was used in an article about the lack of diversity in the city’s art scene. “I actually liked it,” she confessed. “However, I didn’t know how they got it.” Her likeness continued to be used — sans her authorization — both domestically and internationally on billboards, plastic surgery campaigns and in entertainment publications. “This picture,” explained Demeritt of a shot that features her well-endowed chest, “ironically enough was used for a breast reduction ad.” The bulletin advertised cosmetic surgery therapy in New York City. She went on to claim that the photo had also been used as garnish to embellish spicy news features like “10 tops to wear if you have big boobs,” and “An open letter to the guy who accidentally touched my boob.” “This picture has made its rounds,” the hapless Hollywood hopeful sighed.