You’d be “Crazy” to miss this one. From April 25 through June 12, R&B legend Seal will celebrate the 30th anniversary of his first and second albums — “Seal” and “Seal II” released in 1991 and 1994 — by taking all of his greatest hits on a 25-concert tour. That includes huge gigs at Philadelphia’s Met on May 11 and New York City’s Beacon Theatre on May 23. Those records include hits like “Kiss From A Rose” and “Crazy” as well as underrated deep cut classics like the soulful “Deep Water,” the propulsive “Future Love Paradise,” the smooth “Bring It On” and the ballad “If I Could.” This run of shows, Seal’s first official trek since 2018-19’s international “The Standards Tour,” promises something different from your standard tour too. In an Instagram post, Seal shared that he’s bringing along his original musical director Trevor Horn who will ensure fans can relive the sound they know and love. On top of that, The Buggles will tour with Seal as well as one or two as yet unnamed special guests. And if you want tickets, you can grab yours as soon as today. Although inventory isn’t available on Ticketmaster until Friday, Jan. 27, fans who want to ensure they have tickets ahead of time can purchase on sites like Vivid Seats before tickets are officially on sale. Vivid Seats is a secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand. They have a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and will be delivered before the event.  On April 25, Seal’s 30th Anniversary Tour takes off at Phoenix’s Arizona Financial Theatre. From there, the four-time Grammy winner will play at venues all over the country including Dallas (April 30), Atlanta (May 6), Washington, D.C. (May 10), Boston (May 12) and Chicago (May 27). Plus, Seal will stop into Las Vegas for a pair of shows on June 2 and June 3. The run ends on June 12 at Seattle’s Paramount Theatre. A complete calendar featuring all upcoming Seal tour dates, venues, show start times and links to buy tickets can be found here.  Although Seal hasn’t released a proper album since 2017’s “Standards,” he has steadily put out singles, remixes, remasters and Christmas songs over the past few years. If you want to hear everything he’s been working on, take a peek at Seal’s Spotify account to explore.  While we’re not quite sure who the “special guests” Seal teased are, we can confirm that The Buggles will open for Seal. The Buggles, who you might know for their massive hit “Video Killed The Radio Star,” also happen to be Trevor Horn’s band. This run of shows will be the band’s first since 2011 according to Setlist.FM. Want to brush up on all things Buggles? We recommend streaming “The Plastic Age,” “Elstree” and “Clean, Clean.”  You may find yourself at quite a few arenas, stadiums and amphitheaters this year since there’s an embarrassment of riches coming to North America in the next few months. Here are just five artists we’re most excited about in the next few months. • Madonna • Depeche Mode • Janet Jackson • Pink • Ed Sheeran That’s not all though. Check out our list of the 52 biggest acts on tour in 2023 here.