Hold onto yourself — Sarah McLachlan is starring in a Super Bowl ad for Busch Light. In the 30-second spot that dropped Monday, two weeks ahead of Super Bowl 2023, “Busch Guy” is seen teaching wilderness survival skills. “Three things are required in the great outdoors: food, drink and shelter,” the beer brand’s spokesman advises while showing a six-pack of Busch Light for “drink.” Upon hearing “shelter,” McLachlan, 55, pushes open her tent as her iconic 1997 song “Angel” plays. “Hello, I’m Sarah McLachlan. For just dollars a day, you can help helpless animals find shelter,” the “Adia” crooner intones as she pokes fun at the American Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals commercials she narrated in the aughts. The tear-jerking ads featured somber puppies and kitties, as McLachlan encouraged viewers to donate money to stop animal abuse. But she has found herself in the wrong commercial as Busch Guy informs her that it’s the “wrong ‘shelter,’ Sarah” and “also, that’s a wolf.” McLachlan spoofed her ASPCA fund-raising work just last year in an ad for Bolt — a checkout technology company. She lauded the new commercial in a press release. “Busch Light shares my love of animals and the wilderness so, while it seems unexpected, this spot is a really clever and good-hearted mix of my passions and their brand,” McLachlan said in a statement. “Last year, Kenny G revived the beer brand’s classic ‘Head for the Mountains’ song, and that’s a tough act to follow, but I love that Busch Light is playing into nostalgia again with a new rendition of my ‘Angel’ ASPCA commercial, and I can’t wait to see how people react,” she continued. McLachlan is referring to last year’s Busch Light Super Bowl commercial, where Kenny G appeared larger-than-life over some mountains. Busch Light plans to release more ads that will reveal Busch Guy’s complete “Busch Guide” — lessons that focus on different areas of outdoor preparedness, such as signaling for help, facing a black bear, avoiding poison ivy and more. To celebrate McLachlan’s love for the environment, Busch Light said it will donate $25,000 to One Tree Planted. “Busch Light fans will love our spin on Sarah McLachlan’s iconic commercial, as they always appreciate a bit of humor that ultimately serves a good cause — especially when it comes to great outdoors we both hold dear,” Krystyn Stowe, head of marketing at Busch Family & Natural Family at Anheuser-Busch, said in a statement. Super Bowl LVII is set for Feb. 12.