Disgraced actor Alec Baldwin refuses to accept any culpability for killing cinematographer Halyna Hutchins on the “Rust” film set and will fight his manslaughter charges, his lawyer said Thursday — insisting “we will win.” Baldwin, 64, will be charged with two federal counts of involuntary manslaughter for the October 2021 death of Hutchins, New Mexico District Attorney Mary Carmack-Altwies announced Thursday. The cinematographer and mom was killed when Baldwin shot a prop gun in her direction that was loaded with a real bullet. “This decision distorts Halyna Hutchins’ tragic death and represents a terrible miscarriage of justice,” the “30 Rock” actor’s lawyer Luke Nikas told The Post in a scathing rebuke of local New Mexico authorities. “Mr. Baldwin had no reason to believe there was a live bullet in the gun — or anywhere on the movie set,” his mouthpiece continued. “He relied on the professionals with whom he worked, who assured him the gun did not have live rounds.” “We will fight these charges, and we will win.” The film’s armorer, Hannah Gutierrez-Reed, who will face the same charges as Baldwin, is also denying responsibility. The latest on the film set shooting of Halyna Hutchins “Hannah is, and has always been, very emotional and sad about this tragic accident,” her lawyer Jason Bowles told The Post. “But she did not commit involuntary manslaughter.” Bowles called the charges a “result of a very flawed investigation, and an inaccurate understanding of the full facts.” “We intend to bring the full truth to light and believe Hannah will be exonerated of wrongdoing by a jury,” he said. Assistant director David Halls, who handed Baldwin the loaded gun, accepted a misdemeanor charge in a plea deal for his role in the accident. Long-awaited charges against the three came after a lengthy investigation by the Santa Fe District Attorney’s Office. “If any one of these three people — Alec Baldwin, Hannah Gutierrez-Reed, or David Halls — had done their job, Halyna Hutchins would be alive today. It’s that simple,” Andrea Reeb, the special prosecutor appointed by the DA, said in a statement Thursday. Reeb said the investigation found “a pattern of criminal disregard for safety on the ‘Rust’ film set.” While Baldwin and Gutierrez-Reed were both charged with two counts of manslaughter, the jury will first decide if they are guilty and, if so, which of the two charges they are guilty of. One of the felony charges holds a maximum prison sentence of 18 months, but the other carries a weapons enhancement mandating a five year sentence. Baldwin has repeatedly denied pulling the trigger during the rehearsal of a church scene that turned deadly — but an FBI forensic report released in August said the firearm couldn’t have gone off unless someone released the trigger. Hutchins’ family filed a wrongful death lawsuit against Baldwin last year alleging the actor was responsible for the filmmaker’s death. It was settled for an undisclosed amount in October.