Once, twice, three times, this January, Lionel Richie will perform in Las Vegas. The legendary crooner and Rock and Roll Hall of Famer has concerts lined up at the Wynn Hotel’s Encore Theater on Jan. 14, Jan. 15 and Jan. 18 as part of his extended “Back In Las Vegas” residency. Richie has been excited about the shows for months too. Once the gigs were announced in February, he took to Instagram to share, “I can’t wait to see you there!” Obviously, we have questions about the shows though. Will Richie perform his classic “All Night Long?” What about “Endless Love?” Or maybe a deep cut or two from his time with The Commodores? While we can’t say for certain, we do know the best way to find out is live. And you better hurry because last-minute tickets are still available. Now, here’s everything we know about Richie’s “Back In Las Vegas” residency.  A complete calendar featuring all of Richie’s 2023 Encore Theater in the Wynn Hotel dates, show start times and cheapest tickets available can be found below. (Note: The New York Post confirmed all above prices at the publication time. All prices are subject to fluctuation and include additional fees at checkout.) Vivid Seats is a verified secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand. They offer a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and your tickets will be delivered prior to the event.  When Richie isn’t onstage entertaining audiences in Las Vegas, you may be able to find him alongside Luke Bryan and Katy Perry judging contestants on “American Idol” since Season 16 in 2018. The show will return to ABC and Hulu on Feb. 19, 2023 with longtime host Ryan Seacrest to steer the ship. A stylish, appropriately Las Vegas-themed. 45-second trailer featuring the three hosts (all of whom have 2023 Las Vegas residencies) can be seen below.  Can’t make it to Las Vegas to see Richie in mid-January? You don’t have to sweat it “All Night Long.” That’s because many of the biggest names in R&B are on tour this year. Here are just five of our favorite can’t miss-artists who may be coming to a city near you soon. • Smokey Robinson • The Temptations • Anita Baker • Earth Wind and Fire • Patti LaBelle