Most of what you type, say, search and buy is being tracked in one way or another. Big Tech gives us great free products to use, and the price is our privacy. Even your TV habits are packaged up and sold to advertisers. Here’s how to stop your TV from spying on you. Some snooping is even more invasive. Worried someone is spying on your phone? Check this list of red flags. You can fight back. You can buy a mic blocker for around $10. It slides into your headphone port to stop recording. For an even cheaper DIY option, buy the most inexpensive pair of headphones you can find and snip them off. Here’s how to limit what you’re handing over to Big Tech. Whenever I write that your Echo device is always listening, Amazon assures me it’s only listening for the “wake word.” I don’t see the difference here. Either way, if you have an Echo, there’s not much point in keeping it around if you turn off the microphone. The real issue is Amazon employees listening to your recordings. Here’s how to stop that: You can turn the Echo’s mic off for extra privacy in certain situations. Press the microphone’s off/on button at the top of the device. Whenever this button is red, the mic is off. To reactivate it, press the button again, and it will turn blue. Ugh, come on, Alexa. Get more tech know-how on “The Kim Komando Show,” broadcast on 425-plus radio stations and available as a podcast. Sign up for Kim’s 5-minute free morning roundup for the latest security breaches and tech news. Need help? Drop your question for Kim here. Do you rely on Siri to get things done for you? You might not realize how much is being sent back to Apple’s servers. Since you can’t really pick and choose what is shipped off and stored, your best bet is shutting down Siri if you’re not comfortable with Apple having your recordings. Use an Android? Here’s how to turn off the “OK Google” wake phrase: Your apps might be listening, too. Go here for steps to see which apps and snooping and how to stop them. Are you worried about someone spying on you through your webcam? That’s easy: Grab a cheap cover or put a Post-It over the lens if you don’t use it much. Unfortunately, you do have to root around your computer a bit to turn off mics. For PCs running Windows 10: On a Mac: