The San Francisco 49ers ran away with the NFC West this season, notching a 13-4 record. Yet, they will find themselves facing off against their division rival, the Seattle Seahawks, in an NFC Wild Card game on Saturday, Jan. 14, at Santa Clara’s Levi’s Stadium. Although they finished 9-8, Geno Smith’s Seahawks squeaked their way into the playoffs on the heels of some late-season heroics and now get a chance to upset Brock Purdy’s mighty 49ers. Once you’re in the playoffs, it’s winner-takes-all. That’s why both the 49ers and Seahawks need as much support as they can muster when they face off. And it doesn’t matter if you’re wearing the Seahawks’ navy and neon green or the 49ers’ red and gold; tickets are available for all. At the time of publication, the lowest price we could find on tickets was $114 before fees on Vivid Seats. Lower-level seats start at $221 before fees. All prices are subject to fluctuation.  The 49ers did just about everything right this season on their way to the playoffs. The 49ers flourished all season behind coach Kyle Shanahan’s, running back Christian McCaffrey, wide receiver Deebo Samuel, defensive end Nick Bosa, tight end George Kittle and safety Jimmie Ward. Want a spicier story about the Niners? You can check out the NY Post’s take on the team’s Wives and Girlfriends New Year’s Eve night out here.  Longtime Seahawks coach Pete Carroll helped the team eke out a spot in the 2023 Wild Card game. Standout players that helped the case this season include wide receiver DK Metcalf, running back Kenneth Walker III, cornerback Tariq Woolen, safety Quandre Diggs and cornerback Coby Bryant. While the team had its ups and downs all year long, we recommend checking out the NY Post’s human interest story on how current Seahawks and former Jets quarterback Geno Smith reached out to Jets quarterback Zach Wilson after a tough loss here.  You’ll want to tune your tube to your local Fox station on Saturday, Jan. 14, at 1:30 p.m. PST to see the Niners take on the Seahawks live. For those that prefer streaming, NFL+ is your best bet.  Wherever your team alliances lie — 49ers or Seahawks — there’s one thing we can all agree on: There’s a ton of great music to experience live this year. Here are just five of the biggest tours you won’t want to sleep on this spring and summer. • Bruce Springsteen and the E Street Band • Metallica • Morgan Wallen • Dead and Company with John Mayer • Blink 182