The Jets are ending their unpredictable season the same way they started it: With Joe Flacco as their starting quarterback. Mike White was ruled out for Sunday’s season finale against the Dolphins because of a recurring rib injury, coach Robert Saleh announced on Friday, meaning the soon-to-be 38-year-old Flacco will get the start with Zach Wilson backing him up. White had missed two games after breaking multiple ribs on Dec. 11 but got doctors’ clearance to return last week against the Seahawks and try to keep the Jets’ playoff hopes alive. But White appeared compromised in the loss, especially after taking a sack at the end of the first half that Saleh said reaggravated the injury. “He’s just in a lot of pain,” Saleh said. The Jets only had a walkthrough on Wednesday, which is why White was listed as a full participant, but then he was limited in Thursday’s practice because he still wasn’t feeling right. Instead, Flacco will get his fourth start of the season on Sunday after starting the first three games of the year when Wilson was injured. He will do so behind a beat-up offensive line that will be missing three starters in left tackle Duane Brown (shoulder), right tackle George Fant (knee) and right guard Nate Herbig (calf). Wilson, meanwhile, will serve as the No. 2 rather than getting one last shot under center to cap off a season in which he has struggled when healthy. “It’s more give Joe this opportunity,” Saleh said. “But also with Zach, I’m going to call it a coach’s decision. I’m going to stay firm with him and make sure he gets to attack this offseason. I just want to get him to the offseason so he can start and attack the plan that we’ve been building. Putting him out there right now, it’s not going to do him any good. It’s not going to do anyone any good. For Zach, it’s all about ’23.” The final quarterback twist appears fitting for the Jets given the way things have gone this season, which will end with Wilson starting nine games and White and Flacco four apiece. During the quarterback carousel, the Jets got off to a 7-4 start to put themselves in the playoff hunt before losing five straight games entering Sunday. “It is challenging,” Saleh said. “Some of it is obviously because of injury. But it’s the head of the snake. If you’re not getting consistent play or consistent movement from the head of the snake, it’s not going to be good. We’ve got to be better as coaches. “There’s some circumstances for the quarterback that just made it impossible for them to be consistent and then there’s some things that were self-inflicted. But it’s not in a vacuum. There’s a lot of different things that have contributed to it over the course of the year.  It’s something that we’re gonna get fixed in the offseason. It has to.”