Former child star Dan Benson is opening up about his transition from a G-rated career to an X-rated one. Benson, who played Zeke Beakerman on Disney Channel’s “Wizards of Waverly Place” from 2007 to 2012, explained on TikTok how he got into adult entertainment. “One of the questions I get asked all the time is: ‘What? Huh? What do you mean?’ ” the 35-year-old said in his video posted Saturday. “So anyway, I thought I’d take just a minute to explain how I kind of tripped and fell into doing adult entertainment.” Benson, who operates an OnlyFans account, said that when he was on “Wizards,” he would receive messages from people all the time — particularly from women whom he “found incredibly attractive.” “Turns out, messaging those women — who turned out not to be who they said they were — was not the best idea, because I would send nude photos to them, and they would take those nude photos and then post them onto online websites,” he shared. Benson remembered the “traumatic experience” he had after finding out his nude photos and videos were “all over the web” and subsequently trying to wipe the content off the internet, which turned out to be a not-so-easy task. Benson also recalled the “very big negative impact” it had on his life — including “almost losing” a job later after he had retired from acting. Rather than letting the negativity get to him, Benson decided he might as well go with what life threw at him. “Eventually I decided to stop fighting against it and instead go the other direction and completely lean into it,” he said. “Instead of letting these people sell my privacy, my — you know what I mean — I decided to say, ‘All right, screw you, I’m gonna sell it myself.’ ” He started the “adventure” of adult entertainment last year — and admitted he’s had a great experience. “I’ve been having a tremendous amount of fun,” Benson shared. “I met a lot of great people in the adult entertainment industry, and it’s changed my life for the better. “Sometimes you just have to roll with the punches,” he added. “Don’t do what I do, necessarily, unless you want to.”