SAN FRANCISCO — Putting the ball in Kyrie Irving’s hands more has meant Ben Simmons has it less. Simmons had taken on more playmaking duties after Kevin Durant sprained his right MCL two weeks ago, but the offense had struggled and stagnated. Starting late in the game Thursday at Phoenix, coach Jacque Vaughn started using Simmons more as a screener than point guard. Late against the Suns, and the next night against the Jazz, it appeared the jump-start the offense. “Yeah, it was great,” Vaughn said. “We were able to have a little bit of both, with Ky having the pick-and-roll in his hands, Ben setting sometimes, and Nic [Claxton] being the dunker. And so what that does is hopefully if they do trap Ky, then Ben’s able to [be the] playmaker with two shooters with Nic at the rim. “We’re growing to be able to be in comfortable positions with Ben and Nic. That was part of our shootaround the other day, is getting them being perfect position so that when dudes make plays, we can capitalize.” Much has been made about the Nets’ floor spacing when non-shooters Simmons and Claxton are playing together. That problem that was exacerbated when Durant was injured on Jan. 8. Through 416 minutes in their first 29 games together, Simmons and Claxton were just plus-21. But their plus-19 in 26 minutes alongside each other at Utah on Friday was an auspicious sign. “I think that we’re still trying to figure it out,” Claxton said. “But for us two I think it starts on the defensive side of the ball. It’s our job to anchor the defense, so when we’re doing that and getting out in transition so things aren’t stagnant I think that both of our jobs easier and easier for everybody on the court.” T.J. Warren (right knee contusion) was added to the injury list as probable to face the Warriors on Sunday. Durant and Dru Smith (G-League; two-way) are out. Sunday will mark the first time Seth Curry will face his older brother Stephen Curry since arriving in Brooklyn at the trade deadline last year. Claxton tied Shawn Bradley’s record from 1996 with 11 straight games of three blocks or more. Claxton had four in the win over the Jazz and has the opportunity to break the record on Sunday.