Giants head coach Brian Daboll painted a picture of coaches and general manager Joe Schoen huddled in a room late Friday night deciding which starters will play Sunday and which won’t. While that certainly was true in some of the 22 cases, the big decisions already were made to rest key starters, many of whom had been informed by the middle of the week, a source told The Post. Quarterback Daniel Jones and running back Saquon Barkley are among those not expected to play against the Eagles, and others with season-long heavy workloads — defensive tackle Dexter Lawrence and left tackle Andrew Thomas come to mind — could be held out or pulled early in the game. “Everything is an option,” Daboll said when asked about the sense of risking injury to play one or two series rather than just not playing. Defensive tackle Leonard Williams (neck) and outside linebacker Azeez Ojulari (ankle) will not play after not practicing all week. Center Jon Feliciano (back) was listed as questionable on the final injury report of the week. Cornerback Adoree’ Jackson is one of the few starters who could benefit from playing in a game that will have no impact on the Giants’ playoff positioning. They are locked into the NFC’s No. 6 seed, and will be on the road to face either the Vikings or 49ers next week. But Jackson, who hasn’t played since injuring his knee Nov. 20 on a punt return, was listed as doubtful. Jackson joked with reporters that he wanted his availability to be a game-time decision, like a Christmas surprise. Instead it looks as if Jackson will get no reintroduction to game speed before testing his skills against either the NFL’s leading receiver, Justin Jefferson, or one of the NFL’s most unique weapons, Deebo Samuel, in the playoffs. “He’s getting better,” Daboll said. “We’ll talk to the trainers and the medical staff, and we’ll do what’s right for the player and what’s right for us.” Word that critically injured Bills safety Damar Hamlin had a FaceTime call with his teammates Friday morning reached Daboll just before he fielded questions. Daboll was the Bills’ offensive coordinator last season and knows Hamlin. “It’s probably uplifting for the entire league, hearing what I just heard,” Daboll said. “Just so thankful that he’s trending in the right direction. But it gives you a boost because you’re praying so hard for the young man. To hear about the way he’s improving, it’s just an awesome thing.” Two Giants who are former teammates of Hamlin’s, Nick McCloud and Isaiah Hodgins, later called him from the Giants’ locker room, according to ESPN. The first known reference to the Giants eyeing the Super Bowl happened late in the fourth quarter of their playoff-clinching win last week. All the focus had been on getting back to the playoffs after a five-year absence, but Pro Bowlers Barkley and Lawrence quickly turned the page. “Saquon was like, ‘Getting there don’t mean much,’ ” Lawrence recalled. “My mindset switched to, ‘It’s good to be a part of it, but it’s better to win it all.’ ” Eagles QB Jalen Hurts is questionable, which is a big deal because Philadelphia needs to win to lock up the NFC East, the No. 1 seed in the NFC playoffs and a bye. The Eagles could drop all the way to No. 5 if they lose.