Is this the most awkward public proposal of all time? A TikTok video filmed on New Year’s Eve shows a woman looking mortified as her partner proposes to her in front of a crowd of strangers. The clip — which was captured by an eyewitness and posted Monday — begins with the unidentified woman partying at a rooftop venue in Hawaii before the music stops and her man takes to the microphone. “Omg they stopped the entire NYE party for this guy to propose and the girl was NOT HAVING IT,” eyewitness Cass wrote beneath her clip, which has been viewed more than 4 million times. “WAIT UNTIL THE END,” she added. “That was the most awkward thing I’ve ever witnessed.” In the viral video, the woman can be seen looking embarrassed as she’s called up to the stage by her beau. “I want to say, I’m crazy in love with you,” the man says to his ladylove after she tentatively walks over to him. Clearly oblivious to his humiliated girlfriend’s reaction, the man gets down on one knee before continuing his gushing monologue. “You’re the love of my life, and will you make me the happiest man in the world,” he swoons. “Will you marry me?” The man’s question was followed by a prolonged silence, which prompted him to prod: “It’s a simple yes or no.” “Oh my gosh,” the woman responded with an uncomfortable look on her face. “Yes?” Crowds could be heard cheering as the woman slipped the engagement ring onto her finger, but the new bride-to-be was left less than impressed. She was later caught on camera squabbling with her new fiancé, and appeared to mouth: “Why would you do that?” Viewers immediately chimed in beneath the video with their opinions — including many who also shared their objection to public proposals. “SEE. This is why I told my fiancé how I wanted my proposal to be. Private, in public, or in front of family. These are important questions to ask,” one viewer declared. “How you propose should always be discussed. When you propose should be the surprise,” a second stated. Another chimed in saying they were desperate for more information about the couple. “I want to know the story here. Did he know she wouldn’t like a public proposal? Or did he think this would get her to say yes? So many questions,” they asked. Meanwhile, a separate TikTokker bluntly summed up how many viewers felt after watching the clip, declaring: “Secondhand embarrassment is real.”