Sunny Hostin is telling all about her cosmetic procedures. The 54-year-old co-host of “The View” told People that she underwent a breast reduction in August 2022 to turn her G-cup into a C-cup. She also said she got liposuction on her waist and chin. “I feel like a better version of myself,” Hostin told the mag, adding that she suffered back pain and issues with her body image for years. “It was a health decision and a self-care decision.” Hostin made the life-changing cosmetic appointments after “crying” while getting dressed for the White House Correspondents’ Dinner in May 2022. The daytime host said the bra built into her Toni Maticevski gown did not fit her chest — so she used masking tape to flatten her breasts. “Now I prance around nude all the time at my house — I feel great … I don’t know, you may see me naked on ‘The View,'” she joked. A mother of four, Hostin said her already large breasts got even bigger when she became pregnant and that, when she joined “The View” in 2016, her insecurities only grew. “My waist was small, but my top was so big I would wear a minimizer bra and a sports bra or a binder all the time,” she said. “Or I would get a very large dress, and then my stylist would put clips on the back of my dress so that everything would fit.” Rather than subjecting her appearance to speculation, Hostin said she’s being truthful with fans in an attempt to destigmatize these types of procedures. “I thought I would feel shame, like, ‘Oh my God, I’m doing plastic surgery like all these crazy celebrities.’ But I don’t feel shame at all,” she claimed. “And I hope sharing my story will help more people. If they’re feeling so body-conscious, the way I was — they can do what they need to do to feel better.” And when it comes to other celebrities’ ever-changing looks, Hostin reminded everyday women to not get sucked in by the exercise and diet trends they see in the media. “I look through magazines and Instagram accounts. I always believed, ‘Oh, they must be clean eating.’ No, they’re not — a lot of them are taking something, or they’re getting plastic surgery. It’s their decision to keep it private,” she explained. “But I wanted to be really honest. And I’m so happy.” In November, Hostin was also candid about being rejected as a potential host of “Jeopardy!” because producers deemed her “too controversial” for the family-friendly game show. “It’s not a label that I have put on myself,” she said, “but it’s a label that I have nonetheless.”