The Jets’ league-long drought without a postseason berth was extended to a dozen years with a once-promising 6-3 start spiraling into a 7-10 finish with Sunday’s 11-6 loss to the Dolphins. Still, a local team is headed to the playoffs, the Giants’ laydown to the Eagles without Daniel Jones, Saquon Barkley and several others notwithstanding. The Final 14 teams and their pecking orders — including byes for the top-seeded Chiefs and the Eagles (both 14-3) — were finalized Sunday night when the Packers lost to the Lions to give the Seahawks the seventh seed in the NFC. (And the Texans kicked off Black Monday on Sunday night by firing Lovie Smith after just one season, hours after Smith led them to a win that cost the Texans the No. 1 pick in the draft and handed it to the Bears.) Here’s an early look at the six playoff games slated for next weekend — two on Saturday, three on Sunday and one next Monday night. No. 7 Seahawks (9-8) at No. 2 49ers (13-4)Saturday, 4:30 p.m., Fox Geno Smith, not Aaron Rodgers, grabbed the final wild-card spot in the NFC, which might be one of the most remarkable quarterback-related sentences ever written. The Jets castoff continued his unforeseen career revival this year after replacing Russell Wilson in Seattle, leading Pete Carroll’s team to a 16-13 overtime win over the Rams to finish above .500. The Seahawks still needed help to qualify, and they got it when Dan Campbell’s already-eliminated Lions (also 9-8) played spoiler and knocked out Rodgers and the Packers, their NFC North rivals, 20-16, on Sunday night at Lambeau Field. It’ll be Geno Smith vs. Brock Purdy, the last player taken in the 2022 draft, this weekend. Who saw that coming? No. 5 Chargers (10-7) at No. 4 Jaguars (9-8)Saturday, 8:15 p.m., NBC Jacksonville won its final five games to steal the AFC South and reach the playoffs for the first time since the 2017 season as improving 2021 No.1 overall pick Trevor Lawrence led the way. Justin Herbert fronted the Chargers to the postseason for the first time in his three seasons after throwing for more than 4,700 yards and 25 touchdowns. No. 7 Dolphins (9-8) and No. 2 Bills (13-3)Sunday, 1 p.m., CBS The Bills didn’t play a full schedule due to the Damar Hamlin situation in Week 17 against Cincinnati, so the league has determined Buffalo would play a neutral-site game if they face the top-seeded Chiefs in the AFC championship game. Josh Allen and the Bills, who posted an emotional win Sunday with Hamlin watching from the hospital (for more, see below), have to advance that far first, of course. Their playoff journey begins with a wild-card matchup against the Dolphins, who haven’t disclosed whether they expect quarterback Tua Tagovailoa to be medically cleared from his latest concussion in time for this weekend. No. 6 Giants (9-7-1) at No. 3 Vikings (13-4)Sunday, 4:30 p.m., Fox The Giants are back in the postseason for the first time since first-year coach Ben McAdoo’s team was blown out by the Packers, 38-13, in the wild-card round six years ago on the heels of a lead-up dominated by Odell Beckham Jr. and the receiving corps being photographed at a boat party in Florida. Another first-year coach, Brian Daboll, has led the Giants to a surprising berth, and they will face a Vikings team they played evenly three weeks ago until losing on Greg Joseph’s 61-yard field goal as time expired. Hopefully, most of the talk about wide receivers this week will regard the Giants’ attempt to limit Minnesota stud Justin Jefferson, who led the NFL with 128 catches and 1,809 receiving yards. No. 6 Ravens (10-7) at No. 3 Bengals (12-4)Sunday, 8:15 p.m., NBC Another quarterback who possibly could make an impactful postseason return is former MVP Lamar Jackson, who has not played since suffering a knee injury on Dec. 4. The Ravens lost three of their last four games, including a 27-16 defeat Sunday with Anthony Brown behind center against the Bengals. Joe Burrow will try to lead the Bengals to the Super Bowl for the second consecutive year, and Jackson’s availability would be a major factor. No. 5 Cowboys (12-5) at No. 4 Buccaneers (8-9)Monday, 8:15 p.m., ABC Dak Prescott and the Cowboys posted four more victories than the Bucs did this season, yet their reward as they attempt to reach the Super Bowl for the first time since 1995-96 is a road game against Tom Brady? After everything the seven-time champion went through in 2022 — his brief retirement/comeback and a very public divorce from wife Gisele Bundchen — the 45-year-old NFL legend has the Bucs back in the playoffs as NFC South winners despite a sub-.500 record. Brady amazingly has missed the postseason only once in his career as a starter (2002). Oh, the 23-year veteran broke his own NFL record for completions this season with 490. Players and teams around the NFL did their parts to touchingly honor Bills safety Damar Hamlin, but the most incredible gestures and moments of the day fittingly were provided by his teammates. Nyheim Hines astonishingly ran back the opening kickoff 96 yards up the right sideline for a touchdown on the Bills’ first play since Hamlin had to be resuscitated on the field after going into cardiac arrest following a collision with Cincinnati’s Tee Higgins last Monday night. For good measure, Hines later returned a kickoff 101 yards for another score. Hines’ two touchdowns also came — get this — three years and three months since Buffalo’s previous kickoff return scores. “OMFG!!!!!!!!!!!!!” Hamlin, who wears No. 3, immediately wrote on Twitter following the first touchdown, his first of a series of posts while watching the game from his Cincinnati hospital room. The 24-year-old Hamlin thankfully survived last week’s episode, but the Hines moment immediately reminded many of Dee Gordon blasting a home run against Mets pitcher Bartolo Colon as the leadoff batter for the Marlins in their first game after All-Star pitcher Jose Fernandez died in a boating crash in September 2016. Minutes after the Bills’ win over the Patriots, Hamlin posted links to purchase T-shirts emblazoned with the phrase “Did We Win?” That was his first question to doctors upon waking up late last week, to which he was told he “won the game of life.” The shirts will benefit first responders and the UC Trauma Center, according to Hamlin. “We all won,” Hamlin tweeted, with the emoji of two hands in the shape of a heart. “I want to give back an ounce of the love y’all showed me.” That love was evident across the league Sunday, from players such as Sauce Gardner of the Jets, Tyler Boyd and Cam Taylor-Britt of the Bengals and Ravens safety Geno Stone, who grew up playing youth football with Hamlin in the Pittsburgh area, wearing Bills No. 3 jerseys during pre-game warm-ups. Dozens of others — including T.J. Watt and Tyreek Hill and coaches Brian Daboll, Robert Saleh and Bill Belichick — donned “Love for 3 Damar” T-shirts. Bills receiver John Brown also scored a touchdown and gifted the ball to athletic trainer Denny Kellington, who administered life-saving CPR to Hamlin on the field Monday night. Read more: Nets’ Kevin Durant going for tests on knee injury: ‘Those plays are scary’ HEYMAN: Why Mets remain Carlos Correa’s most likely landing spot White Sox star closer to start cancer treatment The college football season will conclude with a historic result Monday night at SoFi Stadium in Los Angeles. Either Georgia, coached by Kirby Smart, is going to be the first team to repeat as NCAA champions since Alabama went back-to-back in the 2011-12 seasons, or TCU is going to snare the second title in school history and its first since 1938. Senior quarterback Stetson Bennett and the Bulldogs are riding a 16-game winning streak, and they’ve lost only once in their past 31 games — a 41-24 loss to Alabama in last season’s SEC title game before avenging it with a rousing 33-18 win in the national championship game. TCU’s bid for a perfect season ended with an overtime loss to Kansas State in the Big 12 title game, but the Horned Frogs upended Michigan in the national semis with a wild 51-45 victory that included two pick-six scores. TCU has averaged 41 points per game, so Georgia might have to put up a ton of points to cover the 13-point spread. The Knicks have ridden the peaks and valleys of their roller-coaster season over the past five weeks with an eight-game winning streak, a five-game losing skid and their current four straight wins entering what should be a stern test Monday night at the Garden against Giannis Antetokounmpo and the Bucks. The Bucks remain without Khris Middleton due to a knee injury, but they still own the third-best record in the Eastern Conference at 25-14, despite the three-time All-Star missing all but seven games this season. Tom Thibodeau has been comfortable employing a nine-man rotation, so it will be interesting to see what he does when Obi Toppin (leg) and RJ Barrett (finger) rejoin the rotation at some point this week. Barrett, who has been upgraded from out to doubtful for Monday’s game, clearly will send Evan Fournier back to the nightly DNP list, but it also will reduce the playing time for recent starter Immanuel Quickley, who has averaged 19.8 points and 42.1 minutes over his past six games. Also, don’t be surprised if Toppin’s return knocks Isaiah Hartenstein from the rotation instead of second-year big man Jericho Sims for defensive reasons within the second unit.