The first wave of Grammy Awards ceremony performers has been revealed and Bad Bunny, Mary J. Blige, Brandi Carlile, Luke Combs, Steve Lacy, Lizzo, Kim Petras and Sam Smith are set to grace the stage next month. Additional musicians have yet to be announced. The 2023 show will air live on CBS on Feb. 5 at 8 p.m. ET/ 5 p.m. PT from Crypto.com Arena in Los Angeles. The show will be streamed on Paramount+. Trevor Noah is emceeing the evening, and it’s sure to be a night of unforgettable moments, music and stars. The Grammy Premiere Ceremony — an event where the Recording Academy gives out over 70 awards across music genres such as classical to jazz — will occur prior to the main show. The pre-show bash will broadcast live from the Microsoft Theater at 12:30 p.m. PT and will be streamed on Live.Grammy.com. Bad Bunny, 28, received three Grammy nominations this year, including Album of the Year for his record “Un Verano Sin Ti.” Blige, 52, has been nominated for six accolades, such as Record of the Year, Album of the Year and Best R&B Song. Carlile, 41, is also in the running for seven awards for her hits “You and Me on the Rock,” “Broken Horses” and more. Combs, 32, scored nods for Best Country Duo-Group Performance, Best Country Song and Best Country Album for this 65th annual ceremony. Petras, 30, and Smith, 30, are nominated for Best Pop Duo-Group Performance for their single “Unholy.” “About Damn Time” crooner Lizzo, 34, earned five nods while “Bad Habit” singer Lacy, 24, is up for four awards. Beyoncé leads the pack with nine nominations and Kendrick Lamar follows close behind with eight. With seven noms, Adele is tied with Carlile. Noah, 38, touched upon his hosting gig with Billboard in an interview last month. “It is thrilling. For me, it’s a cheat code because I’m a fan of almost all the people who are there,” the former “Daily Show” host said. “I’ve been lucky enough to work in television — when I count South Africa as well — for 18 years,” he went on. “I’ve been lucky enough to host crazy productions where everyone’s running around, and you have to hit your marks and do different things.” The South African-born entertainer also noted how much fun he loves to have during these awards shows. “And most importantly — funny enough — is that I don’t take myself too seriously. I allow myself [to be] comfortable with the idea that everything could go wrong in a moment,” Noah explained.