Queen Consort Camilla will be crowned alongside King Charles at the royal’s coronation ceremony this spring, it was revealed Saturday. The couple will travel to Westminster Abbey in the Gold State Coach together, be crowned together, and will appear on the Buckingham Palace balcony together on May 6, the palace said Saturday. Camilla Parker Bowles will be the first royal Consort crowned in nearly a century since George VI and Queen Elizabeth the Queen Mother took the throne in 1937. Though he was considered a Prince Consort, Phillip followed tradition and was not crowned alongside Queen Elizabeth in 1953 but instead knelt before her. The crowning of Camilla will mark a massive break from tradition for the royal family. Camilla, who was famously initially rejected as the future Queen by Queen Elizabeth, will become the first divorcée crowned as Queen Consort. King Charles’ Coronation will feature a myriad of traditional deviations, the Crown announced. “The Service will reflect the Monarch’s role today and look towards the future, while being rooted in long standing traditions and pageantry,” the Palace said in a statement. The royal is bucking the tradition of wearing silk stockings and breeches — often worn for horse riding — in favor of his military uniform for the big day. The monarch has also announced he will not require the six royal dukes to kneel before him to “pay homage” before touching the crown and kissing the monarch’s right cheek. Instead, only his son Prince William will perform the tradition. There will be no role for Prince Harry in the service if he chooses to join the festivities or in several of the following events, sources said earlier this month. “There are no details yet on who will or won’t be in the procession or on the balcony,” a royal aide told The Sunday Times. Only working members of the royal family joined the late Queen on the balcony for the Platinum Jubilee in June. Harry and his wife Meghan Markle have not confirmed whether they would attend the event, but sources said the king has “no appetite” to meet with his youngest son. Prince Harry’s bombshell memoir, “Spare,” preceded by his Netflix series with his wife, has reportedly caused bad blood among his royal relatives, particularly his brother William. Despite the accelerating fallout, Harry has maintained that he wants to repair his relationship with his family, but they are the ones who have “shown absolutely no willingness to reconcile.”