Lying Long Island Rep. George Santos claimed his sketchy consulting company managed $80 million in assets out of a Florida address that is home to a mail processing center. The congressional con man’s Devolder Organization LLC filed a report with the Sunshine State on Jan. 11 stating that its business address was the same as a “Fast Mail N More” store in a Melbourne strip mall. The mail processing storefront and supposed home to Santos’ murky business empire was surrounded by a Dollar Tree, nail salon and Chinese restaurant. The eyebrow-raising disclosure by the House freshman was first reported by NY1 Wednesday. Devolder Organization was reportedly dissolved administratively last September but reinstated a day after a bombshell Dec. 19 New York Times report revealed that Santos had fabricated nearly his entire background. Santos, 34, is being probed for alleged campaign finance law violations in connection with claims he loaned his 2022 campaign more than $700,000, despite the often broke politician declaring an annual salary of only $55,000 as recently as 2020. The Republican backpedaled on his claims in an amended Tuesday filing with the Federal Election Commission, saying the loan to his war chest wasn’t from his personal funds — without disclosing the money’s origins. Santos had previously claimed to have loaned his campaign cash he paid himself through the Devolder Organization. Financial disclosures claim he made $750,000 in salary from the firm as well as dividends valued between $1 million and $5 million. In a complaint to the FEC earlier this month, the Legal Campaign Center watchdog group said Santos did not report any client payments of more than $5,000 and contended it was “wildly implausible” for Devolder to have generated such a windfall. The group also alleged that Santos’ claims of raking in seven figures from his “supposed” consulting business were “vague, uncorroborated, and non-credible in light of his many previous lies,” and accused the business of being a front for illegal straw donors. The source of Santos’ money — and his apparent fabrication of campaign expenses — is under investigation by federal authorities and the House Ethics Committee. House Speaker Kevin McCarthy (R-Calif.) said Tuesday that his fellow Republican would be booted from Washington if the panel finds he violated the law. Santos — who reportedly has deep ties to the cousin of a sanctioned Russian oligarch — admitted to The Post Dec. 26 that he had lied about working for prominent financial firms and attending Baruch College and New York University. He also had lied about being Jewish, and his revisionist history extended to the appalling false claims that his mom was a victim of the 9/11 attacks and his grandparents had fled the Holocaust. The grifter also routinely used a fake name, had falsely claimed to be a real estate mogul and champion volleyball star and was wanted for felony fraud in Brazil, where evidence shows he used to perform as a drag queen. Santos has resisted calls to resign from both sides of the aisle, but had the tepid support of McCarthy, who has refused to call for the GOP representative to step down. His office did not immediately respond to a request for comment from The Post.