What do rapper Rick Ross, muscle man The Rock and Flex Seal CEO Phil Swift have in common? They’re all in on a low-key South Florida real estate play: Southwest Ranches. Located just 22 miles outside Miami and 15 miles from Fort Lauderdale in Broward County, Southwest Ranches is a low-density, equestrian community that’s far easier on the gas tank than the hour-plus, traffic-heavy trek to Wellington. But you don’t have to be a trick rider to appreciate the wide-open spaces. In August, Bill Weiland, owner of the nation’s largest natural food brokerage, bought a custom estate in Southwest Ranches for $15.4 million, a town record. That same month, a pair of side-by-side mansions at 13000 and 13001 Lewin Lane in the area hit the market asking a combined $54 million. Owned by chiropractor Robert Lewin and his twin brother Harley, the larger mansion has 17,000 square feet and includes seven bedrooms and eight bathrooms, while the smaller home has 14,485 square feet, five bedrooms and six bathrooms. Both are loaded out with perks and amenities and on the market with Coldwell Banker Realty’s Jill Eber, Jon Mann and Jill Hertzberg, along with Kyle Sorel of No Limit Real Estate. “Southwest Ranches is a value proposition for ultra high-net-worth people,” Douglas Elliman’s Miguel Serrano said, noting that despite the area’s rural character, it’s close to three major international airports. “It’s a Hamptons lifestyle in a little-known location, and thanks to strict preservation rules that prevent future overdevelopment, it’s going to stay that way. The town’s motto is ‘The pavement stops here!’ ” Serrano is currently marketing the last available properties at Landmark Ranch Estates, the area’s only private gated community. Developed by Landmark Custom Homes, it consists of 44 estate sites, ranging from 2 to 5 acres, that include architectural plans from designers including Affiniti Architects, Yates Associates Architecture, Maurice Menasche, Danny Sorogon and others. Just five estate properties remain on the market, starting at $7.9 million and rising to … well, the sky’s the limit. “A community like this will never be created again in Southwest Ranches,” says Rick Bell, owner of Landmark Custom Homes, who bought the development’s 150 acres nearly two decades ago, prior to the town’s incorporation (which allowed the now-prohibited gated-style of the community to be grandfathered in). Time to pony up.