For the first time in just over a month, Obi Toppin returned to the court on Monday night. His cameos, though, only lasted as long as Giannis Antetokounmpo was on the bench. Toppin played eight minutes — backing up Julius Randle at the 4 during spurts when Antetokounmpo also got some rest — and chipped in three points and a steal as the Knicks fell to the Bucks, 111-107, at the Garden. “Great to see my man back on the floor,” Immanuel Quickley said. “Glad he’s healthy. Always want to see your teammates but also your friends out there, so it was great to see him on the floor.” Making his return from a non-displaced fracture in his right fibula, Toppin reentered the rotation at the expense of Jericho Sims, who did not see any action. Coach Tom Thibodeau stuck to a nine-man rotation, with Isaiah Hartenstein backing up Mitchell Robinson at center while guards Evan Fournier and Miles McBride also got minutes with the second unit. Overall, it was a rough night for the Knicks’ bench as they got outscored, 35-9, by the Bucks’ reserves. Before Toppin reentered the fold for his first game since Dec. 7, Thibodeau had said he wanted to pick his spots and not disrupt the flow that the Knicks had going as they brought a four-game winning streak into Monday. “We’re always gonna prioritize the team, but Obi can add a lot to our team,” Thibodeau said. “So, whatever opportunities you get, get in there and play well. “I think that if things aren’t going well, you’re more likely to change, but you also don’t want to disrupt the group, not at the expense of one individual. I think you want to incorporate him and get him acclimated again, but not at the expense of the group.” RJ Barrett missed a sixth straight game, but he may not need a seventh before returning. The Knicks wing is “real close,” Thibodeau said before the game, meaning that Barrett’s first game back from a lacerated finger could come Wednesday against the Pacers at the Garden. “He’s doing well, so we’ll see where he is [Tuesday],” Thibodeau said. Barrett received six stitches on Dec. 27 in Dallas when his right index finger popped out and caused the laceration. But he has made important strides in recent days, including participating in most of Sunday’s practice. Quickley has been in the starting lineup in place of Barrett during this stretch, making his impact felt on both sides of the ball. Bucks star Khris Middleton missed his 11th straight game with right knee soreness. Coach Mike Budenholzer said he did not have an update on when Middleton might return.