When was the last time you checked your computer’s available storage? Too much clutter slows everything down. Here’s a quick tip to find out how much storage is on your PC. Next time you install a new program, don’t fall for some developers’ tricks to sneak in software you don’t want or need. Whether your computer is brand new or years old, these tips can help you clean things up and stay safer. Read on to see if you’re making these mistakes. Most apps don’t need to start up every time you boot your PC. All this does is slow you down. You can disable startup apps through your Settings in Windows 10 and 11. Here’s how: It’s not just programs you want that can slow you down. Most computers include pre-installed — and unnecessary — apps and programs known as bloatware. Scan through your app list to identify any you never use, and follow these steps to delete them. Here’s how to remove apps you don’t use from Windows 10: Get more tech know-how on “The Kim Komando Show,” broadcast on 425-plus radio stations and available as a podcast. Sign up for Kim’s 5-minute free morning roundup for the latest security breaches and tech news. Need help? Drop your question for Kim here. Here’s how to remove apps from Windows 11: Accessibility settings can make your gadgets easier to use. On a Windows PC, you can also find many useful features. There’s the magnifier tool and text size, of course. You’ll also find options for keyboard shortcuts, color contrast, voice typing, eye control, caption settings, narration, voice recognition, focus, and more. Windows 10 and 11 have many accessibility features to make them easier to use. Yes, it’s annoying that your computer always wants to update when you’re in the middle of something. But trust me when I say it’s worth it. Microsoft releases regular updates to add new functions or patch vulnerabilities that expose you to hackers and malware. Automatic updates are turned on by default, but you can manually check for updates at any time by going to Start > Settings > Windows Update, then selecting Check for updates. App publishers also update their apps to add new features and fix problems. The Microsoft Store can automatically install these updates. Turn on automatic app updates: No matter what a computer is used for, it’s always vulnerable to attack. Sure, you can find “free” antivirus software online or in the various app stores, but can you really trust it? Remember, when something is free, you are the product. At best, these free solutions don’t work very well. At worst, they’re the malicious software you need to worry about.