At least one person hasn’t seen Pam and Tommy’s infamous sex tape. Pamela Anderson, 55, has revealed that she never had the chance to watch the stolen VHS with her ex-husband and Motley Crüe drummer Tommy Lee, 60. The former “Baywatch” star was asked what she wants people to understand about the sex tape, in a preview clip for a new interview with “CBS Sunday Morning.” “That it was stolen property, that it was two crazy naked people in love,” said the former Playboy bunny. “I mean, we were naked all the time and filming each other and being silly, but those tapes were not meant for anybody else to see.” “I’ve not seen it to this day,” Anderson continued. “It was very hurtful.” The notorious sex tape has come back into the spotlight following the release of Hulu’s “Pam & Tommy,” which was nominated in several categories for the Golden Globes. The miniseries, starring Lily James and Sebastian Stan, revolves around the leaking of the home movie, shot by Lee on his honeymoon with Anderson between 1995 and ’96. The “Baywatch” star also reportedly refuses to watch “Pam & Tommy,” a source told Entertainment Weekly in early 2022. But Anderson is slated to retell the story on her own terms in a forthcoming documentary on Netflix. “Pamela Anderson is ready to tell her story in a new documentary,” the official Netflix Twitter account announced back in March, with the special set to hit the streamer early next year. “My life,” a note in the announcement read. “A thousand imperfections, a million misperceptions … I can only surprise you — not a victim, but a survivor and alive to tell the real story.” In a trailer for the documentary, she said that reliving the year 1996 — the year her sex tape with Lee was leaked — has made her feel “sick.” “I blocked that stolen tape out of my life in order to survive, and now that it’s all coming up again, I feel sick,” she says in the two-minute-long trailer for “Pamela: A Love Story,” which drops Jan. 31. With both her Netflix documentary and the release of her upcoming memoir, “Love, Pamela,” she hopes to “take control of the narrative for the first time.” Today, Anderson has said she’s in a “really good place.” “I feel like I’ve left here, did something crazy and came back in one piece,” she told CBS. “Like I said, I don’t know what I’m capable of. I still don’t know, but I think that was the beginning … all the rest of it, it’s, you know, behind me. I feel like I’m in a really good place.” The full interview with “CBS Sunday Morning” airs this Sunday at 9 a.m. ET on CBS and will also stream on Paramount+.