The PGA Tour will stick around in Hawaii for one more week. The Sony Open, which takes place at Waialae Country Club in Honolulu, is the first full-field event of the 2023 season. Compared to last week’s Sentry Tournament of Champions, the field at Waialae is lacking in terms of star power, and that is giving the oddsboard a bit of a different look this week. Breakout star Tom Kim is the tournament favorite at +1100, and he’s joined by Sungjae Im (+1400), Jordan Spieth (+1500), Hideki Matsuyama (+1600), and Brian Harman (+1800) at the top of the board. Yes, you read that right — Brian Harman is the fifth-favorite of a full-field PGA Tour event. Ohio sports betting is live – Check out the best Ohio betting sites & apps There are a couple of things to keep in mind for this event. For one, six of the last eight winners at the Sony posted -20 or better, so expect another birdie-fest this week. And perhaps the most notable trend at Waialae is that eight of the last nine winners here also played the previous week at the TOC. Here are a few players that could pay off at big numbers this week: After a resurgent 2022, Keegan Bradley didn’t get off the blocks too hot at the Sentry Tournament of Champions. The St. John’s alum finished 34th out of 38 players at -9, but that isn’t all that concerning, considering it was the first event he played since October. Just having four rounds under his belt should give him an edge over the majority of this field, which is very beatable. Bradley earned a win, a runner-up, and five top-10 finishes in 2022, so he’s more than capable to take down this tournament. Waialae is not a challenging course and doesn’t require players to hit the ball a mile. That’s good news for JT Poston, who does his best work on courses that reward players with strong short games and the ability to get hot with the putter. Poston finished T16 at 16-under par at Kapalua, so he should have some decent momentum heading into Honolulu. Similar to Poston, Mackenzie Hughes is a player that you want to back at courses that reward short-game superstars. Hughes will rarely contend at courses that demand you to drive the ball a mile, but he’s always live at tournaments that turn into putting contests. It’s been a while since Chez Reavie’s name popped on the PGA Tour, but there’s something about this course that suits the Arizona native’s eye. Reavie finished third here in 2019 and eighth in 2017. A short, accurate hitter with a few PGA Tour wins under his belt, Reavie ticks the boxes you want for a long shot this week.