Ugh, not another basic shearling boot?! Not here! Instead, while the weather is still cold and slick with snow and ice (or just rain for us in New York City) we want to stock up on boots, shoes and slippers from the experts in all of the above — UGG. We know (and are obsessed with) the classics, like the beloved Classic Tall II Boot and their viral counterpart, the Classic Ultra Mini and the Classic Ultra Mini Platform boots. However, there is a whole world of UGG shoes to explore before the season is over that you need ASAP in your winter wardrobe. We chatted with none other than UGG themselves for the full 2023 trend report, rounding up the best shoes, boots and slippers you need — who knows, you may be the first to get in on upcoming viral moments to come! Lindsey Dicola, senior director of global brand communications, lays out the must have styles that have flown under the radar for far too long, plus highlights other hidden gems like UGG clothes and more. “Originally known for the iconic Classic boot and now an expansive assortment of footwear and apparel, UGG is really an emotional brand because of how good it makes you feel –inside and out,” Dicola said. “We always hear people’s personal stories about their first experience with UGG and what the brand means to them today– it’s really special that UGG has that connection with consumers all over the world.” Our personal story is that we’ve seen UGGs as a constant footwear trend since the beginning, with a few pairs in our own closet’s, too. Add some to yours, using the expert recommendations below, plus where to find classic styles that may be sold out elsewhere. No, these aren’t the platforms that are sold out everywhere… these could be even cuter! This style includes a fun stripe of braided detail, and comes in chestnut, black and burnt olive on-site now. “We recently introduced a new platform style — the Classic Ultra Mini Braid Platform boot which incorporates our signature UGG braid pattern and oversized stitch detail,” said Dicola. “I am particularly fond of the new Adiroam winter boot. It’s a new fashion-focused spin on our Adirondack all-weather boot, but modernized with an exaggerated, maximalist outsole,” said Dicola. “With snowfall just around the corner in New York City, it’s waterproof and cold-weather-rated to withstand temperatures as low as -32˚C. Also lined with cloud-like sheepskin for signature softness, this winter warrior is must have.” Hike over to the UGG site now and find the boots sold in black and chestnut, while sizes and supplies last. Treat your feet to some sugar, and also make the planet a sweeter place with these plant-based UGG slippers. They are now on site in natural (pictured above) and black. “I love the Fuzz Sugar Slide, which is a responsible choice, made with plant-based materials,” Dicola said. “This indoor-outdoor slipper style adapts the iconic look and feel of UGG with a soft plush upper made with TENCEL Lyocell sourced from responsibly harvested trees.” Ready to let the dogs out? Now you are, when you have these sandals around. This model currently comes in chestnut, burnt olive and black. “New this year, the Goldenstar Heritage Braid adapts all you know and love from our Classic Boots, including velvety suede and the recognizable chestnut colorway, with the heritage UGG braid seen across many styles. I’m looking forward to spring when I can break these out,” said Dicola. Did you really thing UGG was only for your feet? Not anymore, with designer Feng Chen Wang and this amazing coat. The sleeves, aside from being stunning, are also removable, turning the coat into a vest and one piece into two looks. “Our apparel collection is not as well known as our UGG footwear, yet, but just as essential. This month we released a collaboration with esteemed designer Feng Chen Wang which includes some amazing apparel pieces, including the UGG x Feng Chen Wang Short Jacket. I love the use of mixed materials and removable sleeves so it can be worn as a vest or jacket.” These boots are some of the hardest to come by right now, so if out of stock, be sure to bookmark this page for later and check back often, at the retailers below as well as on UGG’s site. The mid-level UGGs are a lot easier to find, and thank goodness because they are a staple for every outfit come wintertime. The boots can be found at a number of retailers, with a whole range of colors from black and chestnut to horizon pink and tomatillo. This list wouldn’t be complete without the tall boots that started my own obsession with UGG and most likely yours, too. The Tall II is a great winter boot, protecting your ankles and calves from the snow and rain. They currently come in a range of their classic colors like grey, chestnut, black and more. Full disclosure, I bought these slippers with my own money in a shocking chartreuse color and I wear them every day. The Fluff Yeah slippers come in far more colors, and less neon, each with a stretchy sling back strap that keeps the shoe firmly on the feet. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.