A Connecticut state lawmaker was killed on the road early Thursday morning after a wrong-way driver slammed into him and his vehicle erupted into flames, authorities said. State Rep. Quentin Williams was fatally struck on his trip home from the governor’s inauguration ball — and just hours after being sworn in for his third term in office. “We were about as close as any two people could come, and I can just say that I’ve rarely gotten calls … I don’t think I’ve ever gotten a call as devastating as the call that I got at 6:06 this morning,” State Sen. Matt Lesser said, according to WTNH. The tragic crash happened around 12:30 a.m. as the 39-year-old Democrat was traveling southbound on Route 9 in Cromwell en route to Middletown, the area he represented in the state House of Representatives. His car became engulfed in flames following the head-on impact, officials said. The accident occurred about 15 miles from Hartford, where the governor’s inaugural ball took place. The wrong-way driver, 27-year-old Kimede Mustafaj, also died. It’s unknown if alcohol or drugs were involved. Gov. Ned Lamont ordered flags in the state in to be flown at half-staff in light of the stunning tragedy. “This is devastating news, and I am incredibly saddened by this tragedy,” the governor said in a statement. “Quentin had an infectiously optimistic personality, and he absolutely loved having the opportunity to represent his lifelong home of Middletown at the State Capitol. Public service was his passion, and he was always advocating on behalf of the people of his hometown.” Williams, who graduated from Middletown schools, was the new co-chair of the General Assembly’s Labor and Public Employees Committee. That committee was set to meet for the first time Thursday, but instead all legislative activity was postponed until Monday. The state Capitol and Legislative Office Building were both closed until next week. Williams, also known as Q and a rising star in Connecticut politics, leaves behind his wife and mother. He grew up in public housing and went on to become the first African American to represent Middletown in the General Assembly, according to his biography on his legislative website. “Representative Williams truly embodied the phrase larger than life,” Middletown Mayor Ben Florsheim said in a statement. “His laugh, smile, and presence were felt in every space shared with him. “His passing is a true loss for our community. A light has been dimmed today.” Lesser, the state senator, said his slain colleague talked about running for statewide office one day, or even for Congress. “These are all things that he would think about,” he said. “We’ll never know. He had big dreams and hopes … I think he had a damn good chance of realizing.” With Post wires