Urine for a slap on the wrist. A crazed one-legged crook pummeled convenience store workers and cops in the face with a metal padlock before trying to pee on officers on an Upper East Side sidewalk — and was set free without bail by a judge the next day, authorities said Friday. Eutano Bernard, 41, pulled out his privates and urinated into the air as cops wrestled him to the ground near the CVS on Lexington Avenue near East 87th Street, where he’d allegedly just attacked two workers and stollen four locks and six Red Bull drinks at around 12:50 p.m Wednesday. The pissy perp allegedly whacked the workers in the face with the lock as they tried to stop him from leaving the store without paying for $65 in merchandise, prompting them to flag down two officers for help, according to a criminal complaint. Bernard — who was freed without bail just last fall for another alleged assault — hit both of the cops with the same lock in the faces before they tackled and restrained him on a sidewalk near the shop, police said. “Oh no!” an onlooker who taped the incident can be heard screaming as the piddler pulls down his pants, exposing himself. “That’s f—ing disgusting.” Bernard was hit with a laundry list of charges, including robbery, two counts of aggravated assault on a police officer, assault, resisting arrest, criminal possession of a weapon and menacing a police officer, authorities said. Prosecutors requested that his bail be set at $20,000 at an arraignment hearing Thursday but he was instead granted supervised release, allowing him to walk free. Bernard has a wrap sheet that includes an alleged assault on a 70 year-old man on the Upper East Side on Nov. 27 — for which he was released on his own recognisance. In that case, he’s accused of hitting the elderly man with an umbrella as he entered an elevator at the Lexington Avenue and 86th Street subway station, causing him pain and swelling. He was also charged with robbery in Manhattan in 2018, according to the sources. After the wet-and-wild incident Wednesday, Barnard was taken to Metropolitan Hospital for a medical evaluation. The two store employees refused medical attention at the scene. The officers were taken to Weill Cornell Medical Center in stable condition with minor injuries, cops said. The metal lock, as well as all the stolen items, were recovered at the scene.