Five generations are now working side by side in today’s job market, and one of the most positive outcomes is that the rules of the mentorship road have been changing in the most productive ways. Once just the domain of older workers coaching newbies, now employees who have their fingers on the social media pulse have become important to their older co-workers. “Those who have just joined the workforce have a lot to offer those of us who are seasoned,” says Jacqueline Opal, chief people officer at STV, an architectural engineering company in New York City. “They can help us with everything from how to best manage the younger generation to explaining the importance of Instagram and TikTok marketing.” Here are some other trends that are reshaping the mentor-mentee relationship. While mentoring used to be a one-on-one proposition, it has also become a community-based endeavor, said Ken Babcock, CEO and founder of Tango, a browser and app that helps teams share and scale their knowledge. “These communities are centered around certain functions at a company, whether that’s marketing, sales, product development or engineering,” he said. Neither are you limited to the company you work for. “People are banding together and saying ‘I’m in marketing. I don’t necessarily think of this as competition. I just want to be around like-minded people who are in the same jobs.’ ” While a typical mentor used to be way older than you and possibly even boss-like, friendtorships are a different proposition altogether, and that’s why this relationship is appealing, says Danielle Farage, director of growth and marketing at Café software and a Gen Z top voice on the future of work. “The best mentorships should turn into friendships because the best friendships have an element of mentorship,” she said, adding that mentors and mentees can — and should — learn from each other. “A year ago, I was speaking to one of my mentees, and she taught me about a new in-house position I wasn’t familiar with, and I taught her how to communicate with her boss. When she thanked me, I said, ‘You’re my friend, not just my mentee.’ It was so organic and fitting to exactly the role she played in my life.” During the pandemic lockdowns, connecting with a mentor during those all-important “nature walks” became a trend that will remain in the years to come, said Kat Sabatini, a career coach, and founder of Tuesday Resume, a career services company. “As we emerge from the pandemic and hybrid work remains the norm, these long-distance mentoring connections are going to remain super important,” she said. “I urge mentors and mentees to book regular outdoor walks where they can connect in a relaxed atmosphere. After all, fresh air and exercise are long proven to increase brain function, so stepping outside to speak to a mentor can be very beneficial.” Once upon a time, companies tended to rely on shadowing, a process of on-boarding and training where a new hire would be paired with a veteran employee in the same department. While that’s still in place at some companies, new mentoring possibilities cross departments and functions. “Perceived expertise has changed,” Babcock says. “You can learn just as much from someone who is performing well in another department.” With all the pressures on today’s workforce, it has never been more important to be respectful of a potential mentor. This means researching them ahead of time via LinkedIn or their personal website and being clear about what you hope to learn from them. “Since the pandemic, people have become more protective of their time,” Babcock said. “More boundaries have been set up, so that’s a big part of how mentorship relationships have changed. It’s important to be conscious of what you’re asking for from a potential advisor, especially if you hope they will support you throughout your career.”