Patrick Mahomes is already heading into his third Super Bowl in the last four years. And if that isn’t any indication of what a winner is, then look no further than the real estate portfolio he has amassed in a span of a few years. Currently worth a combined $8 million, the 27-year-old Kansas City Chiefs quarterback has purchased four different properties. Two are homes in Missouri, one a vacant plot in the state, and another — probably considered his most valuable — is a mansion in Texas. But there is no denying that this is just the start of his real estate investments if he keeps up this pace. And he has plenty of funds to do it. Mahomes signed a 10-year, $503 million contract with the Chiefs in August 2020. In December 2017, Mahomes purchased his first home — a two-bedroom, three-bathroom condo in Kansas City, for which he paid $125,000 less than the initial asking price. Originally listed for $475,000, Mahomes was able to buy the 1,800-square-foot pad for $350,000. It is estimated to be worth about half a million today. Mahomes briefly listed the property for sale in 2019, but later removed it. Pegged as the “nicest condo in the building for the best price,” it’s the only unit to have a top roof deck and a two-car garage. Features include granite countertops in the kitchen, California closets in the bedrooms, and woodburning fireplaces in the living room and primary bedroom. The main living space also boasts high ceilings and a wet bar. Jodi Steinberg with ReeceNichols Real Estate held the listing. In January 2019, Mahomes shelled out $1.8 million for a three-bedroom, four-bathroom mansion in Kansas City. Spanning over 4,300 square feet, the property is situated on 1.4 acres of land. Described as a “contemporary ranch,” features of the home include tall ceilings, a chef’s kitchen that opens out to the family room, and an office and exercise room. The primary bedroom occupies 1,250 square feet alone. Outdoor features include a pool, a hot tub, a rose garden and a screened porch. Built in 1953, this house has had about a half million dollars in updates, according to property records. The home is worth an estimated $2.23 million today. Tom Suther and Kevin D. Bryant with Compass held the listing. In September 2020, Mahomes, through a private LLC, purchased a plot of vacant land made up of 8 acres in Belton — about half and hour from Kansas City. While the final sale price of what he paid remains a mystery, the property was last listed for $400,000. Although, based on Mahomes’ pattern of striking a good deal, it’s likely he paid less than the asking. A year later, in 2021, Mahomes built a new home on the grounds. In 2022, he added a pool, property records show. The estate is worth more than $1 million today. Ashlea Black and Dale Brouk of Loch Lloyd Residential Real Estate held the listing. Mahomes scored a big deal with a four-bedroom, seven-bathroom mansion in Texas, which he purchased from the estate of the late Andrew Gissinger III — a former professional football player for the San Diego Chargers, and who became the president and Chief Operating Officer of Countrywide Home Loans. Gissinger also managed a private equity company. It was initially listed for $4.26 million, but Mahomes was able to pay $3.37 million for it in March 2020 — $890,000 less than the ask. Mahomes lives in this home during the off-season. The quarterback, who led his team to five consecutive AFC Championship Games, was born and raised in Texas, and played football and baseball at Texas Tech University. Located in the upscale community of Westlake, the home was newly built in 2014. With unlimited views of the Vaquero golf course, the home has been described as an “entertainer’s dream.” Features include a two-story entrance, a floating staircase and a wine room. The private study comes with a spiral staircase that leads to the private loft. Meanwhile, the primary suite features panoramic views and boasts a spa bath with an infinity edge tub, a walk-through shower and a dressing area. The kitchen has two large islands with marble counters and breakfast seating for 12 people. Spanning over 7,800 square feet, the family room comes with a gas fireplace and leads outside through patio doors. Other features include a game room, a wet bar, an expansive balcony — and an outdoor grill, a pool, a spa and a fire pit, the previous listing notes. It is estimated to be worth around $5.5 million today. Kelly Marcontell and Susan Gilchrest with Ebby Halliday Realtors held the listing. The Post has reached out to reps for Mahomes for comment. Away from the field, Mahomes married his high school sweetheart on March 12, 2022. The couple share two children, a girl, aged 1, and boy, born in November.