The Issue: Mayor Adams’ requests for help on the 40,000 migrants who have come to New York City. The bottom line is simply this: Mayor Adams gleefully declared New York City “a sanctuary city,” inviting migrants to come, and so they did — in droves (“Adams’ Border Truths,” Editorial, Jan 17). What, exactly, was he expecting? Now, the city is facing the consequences of the mayor’s invitation. His going to El Paso and calling the migrant flood at our southern border “a disaster” is ineffective and completely useless at this point. David Shapiro Manhattan I totally agree with your Jan. 13 editorial, “Hochul’s Silence on Migrants.” How could the governor not mention the 40,000 migrants who just came to the Big Apple? Adams has said the migrant inflow could cost $2 billion. This can’t continue without bankrupting New York City. I can understand why the mayor went to El Paso. I just wish he’d taken our governor with him. The feds have only helped with an $8 million allocation to the city. Where’s our governor when we need her? I’m all for helping asylum seekers, but we can’t have illegal immigrants. And MS-13 and other gangs plague Long Island, as you pointed out in your editorial. I became a naturalized citizen in 1969. I did it the legal way, and so should all the asylum seekers who just entered Gotham. Thomas Patrick Folan Miller Place President Biden opened our borders to all migrants, and Mayor Adams proudly announced that New York was a sanctuary city and all were welcome. Well, the migrants took him up on his offer and now New York is flooded with 40,000 illegal immigrants who have knocked that silly grin off his face. Adams is running out of money and is squealing like a pig, but Biden seems to be ignoring him. So is Hochul, who was stupidly endorsed by Adams. He high-tailed it out of New York and headed down to the border to see the free-for-all for himself. Maybe he will realize that his invitation was worse than opening a can of worms. Nicholas Maffei Brooklyn Cities like Chicago, New York and San Francisco declare themselves to be sanctuary cities, giving refuge to illegal immigrants seeking asylum while jeopardizing our national security. Trouble is, they can’t afford to be sanctuary cities. You either are a sanctuary city that can afford to warehouse illegal immigrants, or you cannot be a sanctuary city because you can’t afford to do so. Now these cities are asking the federal government to bail them out, making our country a de facto sanctuary country, when we are not. The government needs to act like it is $32 trillion in debt. David DiBello Brooklyn The Issue: The Giants’ win against the Vikings and upcoming game against the Eagles on Saturday. As a lifelong New York Giant’s fan, I am ecstatic about their victory over the Minnesota Vikings (“See blue in Philly!” Sports, Jan. 16). The Giants have to go through the Philadelphia Eagles, no small matter, and possibly the 49ers and the Dallas Cowboys. Nobody thinks they can do it, but they said that about Eli Manning against the Patriots’ Tom Brady two times. So let’s go, Giants! Charlie Honadel Venice, Fla. Congrats to the New York Giants on their huge playoff upset against the Vikings. Daniel Jones, possibly the most criticized draft pick in team history, displayed tremendous athleticism. Then there’s Saquon Barkley, who experienced severe injury setbacks upon his arrival. He looks heathier than ever. Great matchup ahead in Philly. Matt Engel Wilkes-Barre, Pa. Want to weigh in on today’s stories? Send your thoughts (along with your full name and city of residence) to letters@nypost.com. Letters are subject to editing for clarity, length, accuracy and style.