An inside look at Sunday’s Giants-Eagles Week 18 matchup in Philadelphia. Eagles RB Miles Sanders vs. Giants MLB Jaylon Smith This will not be a one-on-one confrontation, of course, but these are the featured players in the ground-game battle with the Eagles on offense. Sanders ripped through the Giants four weeks ago for 144 rushing yards and two touchdowns on just 17 attempts, averaging a hefty 8.5 yards per carry. Sanders was Saquon Barkley’s backup for two years at Penn State, and Sanders is not far behind Barkley this season. Sanders is fifth in the NFL with 1,236 yards; Barkley is fourth with 1,312. Smith has at least stabilized the position, but the Giants’ run defense has not been reliable. Smith needs help up front from whoever lines up on the defensive line. The Eagles were 13-1 before Jalen Hurts got hurt, and they outclassed the Giants on Dec. 11. There will be backups on the field for the visiting team, so expect plenty of exploits from the home team. Better safe than sorry for the playoff-bound Giants. Eagles 31, Giants 13 Missing Linc: The Giants will walk in lugging an eight-game losing streak at the Linc, their least-favorite building in the league. They have not won in Philadelphia since the 2013 season. The thought of easing off the pedal against a division opponent — a rival that has dominated the series in recent years — is not appealing to anyone associated with or rooting for the Giants. That is why the Week 18 scenario is more than a bit uncomfortable for head coach Brian Daboll and the franchise. The Eagles are 15-4 against the Giants in the past 19 games. Unfamiliar faces: Get ready to watch several players who before this received little or no action. Inside linebacker Jarrad Davis was signed Dec 28 off the Lions’ practice squad and was not active for the game last week. The 2017 first-round pick of the Lions figures to make his Giants debut in this game. Can he do enough to get himself some playing time in the upcoming playoff game? Expect to see a whole bunch of Justin Ellis and Henry Mondeaux on the defensive line, Rodarius Williams and Cor’Dale Flott at cornerback, and a healthy dose of backup offensive linemen Matt Peart, Tyre Phillips and Jack Anderson. “You only have so many players on your roster, so whoever’s playing out there, it’ll be a good opportunity for them,’’ Daboll said, “whether that’s guys that have played a lot, or guys that haven’t.’’ Cash out: The goal here is not to be mean or snarky or to kick someone when he is down, but there is no way around it: This is a bit amusing. Kenny Golladay can cash in on a $750,000 incentive bonus if he gets 10 touchdowns in this game. Or if he gets 76 receptions. Or if he finds his way to 1,149 receiving yards. Golladay has big-money incentives in his four-year, $72 million contract if this season he hit 80 receptions, 1,200 receiving yards or 10 TDs. Through 16 games, he has four catches for 51 yards and has not set foot in the end zone. This will be his final game for the Giants. It is remarkable the Giants have made the playoffs with no or little contribution from Golladay, Kadarius Toney (traded), Sterling Shepard (injured) and rookie Wan’Dale Robinson (injured). Just for kicks: No matter how many reserves Daboll decides to use, there will be no replacing Graham Gano. He is finishing up his third year with the Giants, another sensational season. He is 28-for-31 on his field goal attempts, and his misses have come from 47 yards (the kick was blocked), 37 yards and 58 yards. He is 8-for-9 on kicks of 50 or more yards. Daboll knows in a close game the Giants usually have the edge with their placekicker. “That’s huge for us,’’ special teams coordinator Thomas McGaughey said. “He’s a weapon. You get a chance to know that at any point in time, once you cross the 50 and you get into that area where he feels comfortable, that’s huge.’’