Oh baby! A Canadian startup has developed a pricey self-driving, “hands free” baby stroller which uses artificial intelligence for navigational guidance. The $3,330 Ella smart stroller will be unveiled  at the annual CES tech exhibition in Las Vegas later this week. Glüxkind, the Canadian startup behind the posh pushie, expects to have it to customers later in the year Loaded with motors, sensors and AI software, the nearly 30-pound stroller can drive itself when not occupied. Parents can take their baby out to walk around the park and the stroller will automatically wheel by their side. It stops when obstacles are encountered or if it strays too far and has a max speed of 4 mph. When a child is seated in the stroller, it won’t go into self-driving mode. Sensors will only allow it to move if a person grips the handles. Other safety features include an automatic parking brake and several cameras that keep a lookout for moving objects. Lights flash when there is risk of a collision — similar to blind spot detection in newer cars. Ella also aims to make life easier. It can be paired with a smartphone and tracked if it gets lost. When a parent is pushing the buggy uphill, an electric motor can kick in to help with the effort, similar to how an e-bike works. It even has a “rock-a-bye-baby” mode and built-in white noise machine to lull pampered tots to sleep. There’s also cargo space for six shopping bags. “We’ve put a lot of hard work into this product and are excited to get it into more customers’ hands in 2023,”  Anne Hunger, the chief product officer of Glüxkind told the Guardian. Not everyone is eager to get behind the wheels, though. Jenny Reimold, 45 and an interior designer who also reviews strollers, likes some of the features — notably the white noise machine and motorized assistance for going up hills. But the Tampa Bay-based mother of seven questioned the need for a stroller to drive itself while you hold your baby — and the price tag. “I can’t see spending that much on the Tesla of strollers,” she said. “I’d rather go on a Caribbean vacation.” 