She hired them to flash-dance on her grave. A deceased UK woman put the fun in funeral after hiring a flash mob to dance to Queen’s “Another One Bites the Dust” at her own wake. A video of her post-humorous performance is currently blowing up as friends and admirers celebrate her macabre sense of humor. “She wanted everyone to remember her funeral but not for a sad reason,” friend Sam Ryalls, 43, who helped arrange the gallows gag, told the BBC. “Everyone is sad and grieving because she is not here anymore but that doesn’t mean her final day had to be that way.” The deceased Sandie Wood, 65, had reportedly passed away from tongue cancer on September 19, 2021, South West News Service also reported. The bodybuilder and barmaid had been one of the victims of the infected blood scandal of the 1970s and 80s, in which thousands of people were administered blood tainted with hepatitis C in 1977. Despite her tragic death, the Brit wanted to go out with a bang. In accordance, with the help of Ryalls, Wood enlisted the Bristol-based dance group the Flaming Feathers to flash mob her own funeral on Nov. 4 of last year. “Her best friend Sam booked us, but this was about six months before she passed — so Sandie basically planned her own funeral,” said Claire Phipps, 36, manager of the 10-person groove troupe. “It was definitely not your normal gig.” In fact, the job was so bizarre that ten other groups had passed on it before the Flaming Feathers agreed to shake it during her sendoff. The unorthodox video starts typically enough with the the Flaming Feathers sitting among the somber crowd while masquerading as mourners. All of a sudden, the Queen classic starts blaring, cuing the cabaret performers to whip off their funeral attire and sashay their way to the front of the room. When they reach the lectern, the dancers start clapping and breaking it down in tandem as the crowd looks on in shock. Phipps said the attendees were initially appalled at the display, with one man “refusing to look” at the jarring gyrations. However, they eventually came around while some of the mourners even joined the dance. “It was very odd to first pretend to be there for the funeral, and then to see family and friends crying and upset” the boogie boss described. “To then have to get up and rock out to Queen felt very weird — but it did go really well.” Phipps added, “We got some very funny and mixed reactions at first, but we got the crowd going, they were all clapping to the music, and they were all really thankful and enjoyed it after.” If that wasn’t crazy enough, the locomotive mourners reportedly concluded the showcase by doing a conga line while departing the crematorium, per Wood’s request. That was just one of several stunts at the bizarre farewell, which included a horse-drawn hearse and a specially crafted coffin lined with her favorite sparkly shoes, according to the Daily Mail. The box was emblazoned with the words “going out in style.” “When her coffin came in too, she was intentionally late because in life she was always late — so she wanted to be late for her funeral too,” said Phipps. Naturally, throwing a funeral flash mob might seem akin to dancing on someone’s grave. However, the dance master said that overall it “was a really positive experience” that suited Wood’s “rebel” personality well. Ryalls agreed that it was the perfect sendoff for her bestie, who she described as a “very loud” and “very out there” character who was “the center of everything.” “She was one of a kind, so she left the world how she lived it, being herself,” she said.