A Nassau County Democrat who vied for the congressional seat now held by disgraced GOP Rep. George Santos called the lying lawmaker a “flight risk” and demanded officials revoke the Republican’s passport. County legislator Joshua Lafazan, 28, called Santos “without exaggeration … the biggest fraud in modern American politics” during a news conference at LaGuardia Airport on Wednesday morning. Lafazan reminded reporters that Santos, 34, was under investigation at the “local, state, federal and international levels” for a myriad of alleged offenses, including campaign finance violations and “conspiracy to defraud the United States.” Santos is also reportedly being probed in Brazil in connection with allegations he used stolen checks to purchase clothes more than a decade ago. “Any one of those allegations is enough to put somebody behind bars, but when taken together, we are looking at a serious indictment and George Santos is facing serious jail time here in the United States,” said Lafazan. The county lawmaker added that it was “naïve to believe that if an indictment is pending that George Santos wouldn’t take an extraordinary measure to flee the country in order to avoid jail time.” “People have their passport revoked for much less,” Lafazan went on, characterizing his former rival as a “high-profile flight risk.” Lafazan — who came in third in the Democratic primary for New York’s 3rd District seat last year — went so far as to say that Santos might not even be an American citizen, given his jaw-dropping track record of lies. Santos admitted to The Post last month that he had lied about his education, professional experience and religion on the campaign trail and appeared to have fabricated the sources of his campaign funding and expenditures. He has resisted calls to resign from both sides of the aisle and was placed on two congressional committees Tuesday. The Constitution prohibits the arrest of members of Congress while traveling to the House or while on the floor of Congress “except for treason, felony or breach of the peace.” There are no bylaws that would prevent a representative from being indicted or extradited. “We believe,” said Lafazan, “that an indictment of George Santos is not a matter of if but a matter of when.”