A British broadcaster was left red-faced when sex sounds erupted during an interview ahead of a soccer match — leading him to comment, “It’s toasty in this studio!” The X-rated aural episode unfolded as “Match of the Day” presenter Gary Lineker was previewing a game between the Wolves and Liverpool in a studio at Molineux Stadium. A woman’s loud moaning was heard as he chatted with pundits Paul Ince, Danny Murphy and Alan Shearer. Lineker appeared startled and struggled to keep a straight face as he turned to Shearer, a former England striker. “I don’t know who’s making that noise,” he says, chuckling nervously. “Alan, it’s toasty in this studio!” It turned out the porn clip came courtesy of noted YouTube prankster Daniel Jarvis. “Well, we found this taped to the back of the set,” Lineker wrote on Twitter, where he posted a photo of a cellphone that was used to deliver carnal sounds. Jarvis also posted a video of himself walking freely in the studio. “Yes, it was me that pranked the BBC Match of the Day with the sex phone,” he wrote. During halftime, Lineker got his kicks by referring to the blush-worthy episode. “Harvey Elliott’s goal was a screamer … which was not the only one we’ve had tonight,” he quipped, the Times of London reported. The BBC said in a statement: “We apologize to any viewers offended during the live coverage of the football this evening. We are investigating how this happened.” But Lineker laughed off the incident and said there really was no need for an apology. “We’ve certainly got nothing to [be sorry] for,” he told the BBC’s Kirsty Wark on “Newsnight.” “If you told me this morning that tonight I’d be on ‘Newsnight’ talking about a porn scandal I’d have been terrified,” he said. “I have to say, I think it’s funny. The BBC have issued some sort of apology, I know not why … as pranks go, it was a good one. Credit to them, it was funny I thought,” Lineker said. “It was quite hard to carry on the pre-match build-up and take it seriously when this was going on in the background. It added to the whole game actually. I don’t think anyone cared for the game,” he added, the Standard reported. Jarvis is no stranger to controversy. In October, he was handed a suspended sentence for aggravated trespass after an incident in which he collided with a cricket player when he ran onto the field, the BBC reported. The raunchy comedian — who uses the nickname Jarvo — also was banned from traveling abroad for a year. Jarvis also reportedly broke into “The X Factor” in 2016.