When embarking on your journey of Valentine’s Day shopping, it doesn’t have to be the cut-and-dry flower delivery and Amazon gifts that will ship in two days (though we love both). What will truly pull at the heart-strings of your partner, parent, sibling or best friend is something personalized. Luckily, there are a ton of lovely options you can purchase right online. Not to mention, if personalized gifts have a moment, it’s certainly during Valentine’s Day (especially if you’re shopping for your boyfriend or girlfriend). Consider us Cupid, because we rounded up the 47 best personalized Valentine’s Day gifts of 2023 that will be cherished, treasured and remembered for years to come. While you’re at it, consider shopping for some affordable fine jewelry to impress the woman in your life. To shop this article by category, simply click on each link below: Forget a message in a bottle, when you could put your message right on it. The Message on a Bottle gift from GiftTree includes a premium bottle of California red wine with your choice of personalized message sandblasted on the bottle. You can never have too many insulated mugs to enjoy your morning coffee or tea on the go. Better yet? Get one that has your giftee’s initials on it! This custom cutting board from Personalization Mall is thoughtful, durable and currently on sale for less than $100! Their Instagram is likely filled with a variety of all of their favorite pictures, making it super easy to give them a gift they’ll love — like the InstaLedge! The OG customized gift is, of course, the photo book! Document one of your giftee’s favorite trips or years in a printed book they can look back on whenever they please. Another fun option is putting all of their family recipes into a bound book! Whether they’re working from home or back at the office, they’ll love this personalized glass mouse pad. If you’re buying a loved one a personalized gift, you likely know some of the most special moments in their life. If so, get them this personalized night sky star map poster to remind them of one of their favorite evenings. If they have a sneaker collection the size of their bedroom, consider getting them their favorite accessory but with a twist! Nike offers hundreds of customizable options to make their shoes one-of-a-kind. Chatbooks is budget-friendly and fun gift that is great for new parents who are experiencing tons of milestones with their little ones or big travelers who enjoy to document their years by month! Do you know someone who recently got engaged or married? This personalized anniversary map is the perfect gift to inspire them to see the world. This hand painted watercolor house portrait is a thoughtful gift for someone who just downsized or moved. All you need to do is send in a photo of the property you’d like painted and you’ll receive your framed piece in just a few weeks. An Away Travel piece of luggage is a great present for any traveler. The brand offers a variety of colors and sizes, plus the smaller options come with a portable charger to keep their phone juiced up at all times. The best part? For an extra $10 you can a customized luggage tag to make it completely personalized to them. If they’re working from home an have gotten used to getting work done on the couch or in bed, this personalized lap desk will certainly come in handy. A customized calendar is another OG personalized gift you can’t go wrong with. This chic, brass easel option from Artifact Uprising will surely be a winner. Turn their favorite note into something they can cuddle with whenever they please. A personalized gift basket filled with goodies adults and kids will love? We’re in! Help them organize their thoughts with a thoughtful gift. The leather planner is perfect for the holidays, with a wreath and a monogram embossed on the cover. Make puddle jumping and snowy strolls more fun with a personalized pair of Hunter boots, now available in men’s, women’s and kid’s styles. Drop a chef’s knife instead of a needle on this LP-styled tempered-glass prep board. At nearly 12 inches in diameter (the same as a traditional 33-1/3 rpm record), this record cutting board is comfortably sized for chopping, slicing and dicing. You can customize the center label with a band and album name of your choice and show it off on the optional stand. If they consider themselves whiskey connoisseurs, this is a great gift! This mini barrel from UncommonGoods can be filled with the alcohol of their choice and will add complex flavors over time. You can add a custom “distillery name” along with their city and state, so it will feel extra personal, too. Does he love mastering the grill? Consider buying him this fun apron that can be totally customized! For an extra special gift, go for this leather bifold wallet that you can add his initials to. Pocket knives are an essential for most men, whether they like to fish, hike or have a manual labor job. If that’s the case for the man in your life, consider getting him this durable, custom option! If he enjoys a drink after a long week, consider getting these luxurious, customized, double old-fashioned glasses from Williams Sonoma. If he loves his watch collection then he’ll totally appreciate a snazzy monogrammed travel roll organizer to bring his favorite accessories on the go. For the man that doesn’t have a proper weekender bag consider this canvas duffle from L.L. Bean that can be monogramed with his initials. Calling all beer lovers! This adorable bottle opener can be customized with a special image a text. If she likes stacking bracelets then this dainty, custom nameplate option will make a great addition. Casetify offers tons of supportive cases for a variety of different phones. This leather-esque one can also be customized with your name or initials. A quality tote bag will go a long way. This simple but trendy pick from Madewell is made of semi vegetable-tanned leather and comes in light brown, dark brown and black. Plus, you can add your initials! This custom cursive ring will make jaws drop upon unwrapping it this year. Bring the spa right to her own home with this plush Crane & Canopy robe that comes in three colors and can be customized with her initials. Function of Beauty is a girl’s haircare dream! Buy her a FOB gift card so she can order shampoo and conditioner that’s completely customizable to her hair goals and needs. The Birthdate Candle is a fun gift anyone would love (especially the horoscope-lover). Make sure her jewelry is safely stowed away during travel with this beautiful case that can be personalized with her initials. You can personalize a variety of Corkcicle’s products, choosing the size, color and even the placement of your initials. These monogrammed bath towels will surely elevate any bathroom. This trendy bag doubles as a lunchbox, perfect for the modern woman on the go. Plus, never have your lunch stolen when you add a monogram or name to your bag. Fat Brain Toy’s personalized name puzzle will not only look great displayed in your child’s room but they’ll love playing with it too. Put a fun spin on Connect Four with this personalized option from Uncommon Goods. To customize your kid’s next school backpack, they’ll totally love the this less-than-$25 Amazon buy. Whether for school, sports, dance class or to the park, it’s the perfect gift idea. Make your baby girl or boy feel like they can take on anything the world has to offer with this “I Can Change the World” book. If you have a friend that recently gave birth, be one of the first to gift the new bundle of joy a personalized baby blanket. This one from Pottery Barn Kids comes in a variety of colors and is made with a soft sherpa material. What little girl wouldn’t love to receive an American Girl doll that looks just like their twin? This adorable step stool that can be personalized with their name is from Pottery Barn Kids and ideal for brushing their teeth, jumping into bed and more. Keep your little boy warm with one of the best kids winter coats that makes a perfect gift. With a name like The North Face, you know it’s going to be warm and of the finest quality. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.