This might be your best shot at shedding those extra pounds. Weight-loss drugs such as Wegovy (marketed for the treatment of diabetes under the name Ozempic) have become Hollywood’s biggest slimming secret — and soon there may be an even more potent pound buster on the market. Tirzepatide, which is taken by weekly injection on the arm, thigh or stomach, is likely to be approved by the Food and Drug Administration for weight loss in 2023. Made by Eli Lilly, the drug is already approved by the FDA to treat diabetes under the name Mounjaro. However, taken in higher doses it has been shown to aid weight loss by curbing appetite and food intake while streamlining the way the body breaks down sugar. In a clinical trial, participants who took a higher dosage of Tirzepatide lost up to 22.5% of their body weight, or about 52 pounds, over the course of 72 weeks. Unlike popular weight-loss drugs Wegovy and Saxenda, Tirzepatide mimics not one but two appetite-regulating hormones (GLP1 and GIP), which appears to make it more effective. While it promises to help users shed significant pounds, Tirzepatide is also expected to balloon Eli Lilly’s coffers. According to NBC News, it could hit a record $48 billion in annual sales once it gets the official green light. But there are concerns that the drug might not be covered under insurance when used to treat obesity. That’s the case with Wegovy, which  costs around $1,300 for a month’s supply. Lower doses used to treat diabetes are generally covered by insurance. Dr. David Rind, the chief medical officer for the Institute for Clinical and Economic Review, told the outlet that Tirzepatide could cost an eye-popping $13,000 annually, or about $1,100 every month. But people may be willing to shell out the dough. The public has now seen how effective similar drugs have been for people like Elon Musk, who has admitted to using Wegovy to lose 20 pounds. Social-media users have also speculated that other boldfacers such as Kim Kardashian have been using the diabetes drugs to slim down. Last year, Andy Cohen tweeted: “Everyone is suddenly showing up 25 pounds lighter. What happens when they stop taking Ozempic?” That is, if you can get your hands on the magic fat burner. Ozempic and Wegovy are listed as “currently on shortage” on the FDA’s site. But an enviable physique does not come without drawbacks. Tirzepatide’s most common side effects were nausea, constipation and diarrhea.