It’s the New Year, and your house is a mess. You had some friends over on Saturday night, and they brought some friends, too. Plus even some of those friends of friends brought friends, and before you knew it, it was noon on New Year’s Day and your apartment needed a deep clean. Luckily, in addition to a ton of other great sales we’ve rounded up to ring in the New Year, Dyson has a few great deals of their own to get your house spick and span for January 2023. For a limited time this New Year, Dyson is offering $100 off three of their bestselling stick vacuum models, the v8, the v8 absolute, and the Cyclone v10, bumping prices down to $350, $400, and $450, respectively. In short: these savings are worth checking out. Below, we’ve provided more information about each of the three options, and what shoppers should look for in each. Read on, click through, and get cleaning. Unmatched cleaning power at under 6lbs, and bagless? That’s how you know it’s Dyson. This v8 Cordless Stick Vacuum from Dyson is $100 off for a limited time, plummeting the price down to just $350. The v8 would be a steal at any price, but $350 might be hard to beat. With 45 minutes of runtime, and five tools and accessories included, this lightweight, easy-to-use vacuum is the perfect starter vacuum for those who haven’t dabbled in Dyson before. For just $50 more, there’s the v8 Absolute, the older, wiser, more powerful cousin of the standard v8. The v8 Absolute has all the suction power, run-time, and bin capacity as its standard counterpart, with a few added tricks. The v8 Absolute comes equipped with the Fluffy cleaner head, perfect for hardwood floors, as well as three additional attachments. Finally, we arrive at the Dyson Cyclone v10 Animal, a stick vacuum designed with pet-owners in mind. For just $450, 60 minutes of run-time, three power modes, and all of the latest de-tangling technology could be yours. Tidy up the family room and the dog bed with Dyson’s Hair Screw Tool, an attachment designed specifically to nab pesky pet hairs from hard-to-reach places. For more content, check out the New York Post Shopping section.