The principal of a Christian school in Tennessee, who was arrested last year on accusations of sexual activity with a minor, has been indicted on 11 additional charges. Liberty Christian School principal Jason Kennedy, 47, was already facing charges in connection with his alleged sexual activity with an underage girl. He was charged in August with two counts of sexual assault by an authority figure and one count of solicitation of a minor. School secretary and homeschool coordinator Brittney Branham, 28, was also charged with solicitation of a minor in August over incidents that occurred in Kennedy’s home. It is unclear if she will face any new charges. District Attorney Stephen Crump told FOX Chattanooga on Friday that the new charges Kennedy was indicted on represent three more victims, which means there are now four total victims in the case. The grand jury indictment shows Kennedy’s new charges include sexual activity involving a minor, solicitation of a minor to observe sexual conduct, aggravated sexual battery, six counts of sexual battery by an authority figure and two counts of violation of the Child Protect Act. The victim, whose accusations led to the arrests or Kennedy and Branham last year, is a 19-year-old who says she was underage at the time of the incidents. Kennedy was living at his home in Athens, Tenn., with his wife and Branham in 2019 when the victim would spend the night, staying in the same room as Branham, according to affidavits from the McMinn County Sheriff’s Department. The victim said Kennedy would come into the bedroom and talk about sex with her and Branham. The victim said Branham urged her to allow Kennedy to touch her private area, but to not tell anyone because they could get in trouble. According to the affidavit, the teenager said Branham and Kennedy bought her a “black and white skimpy night gown” in August 2020, and one night when she was staying at Kennedy’s home, he came into the room she and Branham were in and touched the victim’s breast. The victim told investigators when she was staying in the room with Branham in another instance in early 2021, Kennedy came into the room and began talking about sex. She said Kennedy and Branham pleasured themselves and encouraged her to join them. After they finished, the victim said they adjusted their clothing and acted “like nothing had happened, they began talking like normal,” the affidavit says. Kennedy is also a teacher and pastor at Liberty Christian School. Local news outlets reported he and Branham remain employed. Liberty Christian School did not immediately respond to Fox News Digital’s request for comment.