Kevin Spacey got the hook — again — for being on the hook with UK courts. The embattled actor, 63, has been replaced by “Thor” and “RRR” actor Ray Stevenson in the upcoming flick “1242: Gateway to the West,” Deadline has reported, as Spacey weathers new charges of sexual assault. The film was briefly anticipated to be the Academy Award-winning actor’s comeback following his recent Manhattan federal court win against actor Anthony Rapp. “What an incredible honor to welcome Ray Stevenson, a globally-recognized actor with an impressive range and undeniable charisma,” said producer Bill Chamberlain in a statement. “1242: Gateway to the West” tells the story of a spiritual man (played by Jeremy Neumark Jones) and his attempt to confront the Great Mongolian Army, which is led by Batu Khan, the grandson of the fearsome Ghengis Khan. In lieu of Spacey, Stevenson will reportedly play Papal Legate Cesareane, a Mongol spy who acts as a middleman. The 58-year-old actor appeared as the villain in “RRR,” which has been nominated for Best Original Song at the 2023 Oscars. “Ray is the ideal lead for our movie ‘1242: Gateway to the West’; his captivating performances in films like ‘RRR’ prove that beyond doubt! We are honored he’s come on board,” said the film’s other producer Kornél Sipos. “Together, we’ll craft something truly remarkable.” On the heels of his shocking defense against Rapp, 51 — in which he prevailed — Spacey was swiftly hit with an additional seven charges of sexual assault in the UK, allegedly occurring from 2001 to 2004. According to prosecutors, the new charges include three counts of indecent assault and sexual assault and one of causing a person to engage in sexual activity without consent. The “American Beauty” actor has pleaded not guilty. The “House of Cards” actor was honored by Italy’s National Cinema Museum with a lifetime achievement award. In the actor’s first speaking engagement since his legal battles began, Spacey thanked the film organization for having “the balls” to invite him. “1242: Gateway to the West” is set to screen at the European Film Market in Berlin.