Newborn baby on board! A pregnant Georgia woman was forced to give birth on her own in a car — all while stuck in traffic. “I had no clue it was going to happen until she was already in my pants!” Deshai Fudd, 23, told NeedToKnow.Online of her inadvertent DIY baby delivery. The “delivery vehicle” incident occurred in November, but a video of the incident currently blowing up on TikTok, amassing 11.4 million views. Her infant’s unexpected arrival occurred on November 29, 2022, while the Atlanta native was driving with her husband Loston Fudd, 25, Jam Press reported. Despite feeling contractions in the morning, Deshai thought she had plenty of time, so she told her partner to head to work. Disaster struck after the mother of three’s water broke ten minutes into the commute. With her husband at the wheel, Deshai was forced to deliver her baby in the passenger’s seat. Accompanying TikTok footage shows the flabbergasted gal cradling her pride and joy, which is swaddled in a blanket in her lap behind the dashboard. “She didn’t cry so we were concerned until I felt her move,” Deshai described, painting the chaotic scene. “My husband was yelling and asking if she was okay and asking what he should do.” However, the impromptu OBGYN reportedly told him to keep “driving and get us to the hospital” like a prenatal version of the movie “Speed.” Unfortunately, calamity struck again after the couple became trapped in “standstill traffic” with a newborn baby on board. Left with few other options, a quick-thinking Loston decided to flag down a patrol car. “He [Loston] pulled up next to a GA State patrol officer and yelled into his car,” Deshai explained. “He told them that we had just had a baby in the car and we needed an escort to get to the hospital!” The mother added, “The officer quickly turned his lights on and led us through the traffic!” They reportedly arrived at the hospital around 20 minutes later, after which “about 10 to 15 nurses ran out to the car and cut the umbilical cord,” Deshai described. “They wrapped the baby up in some blankets and took us into a room to check on everything,” she added. Thankfully, the traumatic car birth didn’t seem to affect the health of the baby, named Dariya Fudd, who weighed a normal 5 pounds, 12 ounces. “She was in mint condition. Thank god,” gushed Deshai on TikTok, adding that she was “discharged the very next day.” Fortunately, Deshai says she and little Dariya are faring “amazing” following the tot-omobile incident. She added that is enjoying watching her “baby girl grow” and get to know her older siblings Demiah, four, and Lamell, two. Her prenatal solo venture made a splash on social media with one awestruck viewer writing: “Her just chilling in your pants is kinda funny, congrats.” “The baby in your pants like a baby kangaroo in its mommas pouch,” fawned another fan. “Congratulations! Hope you’re okay.” “Omgggg in Atlanta traffic. I would’ve had a panic attack lol. Congrats!” wrote one admirer, to which Deshai replied, “yes my husband was panicking which is why he flagged the police down for an escort.” Some TikTok wits even wondered how much money Deshai saved by having her baby in a vehicle as opposed to the hospital. Even TikTok baby influencer Ms. Rachel weighed in, writing: “She’s gorgeous! Congrats! She was ready!!!” In retrospect, Deshai admitted that the traumatic delivery left her out of sorts and that she often replays the stressful scenario in her head. “I was wondering if I hadn’t told my husband to go ahead and go to work, would we have made it to the hospital in time?” she fretted. However, ultimately the proud momma says she’s just glad that “my baby is healthy and safe and that was what kept me afloat.” “That was very scary but we are blessed to have another healthy, beautiful addition to the family,” Deshai wrote on TikTok. “We can’t wait for her to grow up and hear her crazy birth story.”