Fresh off a 2022 tour, Il Divo is picking up right where they left off and hitting the road yet again in 2023. From Feb. 23 through March 24, the classically-trained singers from all over the globe will hit venues all over North America as part of their upcoming 19-concert “A New Day Tour.” Near the end of the trek, they’ll drop into the Big Apple for a show at New York City’s Beacon Theatre on March 10. On the last run of shows, the quartet incorporated Motown classics into their set lists to mix things up. What will the “A New Day Tour” bring? While we can’t say for sure, we do know the best way to find out is to see David Miller, Sébastien Izambard, Urs Bühler and special guest Steven LaBrie live. And make sure to buy tickets early — some seats can be secured for as low as $15 before fees on Vivid Seats at the time of publication. Now, here’s everything you need to know about the upcoming Il Divo tour.  Starting Feb. 23, the legendary foursome will drop into Niagara Falls’ OLG Stage at Fallsview Casino. From there, they’ll hit notable cities like Easton, PA (March 3), Worcester, MA (March 7), Nashville, TN (March 16), Charlotte, NC (March 19) and Louisville, KY (March 22), while crisscrossing up and down the country. The tour wraps at the Genesee Theatre in Waukegan, IL, on March 24. If you want to see if Il Divo is coming to a city near you, you can see a complete calendar, including dates, venues, show start times and links to buy tickets here.  Tragedy, unfortunately, befell the group in Dec. 2021. On Dec. 19, 2021, one of the group’s founding members, Carlos Marín, passed away after a two-week battle with COVID-19. Since his untimely death, the group has enlisted the talents of Mexican-American singer Steven LaBrie. LaBrie, 34, toured with the group in 2022 and is listed as a special guest for the time being.  Many of the all-time great vocalists are hitting venues all over the U.S. and Canada this year. Here are just five of our favorite powerful singers you won’t want to miss live in the next few months. • Adele • Andrea Bocelli • Sting • Rod Stewart • Barry Manilow