Not all that glitters is gold – this time, it’s Shia LaBeouf. The unrecognizable “Transformers” actor strutted his stuff on the Atlanta set of Francis Ford Coppola’s upcoming film “Megalopolis” Wednesday, fashioned in a white, flowing gown and adorned with gold jewelry and a headpiece. LaBeouf, who also flaunted black acrylic nails and pencil-thin eyebrows, is starring alongside a docket of A-listers. Adam Driver, “The White Lotus” actor Aubrey Plaza, Dustin Hoffman, Laurence Fishburne and “Kaleidoscope” lead Giancarlo Esposito comprise the star-studded cast. The on-set snaps of LaBeouf come as the film submerges in hot water – insiders told the Hollywood Reporter that the project is supposedly falling apart. At the time of the report, Coppola had allegedly lost a slew of talent, designers and the “entire visual effects team.” Determined to not squander his money – which he invested in the blockbuster – Coppola denied the allegations to Deadline. “I love my cast, I love what I’m getting each day, I am on schedule and on budget, and that’s what is important to me,” he told the outlet. LaBeouf, 36, is no stranger to controversy, of course. His latest fiasco was the “Don’t Worry Darling” drama – fueled by none other than girl boss director Olivia Wilde. The actress claimed she fired former Disney Channel star LaBeouf from the film — which also featured her supposed ex-beau, Harry Styles — but the pair’s stories did not align. While Wilde claimed her decision was to keep co-star Florence Pugh safe, LaBeouf aired out alleged dirty laundry – or, texts, in this case – even sharing a clip of Wilde reportedly begging him to stay in the cast after he allegedly quit on his own terms. LaBeouf’s tumultuous past while growing up in the limelight has earned him a tarnished reputation, one that he’s recently been attempting to polish. The born-again Catholic, who supposedly found God while studying for his role in 2022’s “Padre Pio,” recalled the dark place he found himself in at the time, detailing his transgressions in an interview last summer. “I had been abusive to women and had been shooting dogs and willingly been giving women STDs,” LaBeouf confessed at the time. “It’s disgusting. It’s depraved. My mother is embarrassed beyond imagination.” His ex-girlfriend, FKA Twigs, sued the actor for abuse she allegedly suffered throughout their relationship, accusing him of “sexual battery, assault and infliction of emotional distress.” Along with those accusations, which LaBeouf said “saved” him, an array of legal troubles acted as the catalyst for the actor’s come to Jesus moment – literally. Perhaps his most famous run-in with the law was in 2014 when he had a drunken meltdown while watching a Broadway show. The actor, who has faced nearly a dozen arrests, was allegedly smoking cigarettes inside the theater and shouting obscenities, prompting authorities to arrest him during intermission. The following year, he was arrested for public intoxication, and again in 2017 along with disorderly conduct and obstruction. That same year, he was also arrested during a protest at his anti-Trump art installation in Queens, where he allegedly grabbed a man, scratched his face and pushed him to the ground. At the time, he was charged with misdemeanor assault and harassment but they were dropped. Now, more than 600 days sober, LaBeouf is turning a new leaf. A source close to LaBeouf told Page Six that the disgraced actor is “completely committed to a healthy life, to making better decisions and taking care of himself and his family.” He’s the father to his 9-month-old daughter, Isabel, with wife, 29-year-old Mia Goth. A Hollywood production insider told Page Six that LaBeouf has “genuine talent,” but that “actions speak louder than words, so let’s see how he behaves on the set of upcoming projects.”