In the hunt for the elixir of immortality, scientists might have cracked one piece of the code. A new study revealed a cancer drug could increase the longevity of life – albeit, by just three years. The findings, published in the journal Nature Aging, studied the effects of the drug on mice, which may reveal novel uses for the therapy in humans. “Aging is not only about lifespan but also about quality of life,” Dr. Chris Hedges, lead author of the study and a research fellow at the University of Auckland in New Zealand, said in a statement. “Therefore, we were pleased to see this drug treatment not only increased longevity of the mice, but they also showed many signs of healthier aging. We are working now to understand how this happens.” In the study, the mice, all healthy and aged over 1 year, were split into two groups. While the two ate the same diet, only one test group was administered the drug, called a PI3K inhibitor, which limits phosphoinositide 3-kinase enzymes, aides to the proliferation of cancer cells. In an astounding discovery, the mice who received the drug lived longer and showed signs of improved health as they aged. But before beauty queens and kings ditch their Ozempic jabs in favor of the latest fountain of youth, experts warn that the medicine is far from ready to be humans’ miracle drug. “We are not suggesting that anyone should go out and take this drug long term to extend lifespan, as there are some side effects,” Troy Merry, associate professor and principal investigator for the study, said in a statement. “However, this work identifies mechanisms crucial to aging that will be of use in our long-term efforts to increase lifespan and health span.” “It also suggests a number of possible ways in which shorter-term treatments with this drug could be used to treat certain metabolic health conditions, and we are following this up now,” he added. Scientists have been attempting to develop a drug like this for more than two decades, said Peter Shepherd, a professor of molecular medicine. “Therefore, it’s great to see that these drugs might have uses in other areas and reveal novel mechanisms contributing to age-related diseases,” Shepherd said. “It also shows the value of long-term investment in research in areas such as this.” If the waiting game isn’t an option, eager youth seekers can take up other hobbies and habits that can extend longevity the ol’ fashioned way. A study from the University of California in San Diego last year revealed that physical activity as simple as running could be the key to a long, healthy life. Other research concluded that drinking more coffee or sticking to an expert-approved diet could also add some years to your life.