Plastic makes perfect — according to these cosmetic surgery queens. Cardi B outed Kim Kardashian’s alleged best-kept secret: she’s had plastic surgery. (Cue gasps.) The Skims founder has repeatedly denied cosmetic modifications — but the “WAP” rapper claimed that the big-bootied starlet gave her a list of cosmetic surgeons. On the first episode of the Jason Lee Podcast, Cardi B got honest about her nose job and butt lift, claiming that the SKKN boss gave her a list of her most trusted doctors in town. “OK, so how do you decide who you’re going to go to and trust to touch your face and your body?” Lee questioned the “Up” rapper. “‘Cause I remember the time we were at Kris’ [Jenner] house and Kim gave you a list of people you could call and get help. You didn’t call none of those people, you just did it at home?'” “No, I called a couple of people that she gave me,” Cardi B admitted, but didn’t dive into detail. The Post has attempted to reach Kardashian’s camp for comment on or confirmation of Cardi B’s claims. The iconic television family is steadfast in their denial of extreme plastic surgery – although before and after snaps say otherwise. Just last year Kardashian appeared on the cover of Allure, only admitting to receiving minor Botox between her perfectly plucked brows. Yet, she denied ever receiving fillers, extensions or “anything” — something the “Bodak Yellow” rapper inadvertently dished is a lie. “I’ve never had eyelash extensions. I’ve never done anything,” Kardashian previously told Allure. “I’ve never filled my cheeks. I’ve never filled my lips.” The 41-year-old mogul, who owns her own skincare line, admitted to being beauty obsessed, caring about her appearance “more than 90% of the people on this planet.” While her vanity is the crux of her empire, these fleeting references to her beauty regimen ignited controversy online. Multiple critics flamed the interviewer for not pressing Kardashian further than on her Botox use. The reality star’s curves put her on the pop culture map, as fans clamored to achieve her same “slim thick” figure – which apparently is all a plastic mirage. “The slim-thick ideal was most harmful to women’s appearance, weight and overall body satisfaction,” stated authors of a previous York University study, which analyzed Kardashian’s unhealthy influence on young, impressionable women. “[It] may still represent an ideal of beauty that women find threatening and personally unattainable.” But following a bout with extreme weight loss to squeeze into Marilyn Monroe’s glittering dress at last year’s Met Gala, Kardashian bid her infamous hourglass goodbye. In addition to touting a restrictive diet, Kardashian is under scrutiny for potentially reversing her BBL and allegedly using Ozempic, a weight loss drug made for people with diabetes. With all the lasering, tightening and injecting, it’s a surprise the famous family continues to use Photoshop. Kardashian has gone so far as to supposedly edit her neck to be slimmer and make her legs thinner. “I was kind of joking, but now that I think about it, I would probably eat s – – t if someone told me, ‘If you eat this bowl of poop every single day, you’ll look younger,’” she previously joked in an interview with the New York Times, although she supposedly knows where to draw the line. “I’m 41. I always want to look appropriate. There does come a point when you’ve taken it too far — overfilled, too tight, too much cosmetic work. There’s nothing worse.” Despite admitting she’s alright with not being “perfect,” it might be high time for Kardashian to take a page out of her own book. “I hate my hands — they’re wrinkly and gross,” Kardashian told Allure. “But I’ve lived life and I’ve changed so many diapers with these hands and I’ve snuggled my babies with these hands, so I’m okay with them. [Getting older] doesn’t mean that I won’t strive for perfection, but you get to a point where you’re like, ‘Okay, my health is more important than anything else.’”