Not all of the action from Saturday’s divisional-round showdown between the Chiefs and Jaguars took place on the field. As the Chiefs punched their ticket to next week’s AFC Championship game with a 27-20 win over the Jaguars, a Kansas City supporter backed her team — and love of baked potatoes — against a bitter Jacksonville fan. “KC fan eating a Baked potato out of her pocket,” a Jaguars supporter tweeted over the weekend, adding “throwing up” emojis alongside a snap of the Chiefs fan in question, who took in the excitement from Arrowhead Stadium. The apparent roast from the Jaguars fan was short-lived, however, as the Chiefs supporter — who goes by “KC Potato Girl” — gave the Jacksonville backer a taste of their own medicine. “I caught you taking my photo as well. But I enjoyed a baked potato and a win. How about you?” the Kansas City supporter tweeted. With their back against the wall, the Jaguars fan responded the only way they could. “Guess we’re even,” the fan replied, adding a collection of crying and laughing-face emojis and of course, potato emojis. “KC Potato Girl” and the rest of Chiefs kingdom are likely breathing a sigh of relief following Saturday’s win, which happened to include an injury scare involving starting quarterback Patrick Mahomes. An MRI revealed Sunday that Mahomes suffered a high-ankle sprain against the Jaguars. With an AFC Championship rematch against the Bengals looming, Mahomes said he plans to be “as close to 100 percent by next week.” “It feels better than I thought it was going to be now,” Mahomes said, according to ESPN. “Obviously, I have a lot of adrenaline going right now, so we’ll see how it feels. But I’ll hop right in the treatment and try to do whatever I can to be as close to 100 percent by next week. Luckily for us, we played the early game on Saturday, so we get an extra almost half a day that I can let that ankle rest.” Perhaps “KC Potato Girl” will make a return trip to Arrowhead for Sunday’s highly anticipated matchup with her favorite snack ready to go.