The Super Bowl of beauty is about to touch down in New Orleans. From Jan. 11-14, the 71st annual Miss Universe Pageant will drop into the Big Easy’s Ernest N. Morial Convention Center for three high-profile competitions that will determine which of the 85 contestants will take home the 2023 crown. This year has some major contenders too. According to Pageant Circle, representatives from Chile, Colombia, Peru, Thailand and Ukraine are early favorites. Of course, the U.S.A.’s R’Bonney Gabriel is in the mix as well. And if seeing these potential future winners duke it out for the one of the world’s most sought after titles sounds like a good time to you, you still can snag tickets. In fact, tickets are still available for the Preliminary Event and Costume Show, Dress Rehearsal and Finals. While ticket prices for the Jan. 14 finals are high — they start at $276 before fees on Vivid Seats — you can snatch up general admission passes for the rehearsal earlier that day for just $81 before fees. Want to know more? Everything you’re looking for and more is below.  A complete calendar of all ticketed Miss Universe events including dates, times and lowest ticket prices available can be found here. (Note: The New York Post confirmed all above prices at the publication time. All prices are subject to fluctuation and include additional fees at checkout.) Vivid Seats is a verified secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand. They offer a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and your tickets will be delivered prior to the event.  If watching Miss Universe is appointment viewing for you, we’ve got news for you. For the first time ever, the competition will skip network TV and stream exclusively on The Roku Channel. The event will take place on Jan. 14 at 7 p.m. EST. Former Miss Universe Olivia Culpo and Jeannie Mai Jenkins from “The Real” will host the event taking the reins from Steve Harvey who hosted the past five years.  On Dec. 13, 2021, Harnaaz Sandhu of India was named the 70th Miss Universe winner in Eilat, Israel. Sandhu, born in March 2000, was riding high prior to her crowning having had just won Miss Diva Universe 2021. Her win continued India’s storied tradition of taking home the top prize at the Miss Universe pageant. Before Sandhu’s victory, India had two Miss Universe winners in Sushmita Sen (1994) and Lara Dutta (2000)  85 countries from Albania all the way to Vietnam are sending representatives to this year’s competition. Want to see everyone who is going to be in New Orleans for the 71st Miss Universe? All you have to do is click here.  Although no tour will have quite the pageantry that Miss Universe brings to the table, there are quite a few exciting stars you’ll want to keep an eye out for in the next few months. Here are just five of our favorite artists hitting the road in 2023. • Taylor Swift • Lizzo • Adele • Janet Jackson • Maggie Rogers