Our NFL betting writer brings you his best Vikings vs. Packers predictions and picks for their NFL Week 17 showdown, which is live Sunday on CBS at 4:25 p.m. EST. The Vikings (12-3) edged the visiting New York Giants 27-24 in Week 16 behind Greg Joseph’s franchise-record 61-yard field goal as time expired. Minnesota, which has clinched the NFC North crown, currently is the No. 2 seed in the NFC playoff picture. Green Bay has won three in a row to keep its NFC postseason aspirations alive. The Packers (7-8), who are coming off a 26-20 victory in Miami on Christmas Day, are seeking to reach the .500 mark for the first time since Week 6. Minnesota has won four of five since being throttled 40-3 by Dallas in Week 11, scoring no fewer than 23 points during that stretch. Kirk Cousins has passed for at least 299 yards in three straight games. Green Bay can’t clinch a playoff berth this week, but can be eliminated with a loss, plus either a win by Detroit (versus Chicago) or Washington (versus Cleveland). Subtract an overseas “home” loss to the Giants in October, and the Packers are a mere 3-3 in their building this season, with offensive outputs of 10 and 17 points mixed in with games of 31 (in overtime) and 24. Green Bay is rounding into form and getting healthier on the offensive line, however, which should bolster a rushing attack that has provided dependability amid quarterback Aaron Rodgers’ inconsistency. Minnesota is aiming to sweep the season series after opening the season with a 23-7 home win against Green Bay. Justin Jefferson had 184 receiving yards and two touchdown catches in that one, and the Packers may have to pick their poison if they focus too much on limiting the league receiving leader. Tight end T.J. Hockenson had 13 catches last week, and wideout K.J. Osborn had a career-high 157 yards the week before. Vikings vs. Packers pick: Over 48 points to be scored, @ -110 via BetMGM Minnesota set an NFL record last week by securing its 11th one-score victory of the season. A streaking opponent and the law of averages should keep the Vikings from going beyond the “Spinal Tap” amp max, to boot.Sure, Rodgers’ pursuit of a third straight league MVP trophy has long passed, but he remains rather impressive against Minnesota, with 56 touchdowns versus eight interceptions in 27 career starts. A healthy running and receiving corps help give the Packers the edge as they seize their fourth straight win. Vikings vs. Packers pick: Packers winning margin of 1-6 points, +300 via BetMGM Vikings running back Dalvin Cook struggled to come untracked against the Giants last week, gaining 64 yards on 14 carries with a long rush of 18. The carries marked his fewest since Cook ran just 11 times in the lopsided loss to Dallas. Cook hasn’t topped 100 yards since the Vikings’ overtime victory at Buffalo the previous Sunday, in Week 10. Facing a poor Packers run defense ought to offer a salve, although the record does reflect the Giants have the NFL’s highest yards-per-carry against, at 5.4 yards. Green Bay gives up 5 yards a tote, and Cook already dented that ‘D’ for 90 yards on 20 carries in Week 1. Vikings vs. Packers pick: Dalvin Cook over 71.5 rushing yards, – 115 via BetMGM Odds courtesy of BetMGM. Correct at the time of publishing and subject to change. 