Chloe Cherry doesn’t want the royal treatment. In the latest episode of Emily Ratajkowski’s podcast “High Low,” the 25-year-old actress revealed why she ended her career as an adult film star following her turn as Faye in HBO’s “Euphoria.” “I’m just not comfortable with being that actress girl that everyone in the industry is going to, like, treat differently,” Cherry told the 31-year-old supermodel. “When I was just a normal person I was on an even playing field, but now I’m not.” Being a porn star has a shelf life, she explained, and while she still has “plenty of time to do it,” she’d rather stop while she’s ahead. She could pursue acting well into her 60s, she added, but “can’t do porn when I’m that old.” Cherry said that she was proud of her previous accomplishments. “I’d rather just … tie it up in a nice bow, and have that really awesome porn career that went really well, rather than trying to do more with it,” she said, adding that her television success has also changed the way she views her personal sex life. “It went so well, and now I’m at this other side of things that, like, having sex with me, it’s not the same as doing porn.” “If I were to be put on a scene with somebody the girl or guy like they might be like, ‘Holy s – – t, it’s Chloe Cherry,’ and I’m just not comfortable with being seen as the celebrity of porn stars,” she added. After getting down and dirty with the details of how she used to prepare for porn scenes – which Ratajkowski said “sounds like a lot of work physically” – Cherry also claimed that her stint as a porn star didn’t garner nearly as much dough as she makes now. “I make what I made in a year in porn, in one day in this industry,” the Pennsylvania native revealed. “So there’s no point in me just doing work that I don’t have to.” The ingenue was first cast opposite Emmy-winning actress Zendaya in the HBO show’s second season, playing the bimbo-esque pal of Fezco and Ashtray. Cherry’s fans championed the role following the season’s wrap. “My 15 minutes of fame have provoked a lot of positive responses and it feels insanely good,” she told Variety in 2022. “It feels unreal to have so many people say they love you on the show, it really does.” Due to her prior line of work as a different kind of on-screen star, Cherry remains no stranger to the limelight – and the reason why acting feels no different than being an adult filmmaker, she said. “To me, it was all like, you’re all acting, you’re all beautiful people. So I guess as the viewer, I never really saw a difference in it, but I guess that was just me, maybe. I’m an actress, just through and through an actress,” Cherry told Nylon in 2022. “I’ve acted for a long time. And it’s a different experience, but I would just through and through call myself an actress.”