At least Dak Prescott is winning off the field. The Cowboys quarterback is casually dating LSU swimmer Jadyn Jannasch, Page Six exclusively reported Thursday, a day after the outlet reported his split from ex-girlfriend Natalie Buffett in March. While it’s unclear exactly when the two got together, they were “active” over the holidays. Prescott and Jannasch met through her father, Jeff Jannasch, who runs a mortgage company in Texas that partnered with the Cowboys, a source told Page Six — adding that “she has been telling teammates it’s a rebound relationship for him, and it’s still going on, but given that she’s in school and he’s in Texas, it’s not an everyday thing.” Prescott, 29, and Jannasch, 20, have yet to publicly confirm their romance. The news came days after the Cowboys’ season-ending loss to the 49ers in the Divisional Round of the 2023 NFL Playoffs. As for Jannasch, the 5-foot-8 athlete, who turns 21 in April, is in her junior year at LSU, where she is majoring in mass communications. Jannasch, who specializes in the breaststroke, chose LSU for “the amazing atmosphere, coaches, and the extreme want to be able to swim on the same team as her brother,” Jack, who swims at the school, according to her LSU bio. In 2021, Jannasch’s father posted a photo with Prescott and joked the athlete was his “best friend.” Prior to LSU, Jannasch lettered four years at Frisco High School, where she was named First Team State all four years. She is also a three-time Junior National Qualifier. Earlier this month, Jannasch debuted her 2023 LSU swim portraits on Instagram, including a photo of her sporting a Tigers football helmet and a Mardi Gras beaded necklace. The Frisco, Texas native, who is a Cowboys fan, is seen wearing a team logo jacket in her Instagram profile picture. She’s also attended a few of Prescott’s games with teammates. “Can I like the Browns and Cowboys? ,” Jannasch wrote in the caption of a photo in August, when she attended a Browns-Jaguars preseason game in Jacksonville. Jannasch is followed by famed LSU gymnast Olivia Dunne on Instagram. It’s unclear if the college athletes run in the same friend circle. Prior to Jannasch, Prescott dated Buffett for two years. Buffett, who is a fashion influencer and model, made their relationship Instagram official in July 2020, when she shared a photo of the couple in celebration of his 27th birthday. Photos of the ex-couple are still present on Buffett’s Instagram page, while there is no sign of her on Prescott’s account.