An Instagram model from Brooklyn fatally stabbed her dad and critically wounded her kid sister during a rampage over a laptop, authorities said Monday. The revelation came as transgender suspect Nikki Secondino, 22, was arraigned on a murder indictment and shipped back to Rikers Island, where she has been held without bail since the Dec. 29 attack in the family’s Bensonhurst home. Secondino was also charged with assault and weapons possession in the six-count indictment unsealed in court. “This defendant is charged with brutally killing her own father and then stabbing her younger sister, allegedly following an argument over a laptop,” Brooklyn District Attorney Eric Gonzalez said in a statement. “My office will vigorously prosecutor this horrific case and seek justice for the victims.” Secondino is charged with killing her father Carlo, 61, and badly wounding her 19-year-old sister, Liana, during the bloody outburst. According to a criminal complaint previously filed in the case, the accused killer gave cops a chilling confession after she was arrested by Brooklyn detectives. “I came out of the bedroom, and I saw my father sitting on [the] couch sleeping, and I bashed [his] head in with [a] hammer,” she allegedly said. “I grabbed my favorite German steel knife and stabbed the s–t out of him,” she said, according to the complaint. “My sister came out of her bedroom and tried to stop me, and then I stabbed her in the back, head and stomach. I wanted them dead.” Secondino had initially told cops that a pair of intruders broke into the family home and attacked her father and sister but later changed her story, police said. When first responders got to the scene, a wounded Liana Secondino told police, “My sister stabbed me,” according to the complaint. “Have you seen my dad?” Police sources said there had previously been unrest in the family. In late July, Nikki got a temporary order of protection against her dad and sister, claiming Liana threatened to kill her and that her father was in “the mob.” The family-court request came after two incidents of threats and violence in the family earlier that month. On July 15, Nikki called the cops and claimed her father had threatened to kill her, and two days later, her sister was charged with assault and criminal mischief for allegedly tearing down window blinds and cutting Nikki’s hand. A judge agreed to sign off on the order, said sources, who added that her father was not believed to be connected to the Mafia. Nikki said during a 2020 interview on the “United We Rant” podcast that she was born Nicholas Secondino but transitioned to being a woman during her late teens. She worked as a fashion model for several years and said during the interview that her father had always been supportive and accepting of her transition.