Rollin’ with the homies … once again. “Clueless” stars Alicia Silverstone, Stacey Dash and Elisa Donovan are reuniting this spring for That’s 4 Entertainment’s 90’s Con. The cast members of the hit 1995 chick flick will come together in Hartford, Conn. for the convention, according to Entertainment Tonight. “I am so excited about the reunion with my ’90s peeps,” Dash, 56, said. Amanda Bynes and the cast of “All That” are also attending the nostalgic ’90s event from March 17 to 19. Other attendees coming to the three-day event include AJ McLean, Beth Broderick, Caroline Rhea, Chris Kirkpatrick, Dan Lauria, Danica McKellar, Joey Fatone, Melissa Joan Hart, Omri Katz, Thora Birch and Nick Carter. “Clueless” is over a quarter of a century old but is still as iconic as ever thanks to beloved fans. The rom-com was a modern-day twist on the Jane Austen novel “Emma” and starred Silverstone, 46, as the ditzy yet kind fashionista, Cher Horowitz. Cher uses her popularity powers for good and befriends a new student named Tai Frasier (Brittany Murphy), and plays matchmaker for her friends and family. Dash portrayed Cher’s bestie Dionne Davenport and Donovan, 51, was Amber — Cher’s frenemy. The film celebrated its 25th anniversary in 2020 and director Amy Heckerling looked back on her experiences on set, telling The Post how the Beverly Hills setting was meant to create a utopian society where there was no racial prejudice at the time. “It was always my desire to create an alternate universe where there’s no racism, everybody is having fun, everybody has money to buy things,” the filmmaker, 68, said. The movie is also known for creating its own slang — with famous words such as “cake boy” and “buggin’.” Of the script’s ’90s-era glossary, Heckerling noted that the words came from a variety of sources. She revealed that it was a professor at UCLA who would get together linguistics students and compile a list of slang words. “That’s where “she’s a Monet” came from,” the “Fast Times at Ridgemont High” director added. “There was ethnic slang, rap music slang. I put in some Yiddish: When Dionne is happy that boys were responding to Tai, she says she’s ‘kvelling.'” And as for Cher’s hilarious “Haitians” monologue in the movie, the speech was unscripted. “The first day, we started with Alicia’s Haitians speech. I ran around to everybody that was trying to go up and correct her pronunciation and [stopped them]. I felt like she had a certain confidence in the way she was saying it,” Heckerling said.