A Colorado man “intentionally” plowed his pickup truck through the front doors of a police station after he claimed people were “following him,” police said. Nathan David Chacon, 45, smashed his 2007 Chevrolet Silverado through glass doors and into the lobby of the Grand Junction Police Station, coming to a stop at a counter inside around 12:30 p.m. on Wednesday, shocking footage released by the department shows. There were 11 employees working in offices behind the counter at the time, according to Chacon’s affidavit.  Nobody was injured. Officers ran into the lobby with guns drawn and ordered Chacon to get out of the car, video shows. He was forced to lay on the ground before he was taken into custody without incident. He did not need medical attention and was put in a holding cell where he voluntarily spoke with police. According to the affidavit, there have been at least 90 calls for Chacon over the last few years, during which he reported “strange happenings that have been unfounded.” He had called police multiple times in days leading up to the crash and would swear at officers on the phone and then hang up out of frustration, according to the arrest affidavit. It’s not clear what he had reported to them. Chacon told police that on Thursday morning he was “being followed” by several vehicles as he drove out of the city, causing him to take side strides to avoid his pursuers. Video from outside of the police department shows the full-size pickup whip into the parking lot before taking a sharp left turn through the front doors without any hesitation. He told police that when he drove into the parking lot  “he did not want to be killed, so he chose to drive into the lobby.” He told the officer he knew it was a “dumb” idea, but felt he had to do it “in order to be heard.” Chacon was arrested and charged with attempted murder, attempted assault, attempted vehicular assault, criminal mischief and reckless endangerment. Damages to the lobby, entrance doors and bullet proof window panes are estimated to be over $100,000 but less than $1,000,000, police said.