Although we don’t know which teams will be competing in Super Bowl LVII going into the final weekend of the NFL’s regular season, we can safely say that tickets are already going for top dollar. At the time of publication, the lowest price we could find on seats was $4844 before fees on Vivid Seats for the Feb. 12 game at State Farm Stadium in Glendale, Ariz. If you want to sit in the lower level, prices get even wilder. Tickets behind the end zone start at $6247 before fees. Not good enough? You’ll have to shell out at least $13,606 before fees if you want to sit at the 50-yard line on the lower level at Glendale’s State Farm Stadium. While all of the above may seem steep, considering we don’t know which teams will make it — the Eagles? Chiefs? Giants? Bills? — we can guarantee you that, at the very least, you will see Rihanna perform at halftime if you attend. And given how exciting the last few Super Bowls have been, you may even witness history. All prices listed above are subject to fluctuation.  Who will be playing in this year’s Super Bowl is anyone’s guess. However, now that the league’s best teams have presented themselves as the 2022-2023 season comes to a close, we at least know who is in the running. From the NFC, the Eagles, 49ers, Vikings, Buccaneers, Cowboys and Giants have clinched playoff spots. The Seahawks, Lions and Packers are all battling for the final spot as we head into Week 18. In the AFC, the Chiefs, Bills, Bengals, Chargers and Ravens are shoo-ins this year. Duking it out for the final spots in the last weekend are the Jaguars, Patriots, Dolphins, Steelers and Titans. In the wake of the shocking Damar Hamlin injury in last week’s Bengals-Bills game, the NFL recently proposed a plan to find a neutral site to play a make-up game should the Ravens defeat the Bengals this weekend.  Need to book last-minute plane and hotel tickets to Glendale? We recommend securing your flights and lodging plans via the always-reliable Expedia. Want to see what else is out there? Try Hotels.com, a top-notch alternative with low-cost options.  While the big game featuring Rihanna is set to take place Sunday, there will be plenty to see Thursday through Saturday before Super Bowl LVII gets underway. On Thursday, Feb. 9, Paramore and a yet-to-be-announced special guest will headline night one of the Bud Light Super Bowl Music Fest at Phoenix’s Footprint Center. Night two has Dave Matthews Band and DJ Pee Wee, aka Anderson.Paak (performing an all-vinyl set) leading the charge at the Footprint Center. Finally, the last night of the fest has Imagine Dragons and Kane Brown on the bill. Of course, you also won’t want to miss out on Shaq’s Fun House at Salt River Grand Ballroom at Talking Stick Resort on Friday, Feb. 10. The NBA Hall of Fame center turned commentator, and DJ is bringing along Snoop Dogg, Diplo and his son Myles O’Neal. No matter what ticket prices are for that event — we guarantee they’re worth it.