This marketing image is a better fit for a horror film than a house. A subtle, seasonal slip in the photos selected to advertise this England property have earned it a dubious amount of internet viral fame. This three-bedroom home in Clifton, Nottingham, is mostly unremarkable — the two-story brick structure is priced at a reasonable $222,000 and photos of the interior show a humble family-oriented abode with wall-to-wall carpeting and plenty of natural light. Social media denizens, however, were quick to notice a standout oddity after the house listed on the platform Rightmove: Despite its average appearance, two things are very, very wrong. Namely, there’s part of a bloody “keep out” sign visible in a mirror over the living room fireplace — and a grim reaper appears to be lurking just outside the front window. The haunted house-level details, it turns out, are leftover Halloween decorations that unfortunately made it into the listing. Agents with Bairstow Eves said the owner was quite unhappy when he realized the current building residents had forgotten to remove the horror decor before taking listing photos. He’s concerned the image will “affect his property’s marketing,” according to Kennedy News. (The listing further describes the home as being a “super investment,” complete with an entrance hall, a lounge, a utility room, off-road parking and an enclosed rear garden.) Online commenters made clear that his fears were in fact very valid. “Do you think that is part of the Halloween theme, or the seller is just a little bit ‘odd’?” wrote one. “Is the grim specter of death waiting for the new owner?” questioned another. Others defended the festive quirks, expressing empathy to fellow procrastinators who also fail to take down holiday decorations in a timely manner. “Seller is probably me. Still have Halloween window stickers up from last year as well as our ‘Santa stop here’ window sign,” said one. A second added “It took three years before I agreed to take down the Halloween bat garland.”