When Yuta Watanabe was growing up a decade ago, he had to idolize stars half a world away, players like Kobe Bryant who didn’t look like him or sound like him. Now? He’s the so-called “Chosen One” in his native Japan, a basketball pied piper so popular in his homeland he’s not only made the Nets the country’s most followed team, but also is spurring the growth of the league itself. It’s a role — and responsibility —  the 6-foot-9 backup forward takes seriously. “Yeah, obviously I haven’t talked to all the young guys, but I hope that’s been the case,” Watanabe told The Post. “When I came to the U.S. when I was 18, I said I want to be one of the pioneers, and I hope a lot of our younger guys are going to follow me after seeing my success. And I think I’m having a successful season now; a lot of young guys are watching me play and I hope they look at me and [say], ‘I want to be an NBA player.’” At this point, Watanabe has proven himself as such. After breaking in as a Grizzlies two-way, then becoming a fan favorite the past two seasons in Toronto before he was let go last summer, Watanabe has been Brooklyn GM Sean Marks’ latest find. Watanabe has become a key rotation player for a star-studded title contender, and a legitimate threat to win the league’s 3-point shooting crown. Whether it’s the career year he’s having or playing alongside Kevin Durant and Kyrie Irving; whatever the case, Watanabe — who married Japanese actress/model/TV presenter Akiko Kuji last year — has gone from popular to iconic back home. “All of the above,” NBA.com Japan writer Daisuke Sugiura told The Post. “He’s obviously playing so well this year, and playing with Kevin Durant, Kyrie Irving and Ben Simmons is helping his popularity big time in my opinion. “Basketball is not the most popular sport in Japan, but people who like basketball know about those guys, especially KD, who just won a gold medal in Tokyo. Yuta got their trust, it seems like. An undrafted guy, who did not even have a guaranteed contract, is helping a contender now and even developing some chemistry with all those superstars. This is a great story. It’s just really hard not to root for him.” Even the coach of that contender agreed, Jacque Vaughn is as taken with Watanabe’s story as those on the outside. “It’s cool to see,” Vaughn said. “I just think back to when I was a kid and my immediate impact was me seeing which Lakers I could hopefully become one day. Now you’ve got kids in Japan thinking, How can I be the next Yuta Watanabe? “He gives hope to kids who want to play hoops in Japan, and seeing someone that looks like them, and to be able to aspire to be; that’s pretty cool. And for him to be proud of it, and own it, but at the same time know he’s in the NBA and a lot of people respect that for [a] reason, he’s put in the work and he deserves to be here.” Vaughn wasn’t the only basketball-loving kid who grew up idolizing a Laker. Watanabe was born in Kagawa Prefecture and moved to Miki, a little town of roughly 20,000. And while his father, mother and sister Yuki all played pro ball — his mom Kumi even played for Japan’s national team — Watanabe had to look 9,000 miles away for his NBA inspiration, watching Bryant. His journey to the NBA was even further. Back at Jinsei Gakuen High School, Watanabe set the unheard-of goal of making it to an NCAA Division 1 program, and eventually, the NBA. In 2013, he packed up and enrolled at prep power St. Thomas More in Connecticut, and parlayed his lone year there into a full ride to George Washington — the first Japanese-born player to ever earn a D1 scholarship. From the A-10 to undrafted Summer League invite, from two-way contract to earning a spot in Brooklyn’s rotation, Watanabe has blazed a trail for others — those like Nebraska’s Keisei Tominaga (a lefty shooter from Japan like him) and more to follow. “Before, there was no [path],” Watanabe said. “I didn’t even know how to get to D1. But a lot of guys want to come to the U.S., play basketball at the high level. That’s a good sign for Japanese basketball. I get a lot of DMs, comments, so it’s been great to see a lot of Japanese fans following me, cheering for me; so I just want to keep having the successful season.” That season has been more successful than the Nets had any right to expect. Inked on a non-guaranteed deal, he’ll come into Sunday’s game vs. Oklahoma City shooting .519 from deep, just one 3-pointer shy of qualifying for the league lead. More than technique or tactics, if Watanabe has given young Japanese players anything to emulate it’s the sweat equity that earned him a place in the league. “You see it with the way he works,” Vaughn said. “Any off day, Yuta’s there. Any opportunity to get better, Yuta’s doing it. That’s the way of seeing the ownership he’s taken upon himself, that he doesn’t want to let this opportunity go by. He’s 28 years old and had a lot going on to get to this point and is really grabbing hold of it now.” There are more than 19 million NBA fans in Japan, per a YouGov Japan Global Fan Study 2022. The success of Watanabe (and, to an extent, fellow Japanese native Rui Hachimura) has been boosting that figure. “The fan base in Japan is growing,” Watanabe said. “Basketball is getting more popular. Baseball is huge, and soccer is huge in Japan, too; but me and Rui playing in the NBA, that’s really helping Japanese basketball. And the B League, they’re doing a great job, too. … So basketball is getting better the last three, four years.” The Nets were the most-watched team on the NBA Rakuten streaming service through Jan. 2, their viewership up 83 percent from last year, when, minus Watanabe, they were fourth. Viewership is up 2.5 times higher when Watanabe plays. Watanabe’s highlights on NBA Japan’s Twitter garner 20 to 25 times that of the average post. And as of New Year’s Eve, he was leading all jersey sales on NBAStore.jp, up nearly five-fold from his sales of last season. “Yuta Watanabe has been one of the most popular NBA players in Japan since he was drafted in 2018, but his impact this season, together with the general energy and enthusiasm around the NBA in Japan, has taken his popularity to the next level,” NBA Asia Managing Director Ramez Sheikh said. “Not only is this a function of Yuta’s individual success this season, but he’s playing a key role for a contending team at the top of the Eastern Conference standings.” Recent surveys show more than 30 percent of fans in China and the Philippines view the NBA as their favorite sport; and the league has long made both nations a priority. Japan has a longstanding love affair with baseball; but with the world’s third-biggest economy, at $5 trillion, it’s no shock the NBA has become determined to make inroads there. “There’s considerable momentum for basketball and the NBA in Japan, and there’s no doubt that having a hometown hero like Yuta inspires fandom for our league and game,” Sheikh said. “We’re also committed to growing the NBA and expanding the larger basketball ecosystem in Japan.” Watanabe only helps toward that end. Sheikh attributed his popularity to having a career-year, playing on a contender alongside Durant and Irving and finally having found the right home in Brooklyn. But most of all, it’s fans responding to his story. “No question about it, Sugiura said. “He gave the Japanese basketball kids hope. He is not the most athletic guy, and wasn’t considered as a big time prospect. But he just keeps working hard and finding his way to survive in the NBA. “This is a classic underdog story Japanese people admire. Dreams do come true … I believe he deserved to be even more popular and famous in Japan, but a lot of kids who love basketball now have a role model. His name is Yuta Watanabe.”