I’m bored in my job. I’ve been here for 10 years, and each year around I say that I am going to make a change this time, but the thought of starting a job search and being somewhere new seems so daunting that I never follow through. Any advice? There is a science as to why most of us never follow through on new year resolutions, which aren’t just about losing weight or kicking a habit but about making career changes, too. Basically, our behaviors are hard-wired and if we set a goal that is too broad and ambitious it’s harder to make the change. So, instead of saying that you are going to change careers — which is a daunting thought — set more achievable goals, such as: updating your resume; reaching out to two search companies; making three new networking contacts; attending an industry function. Make these resolutions time bound. Before you know it, you’ll be in full job search swing. I’m skilled at job interviews when I’m asked specific questions, but whenever the interviewer says something like, “tell me what you’d like me to know” or some similar question, I don’t know where to begin and get flustered. Do you have any tips on how to answer open-ended questions like that? Most applicants prepare for a job interview as if it’s a Q&A session, or worse, a quiz, but if you’re too rehearsed for specific questions then you’ll have a harder time adapting to the style of the interviewer. Every interview is about getting to know the candidate better. The interviewer is trying to find out what will it be like working with that individual, what they know about the industry, company and job and how their experience makes them a top candidate for the role. They’ve already read your resume, so prepare as if you had 20 minutes uninterrupted to tell your story, covering those topics. Master your narrative and you’ll be prepared for any interview. Gregory Giangrande has over 25 years of experience as a chief human resources executive. Hear Greg Weds. at 9:35 a.m. on iHeartRadio 710 WOR with Len Berman and Michael Riedel. E-mail: GoToGreg@NYPost.com. Follow: GoToGreg.com and on Twitter: @GregGiangrande