An influencer wannabe was apparently attacked after seemingly cutting a long line at a packed New Year’s Eve event in Nashville and proclaiming that she is “obnoxiously beautiful” as her apparent defense. TikToker @desi.self shared a viral video of a fight breaking out between a young woman who apparently cut the beer line — with another woman then confronting her. In the video, @desi.self explained that three women walked up and cut to the front of the reportedly 40-minute line for the beer tent. People in the line are heard grumbling as one woman goes up to confront the “rude” gals. The supposed line-cutter began recording the confrontation when the other woman smacked the phone to the ground and walked away after apparently asking her to stop recording. The young woman appeared shocked after having her phone knocked out of her hands and picked her device back up to continue recording as the woman in line behind her tried to hide her face. “I’m obnoxiously beautiful, you ugly old b–ch, you f–king stank a– b–ch. I will beat you the f–k up,” the influencer wannabe threatened in her expletive-filled rant as she filmed herself telling the other woman off. People in line seemed to grow increasingly annoyed, shouting at the entitled young woman who continued the disturbance, sticking her tongue out and holding up the line. “Yo, bro, she has 70,000 followers on TikTok,” a young man in a cowboy hat said, mocking her to the crowd as he walked away with his beers. The young woman and her friends ordered drinks and seemed to continue to harass the woman who complained before walking away with their drinks. That’s when the other woman snapped around and yanked the line-cutter’s long, blond hair, apparently pulling her to the ground. She was helped up by her friends and angrily reacted by throwing one of the drinks at her attacker. She quickly followed the woman into the crowd but appeared to back off as the video ended. The video of the cat fight went viral on TikTok with more than 103,900 views and hundreds of comments, including one from a woman named Shannon Unck, who appears to be identifying herself as the attacker. “Hi…I’m not that old….gawd,” Unck commented on the video. The 34-year-old had posted videos attending the same New Years Eve event in Nashville, where she lives, according to social media. TikToker @lexiiisofly, who has 17,000 followers, admitted that she was the woman who cut the line in a TikTok video posted on Monday. “Me to the old lady who felt she had the right to physically assault me bc I jumped a line and now she has to go to jail,” Lexi captioned the clip, which was paired with a viral sound of TikTok user @princessazula0 saying, “You know what it never was? That serious. It was never that serious.” The Post was unable to confirm whether any charges have been filed in connection with the altercation. Lexi posted a video compilation of her holiday night out in Nashville, where she apparently flew in with a friend, showing her in what appeared to be the same outfit and attending the event seen in the fight video. She also claimed to have posted several videos on TikTok explaining her side of the story but said they were removed from the app. The Post has reached out to both Unck and Lexi for comment but neither one replied immediately.