She might be the only one who is McLovin’ it. One TikTok foodie shared a McDonald’s burger hack — one that includes everything from the “air, land and sea” — but it doesn’t seem like it’ll be flying off the shelves anytime soon. Raina Huang, who goes by @rainaiscrazy on TikTok, showed off her fast food creation, which featured a Big Mac burger from McDonald’s stacked with a piece of Filet-o-Fish, and a chicken patty from their McChicken sandwich. In the video, which has gained over 90,000 views, Huang demonstrated to viewers how to build the sandwich, which involved disassembling a Filet-o-Fish and McChicken and layering it into the Big Mac. “Have you ever tried this?” Huang wrote in the caption. “Land air and sea burger.” She also suggested an order of french fries to top off the meal. Although Huang might have enjoyed her delicious creation, some viewers thought it was a big McSteak, with one person even calling it a “disaster.” “These ‘hacks’ are a total disaster,” the person wrote. Another agreed, writing, “Raina, I love you, but this is the first time I’ve gagged at one of your videos.” “No thanks I’ll pass ,” a viewer shared. One person even called the hack a “trap” in order to get people to spend more money. “I’m not falling for that trap to spend more money,” they claimed. “Yeah for $25,” another commented. Depending on where you live, a Filet-o-Fish can cost anywhere from $4 to $7, according to Mc-Menu.com, while a McChicken can set you back anywhere from $1 to $3. A Big Mac usually costs $3.99, as stated by Fast Food Menu Prices. However, Huang is not the only TikToker to have tried the creative cuisine — there are dozens of users on the app who have made videos taste-testing the DIY sandwich. In one tasting video, creator Evan Causey, better known as @eatwithevan, labeled the monstrosity as something that “feels illegal but isn’t.” “I think the only reason McDonald’s even made this is to trick people on TikTok into eating it and giving free advertising,” Causey joked at the end of his review. “Not gonna fly, Ronald.”