Prince Harry continued to slam his family, accusing some of them of having “gone to bed with the devil” to burnish their public image and of showing “no willingness to reconcile” in an interview aired Sunday ahead of the release of his new memoir “Spare.” Harry — whose book will hit stores Jan. 10 but accidentally went on sale in Spain last week — told interviewer Tom Bradby on UK-based ITV 1 there can’t be a recovery between him and the rest of the family without truth and accountability. He insisted some would rather help their public profile instead of improving their relationship with him. “After many, many years of lies being told about me and my family and there comes a point where, you know, again, going back to the relationship between certain members of the family and the tabloid press, those certain members have decided to get in the bed with the devil,” Harry said. When Bradby asked if those members did so to rehabilitate their image, Harry replied, “If you need to do that, or you want to do that, you choose to do that. Well, that is a choice. That’s up to you. But the moment that the rehabilitation comes at the detriment of others, me and other members of my family, then that’s where I draw the line.” Harry said over the six years he’s attempted to do “everything” to get through to his family and insisted it “never needed to get to this point.” “I’ve had conversations, I’ve written letters, I’ve written emails and everything is just ‘no, this is not happening. You’re imagining it.’ And that’s really hard to take,” Harry said. The Duke of Sussex argued he wants his father and brother back even as he complained about how the royal family has treated him. He said he believes competition between him and his wife Meghan Markle and his brother and sister-in-law, Kate Middleton, has damaged his relationship with Prince William. He said there’s been no willingness to patch things up in the family when asked if the memoir and series of interviews could make the situation even worse. “Well they’ve shown absolutely no willingness to reconcile up to this point,” Harry said. “And I’m not sure how honesty is burning bridges.” Harry also said during the wide-ranging interview he would have “100%” hit his brother back after William shoved him over during a fight that he details in the book. He alleged William egged him to hit him back, but he refused. “And I can pretty guarantee today if I wasn’t doing therapy sessions like I was and being able to process that frustration that I would’ve fought back. One hundred percent,” Harry said. “But I didn’t because I was in a more comfortable place with my own anger. “He wanted me to hit him back but I chose not to.” Harry also touched on his mother’s tragic 1997 death and said he believes there are “a lot of things that are unexplained” into the car crash in the Pont de l’Alma tunnel in Paris. But he made clear he didn’t “really see the point” of opening another inquiry. He looked back at reviewing some of the photos from the scene to better grasp what happened and talked about how his father broke the awful news of the crash to him. “I never want to be in that position, probably the reason we’re here now,” Harry said. “I never, ever want to be in that position. I don’t want history to repeat itself. I do not want to be a single dad and I certainly don’t want my children to have a life without a mother or father.”