Don’t do it, Woody. Resist the urge to channel your inner George Steinbrenner and start firing people. Instead, imitate another George that used to work for the Yankees — George Costanza and do the opposite of what your instincts tell you to do. By all accounts, Jets owner Woody Johnson is fuming with how this season has ended. Five straight losses will do that. Johnson should be upset and that anger might only grow Sunday if the Jets lose to the Dolphins and end the year on a six-game skid. But when Johnson evaluates the 2022 Jets season and his front office and coaching staff, he needs to remove the emotion and ask himself: Is this team better than it was two years ago when Robert Saleh was hired? Is this team better than one year ago? The answer to both of those questions is a resounding “Yes” and Johnson needs to see that. General manager Joe Douglas and coach Robert Saleh have the Jets heading in the right direction. They have built a top defense. They have two young offensive skill players to build around in Garrett Wilson and Breece Hall. They have a giant hole at quarterback that Douglas has to answer for, but it should not mean he gets a pink slip. Saleh has shown leadership throughout his two years here. He deftly handled the Elijah Moore trade demand this season and has reenergized the franchise. When Johnson sits him down for the season analysis, Saleh needs to explain how his team faded so badly down the stretch. Then, there is offensive coordinator Mike LaFleur. He seems to be the man the bull’s-eye has landed on now. The Jets have scored just four touchdowns in five games and fans are calling for his head. On Thursday, LaFleur took the blame, repeating that the offensive problems start with him. When asked why he is the right man for the job, LaFleur said: “I’m going to respectfully not answer that question. My words don’t matter there. I really mean that. I’m going to give everything I’ve got for these players and this organization. That’s all you can do.” With the way the offense has performed, I understand the argument to get rid of LaFleur, but I don’t agree with it. LaFleur is not the main problem with this offense. He has gotten poor quarterback play for nearly the entire two years he has been here. When you watch the game film, receivers are open but Jets quarterbacks simply can’t hit them. When the quarterbacks have played well, LaFleur’s offense has moved the ball and scored points. It just has not happened frequently enough. It is not just a quarterback issue. LaFleur’s offense also was dealt a massive blow in October when Hall and offensive lineman Alijah Vera-Tucker were lost to season-ending injuries on back-to-back offensive plays in Denver. The Jets had found an offensive identity through their running game and that disappeared when they lost two of their best players. There are certainly things LaFleur needs to improve on — sometimes he gets too pass happy, his red-zone play-calling and questionable deployment of his wide receivers early in the season — but remember he is in his second year as an offensive coordinator. Just like a young player, you have to give him time to grow. Give him a third season with a good quarterback and see what happens. If you want to add a veteran coach to the staff to help him, go for it. The other element of this is: who do you think is coming here to replace LaFleur? Any coach with options is not coming to the Jets. Saleh is going to be entering a make-or-break year. The Jets don’t have a quarterback and won’t have one in January when someone needs to be hired. You think Frank Reich is signing up for that to rebuild his reputation? It’s also time for the Jets to embrace stability for a change. The Jets have changed offensive coordinators more frequently then Spinal Tap replaced drummers. I’m still waiting for one to spontaneously combust. Since 2011, the Jets have had eight offensive coordinators. No one hired since then has lasted more than two years in the job. The Jets decided to go young in 2021 and try to grow that way. They need to stick with that plan. Do you think learning a new offense is going to help young players? The Jets need to fix the quarterback position this offseason and improve the offensive line. That needs to be where Johnson’s focus is right now, not which coach he should fire. Woody, you may get the urge to send people packing on Monday. Don’t do it.