After just four more quarters, one NFC team will advance to Super Bowl 2023. As for who it will be, well, that will be decided in the NFC Championship game on Sunday, Jan. 29 between Nick Sirianni’s Philadelphia Eagles and Kyle Shanahan’s San Francisco 49ers at Philadelphia’s Lincoln Financial Field. The 15-3 Eagles, led by the play of quarterback Jalen Hurts, wide receiver Devonta Smith and running back Kenneth Gainwell in their 38-7 NFC Divisional Round routing of the New York Giants, have home-field advantage. Is home-field important to the Eagles? Well, they’re 8-2 at home this year and 7-1 on the road; basically, they can win anywhere. As for their opponents, the 14-4 49ers, they don’t love playing on the road. Throughout the regular season, they went 5-3 when they were away from Levi’s Stadium. Plus, they’ll be starting rookie phenom Brock Purdy, who will become just the fifth quarterback to start an NFC Championship game in NFL history — all after he was the last pick in the 2022 NFL Draft. Will Purdy and the Niners ride their momentum to a huge victory? Or will Hurts and Co. easily oust the NFC West’s best team? All we know is the best way to find out is live. And, if you want to attend, you’re in luck because last-minute tickets are still available. At the time of publication, the lowest price we could find on tickets was $483 before fees on Vivid Seats. Lower-level seats start at $853 before fees. All prices are subject to fluctuation. Kickoff is at 3 p.m. EST. This won’t be the first time Jalen Hurts faced off against Brock Purdy. The two elite quarterbacks met in a November 2019 game between Hurts’ Oklahoma Sooners and Purdy’s Iowa State Cyclones. Although Purdy had previously dismantled the Sooners during the 2018 season, Hurts and his squad prevailed and won in epic fashion, eking out a tight 42-41 win. For more on Hurts’ college heroics, you can read the whole story here. Want more? Click here to read all of the NY Post’s coverage of the Eagles. Brock Purdy’s rise from last pick in the NFL draft to the NFC Championship game is unlikely, to say the least. How did Purdy’s stock sink so low? We recommend checking out his scouting report here if you want the full story. If you need more 49ers content in your life, click here to see everything the NY Post has written about the NFC West winners. As you might expect, the Eagles vs. 49ers game will be broadcast on Fox. Kevin Burkhardt and Greg Olsen will be in the booth; Erin Andrews and Tom Rinaldi will handle sideline duties. Streamers can pick up the winner-takes-all clash on NFL+. While it may be cold outside for the next few months, concert season is just starting to heat up. Here are just five of the biggest acts that you ought to check out in the next few months. • Bruce Springsteen and the E Street Band • Metallica • Morgan Wallen • George Strait • Dead and Company with John Mayer Want even more options? Check out our list of the 52 biggest concert tours in 2023 here.