Could life be imitating art? The sister of accused Idaho college killer Bryan Kohberger starred in a gory low-budget slasher movie where characters are brutally stabbed, slashed and hacked to death with knives and hatchets. Amanda Kohberger appeared as “Lori” in the 2011 flick “Two Days Back” about a group of young students who go hiking in the remote woods and meet their grisly end at the hands of a maniacal killer who has won their trust. It bears eerie similarities to the knife attacks in remote Moscow, Idaho, that left four young college friends stabbed to death in their beds, crimes of which Bryan now stands accused. “You’re f—king kidding me, her brother is that guy? Goddamn, man, holy cow,” said “Two Days Back” director Kevin Boon, when reached by The Post Wednesday. Boon, a professor of English and media studies at Penn State Mont Alto, explained he made the film with students and cast aspiring actress Amanda Kohberger after an open audition. “I remember her well. I directed the movie, wrote the movie, I cast her,” he said. “She is a lovely woman, who was very nice. I liked her a lot.” The film follows a group of “environmentally conscious students” who go into the woods “on a six-day mission to catch forestry students suspected of illegal foresting,” according to the film’s promotional materials. Things quickly go wrong, as students go missing and are found slashed by knives and left to bleed out, hacked with a hatchet, caught in a bear trap and at least one character is killed, then bound to a tree. Multiple students end up getting murdered by a twisted peer with a previously unknown connection to the woods — but not Amanda’s “Lori.” As things start to get weird, she flees and is seen safely back on campus at the end of the film. Lori “turns her back on the other people … and takes off, but she’s not one of the murdered,” said Boon. Meanwhile, Bryan faces very serious charges of murdering University of Idaho students Kaylee Goncalves, 21, Madison Mogen, 21, Xana Kernodle, 20 and Ethan Chapin, 20, as they slept in their beds on Nov. 13. Amanda, who now works as a licensed school counselor in Pennsylvania, was in court on Tuesday to support their brother before he was extradited to Idaho. She was joined by her sister, Melissa, and parents, Michael and Maryann. The family released a statement Sunday saying they stand by Bryan in order to “promote his presumption of innocence.” The alleged killer is expected to plead not guilty to the crimes. His Pennsylvania-based lawyer Jason LaBar previously said in a statement that Bryan “is eager to be exonerated of these charges.” One of Amanda Kohberger’s co-stars, Katherine Howard, told The Post the two “were friends when we made the film” but didn’t stay in touch. “I don’t know much about her family or anything, she was a very sweet girl, we got along great,” she said. Boon remembered Amanda Kohberger as “easy to work with” and said she “did a great job acting. “I know she had tried to get into movies. On low-budget movies, there’s a bunch of scummy kind of guys, but she was smart enough not to go for that stuff,” he said. “There was nothing weird about her,” Boon said. “I cannot believe that’s her brother.” Amanda’s page on IMDb doesn’t list any other acting credits. “Two Days Back” can be viewed online.