SALT LAKE CITY — Kyrie Irving carried the red-hot form he showed Thursday against the Suns over into Friday against the Jazz. And this time, the rest of the Nets showed up to play. The Nets, led by Irving’s season-high 48 points, pulled out a 117-106 victory over the Jazz before a sellout crowd of 18,206 at Vivint Arena. Unlike Thursday night against the Suns, the Nets played well enough for three quarters that Irving’s fourth-quarter brilliance was more than enough. In addition to scoring the most points by a Net in a game this season, Irving also had a season-high 11 rebounds and four steals. In short, he did it all, and did it when the Nets most needed it — for the second straight night, Irving erupted for 21 points in the fourth quarter. With the score tied 83-83 after the third quarter, the Nets outscored the Jazz 34-23 in the fourth to break their four-game skid for their first win since star Kevin Durant went down with a sprained right MCL against the Heat on Jan. 8. The back-and-forth affair with 12 lead changes and 11 ties was still knotted at 102-all after a Jordan Clarkson basket with 3:18 left, but Irving responded with a pull-up 3-pointer with three minutes left to give the Nets a lead they never surrendered. Center Nic Claxton (20 points) then had his fourth block of the night, rejecting a Clarkson finger roll. Seth Curry hit another 3-pointer to make it 108-102 with to go 2:18 in regulation, and Irving saw to it that it never got to overtime. “Every night I tried to put myself in that in that place, in that zone, specifically in the fourth quarter when it’s winning time,” Irving said. “But I just think the way we started off the game really made a difference. And then when the way we finished, I felt like we grew as a squad. “I trusted Seth in that corner 3. There was a few possessions where we just got a good shot attempt up, and that carried us through tonight. So I’m proud of you guys. Obviously it’s one win but when you own a bit of a losing streak, everything can feel exacerbated, everything could feel like it’s pressure. But I feel like we’re rising to the challenge. And tonight we proved it on the road.” The Nets (28-17) didn’t fix their flaws, as much as they overcame them. They still were outrebounded, and they committed too many fouls. But they found a way to win, with Claxton and a couple of timely stops proving enough. “Yeah, we talked about challenges are inevitable in your life and basketball, and defeat is an option. And so we decided not to take the option of being defeated,” coach Jacque Vaughn said. “With our spirit that way we responded to my message, to the honesty in film, they really took it upon themselves to hold each other accountable. “I think you really saw that throughout the course of the game on the floor in huddles. And that’s what you want from growth from this basketball team, is that’s when you communicate and you hold each other accountable. Then I can do all that other stuff.” The game was a seesaw affair. Irving scored seven points in a 14-0 Nets run, and his 15-foot jumper put the Nets ahead 16-5 with 6:40 left in the first quarter. A Clarkson bucket snapped the run, but Royce O’Neale drilled a 3-pointer to put the Nets up 24-11 with 4:37 left in the first. They couldn’t hold the lead and trailed 67-61 early in the second half after an all-too-easy Walker Kessler dunk. But the Nets responded with a 17-5 run to swing the momentum again. O’Neale found Yuta Watanabe for a huge 3-pointer to cap the spurt and put the Nets ahead 78-72 with 2:55 left in the third. The score was tied at 92-all after a Collin Sexton reverse with 8:27 to play, but that’s when the Nets edged ahead with seven unanswered points. Two Curry free throws 17 seconds later gave the Nets the lead. Then Claxton followed with an alley-oop, and an Irving 3-pointer made it 99-92 with 7:24 to play. They never trailed again. Clarkson (29 points) tied it at 102-all, but that’s when the Nets won it.