ATLANTA — Tom Thibodeau said Mitchell Robinson was in “good spirits” after he had surgery Thursday to repair a fractured right thumb. “He’s been through it before so I think he understands what he has to do. He’ll help any way he can, so he’ll be engaged with the team and stuff,” Thibodeau said before the Knicks’ 139-124 loss to the Hawks. “It’s unfortunate, but it’s part of the game. Next guy get in there, get the job done. Obviously, you don’t replace a guy like Mitch individually. You have to do it collectively. Everyone’s got to pitch in, get it done.” Robinson also missed chunks of time during the 2020-21 season with a broken hand and season-ending foot injury. Thibodeau added that he’s unsure how long Robinson will be sidelined beyond being reevaluated in three weeks, as the Knicks indicated. He reiterated he is comfortable with Isaiah Hartenstein and Jericho Sims sharing time at center in Robinson’s absence, and that he also can employ a smaller lineup at times with Julius Randle at center based on matchups. Thibodeau has been impressed with Sims’ work ethic and ability to fill in at multiple positions during previous injury absences for Robinson and Obi Toppin. “That’s what we loved about him from his rookie year, like, as soon as got drafted, he’s been a great guy to be around, great teammate, great worker,” Thibodeau said of the team’s 2021 second-round pick. “I think you can see all the areas that he’s improved upon. And I know the people that were working him out [before the draft], and we felt like there was a big upside to him.” “Obviously the easy part to see is the athleticism but also his touch with the ball, right and left hand in the paint, his passing ability, the way he can run the floor, and all the things that he’s doing defensively. But I think the big thing is the way he works. I think with that type of work ethic, his competitiveness, he’ll continue to get better and better.” Sims started in place of Robinson, finishing with 12 points and eight rebounds in 28 minutes. Toppin, a Brooklyn native, is backing the Giants in their playoff game Saturday against the Eagles, Jalen Brunson’s favorite team. “I ain’t gonna lie. I am a fake Giants fan. That’s just because I want Jalen to lose,” Toppin said. “I still love the Giants, though. I’m from New York. I’ve got to love the Giants. I love them more than the Jets.”