Some people like their Valentine’s Day sweet, and some like it hot. For those who prefer sweetness, there’s options: teddy bears and flowers, cookies to order, a bed of roses, you know the drill. But what about those amongst us who’d prefer a spicy Valentine’s Day? Those for whom the annual candlelit dinner could be hotter. Who balk at the idea of ordering-in chocolate, unless they could add a dab of something to take their experience to the next level. Heat-seekers, rejoice. Your Valentine’s Day plans may be single-handedly saved by the team at Truff, the trusted, vegan-friendly, gluten-free, truffle-infused, and reliably spicy hot sauce brand. You may remember Truff from its inclusion on the Oprah’s Favorite Things List around the holidays last year. There’s really no two ways to say it: if Truff is good enough for Oprah, it’s good enough for us. Better yet, Truff is offering a 30% off sale on some of their bestsellers now until Feb. 8 with promo code VDAY30. If you’re still looking for a blisteringly-good gift for the hot sauce lover in your life, Truff has you covered. Below, we’ve put together a brief list of three of our favorite Truff products, all marked down 30% this Valentine’s Day. Read on, click through, and get spicy. Just make sure you remember to wash your hands after you eat. New to Truff? Use code VDAY30 to score over $20 off their Best Sellers Pack this Valentine’s Day, and sample some of their biggest hits, including their Signature Black Truffle Hot Sauce, White Truffle Hot Sauce, and Black Truffle Oil with your boo. It’ll be an adventure, and the price, if we do say so ourselves, is hot. Warning: the following three products are very, very hot. If even that doesn’t dissuade you, the Spicy Lovers Pack from Truff will make the perfect gift for you or your partner this Valentine’s Day. Described by Truff themselves as the “hottest gift of the season,” the Spicy Lovers Pack comes with Truff’s Hotter Hot Sauce, White Hotter Hot Sauce, and Spicy Arrabbiata Pasta Sauce, all for 30% off. Ready to cool it down a little yet? Look no further than Truff’s Truffle Lovers Pack, featuring their most umami-rich offerings, including their Signature Black Truffle Hot Sauce, Black Truffle Pomodoro Pasta Sauce, and Black Truffle Oil, all in a handsome box, and available for just $48 this Valentine’s Day. For more content, check out the New York Post Shopping section.