Freshman Rep. Nick LaLota (R-NY) joined other New York Republicans on Wednesday in demanding Rep. George Santos (R-NY) resign, calling him “unworthy of the office.” “What he’s done is disgraceful, dishonorable and unworthy of the office. I think he should resign,” LaLota told Axios on Wednesday. The Long Island congressman added that Santos’ antics since arriving in DC under a cloud of controversy stemming from his lies about his religion, education, and employment history underline the need for him to step down. “He hasn’t shown any remorse, he hasn’t corrected any of the behavior. He still has antics like showing a white power sign on the House floor. It’s not appropriate for our conference, for our country,” LaLota said. Another member of New York’s congressional delegation, Rep. Andrew Garbarino (R-N.Y.), told Axios Wednesday, “I can’t comment on [Santos] because I’m on the Ethics investigation subcommittee.” Two House Democrats, Reps. Ritchie Torres of the Bronx and Daniel Goodman, who represents parts of Brooklyn and Lower Manhattan, filed a complaint against Santos to the House Ethics Committee earlier this week. Rep. Anthony D’Esposito (R-N.Y.) became the first of Santos’ House GOP colleagues to call for his resignation, saying in a statement on Wednesday that “It has become clear that Congressman George Santos’ many hurtful lies and mistruths surrounding his history have irreparably broken the trust of the residents he is sworn to serve. For his betrayal of the public’s trust, I call on Congressman George Santos to resign.” Top Republicans in Nassau County also demanded Wednesday that the lying congressman from New York’s 3rd Congressional District resign, calling him a “fraud.” Nassau County Republican Chairman Joseph Cairo said Santos had “disgraced the House of Representatives” and waged a campaign of “deceits, lies and fabrications” in order to win his 2022 midterm election race. Keeping track of all of NY Rep.-elect George Santos’ lies, from his education to charity falsehoods New York GOP Chairman Rep. Nick Langworthy (R-N.Y.) said in a statement on Wednesday that he supported the Nassau County GOP’s call for Santos’ resignation. “It’s clear that he cannot be an effective representative and it would be in the best interest of the taxpayers to have new leadership. I will continue working with our local elected officials to ensure that trust and dignity are restored to the 3rd congressional district,” Langworthy said. The GOP calls for Santos to resign come as even more shady behavior from the embattled congressman has been uncovered. The Washington Post reported on Wednesday that Santos received payments from a company accused by the Securities and Exchange Commission of running a Ponzi scheme that he did not disclose while running for office, as required. Harbor City Capitol, a financial services company where Santos served as a regional director, paid Santos as recently as April 2021, according to the news outlet, a month after he had said he left the company, income Santos allegedly did not divulge on a financial disclosure form as he ran for Congress. It was unclear how much money Santos received from Harbor City Capitol in that alleged April 2021 payment. Santos twice told reporters on Capitol Hill Wednesday that he “will not” resign. “I was elected to serve the people of #NY03 not the party & politicians, I remain committed to doing that and regret to hear that local officials refuse to work with my office to deliver results to keep our community safe and lower the cost of living.I will NOT resign!” Santos later tweeted.