Step aside, Santa. A British grandmother doesn’t need a whole year to work on next year’s Christmas gifts — she’s already bought and wrapped tons of them. The savvy shopper, Tina Quarrell, posted the humble brag in a Facebook Group called “The magical holidays of Christmas” on Dec. 31, claiming that much of her 2023 Christmas hauls are complete. “I have six adult children, 16 grandchildren, then all the birthdays in between,” Quarrell wrote, adding a photo of eight wrapped gifts, plus a notepad for keeping track of what she bought and for whom. She explained that her family is celebrating “three big birthdays,” as well as her middle daughter’s upcoming marriage this year — so, she likes to stay “organized.” But Quarrell also shopped for herself. She said she put Christmas cards and Christmas Eve boxes aside for her and her youngest daughter. She’s additionally stashing away Christmas pajamas that match her daughter’s wrapping paper, money “wallets” and ornaments. “I will continue buying throughout the year and hope to be finished by the end of November,” Quarrell said. She won’t need to visit the stores for Easter, either, as Quarrell added that she even thought ahead and picked up some Easter candy and decorations, too. In reply to a commenter, she explained her reasoning for starting so soon: This past holiday she was in a “panic” because she was still shopping on Christmas Eve. “I have to do this as I have a lot of family then I panic that I won’t get all I need and because I didn’t start early enough,” she wrote, adding that her recent ordeal “stressed me out and sent my anxiety through the roof so hopefully doing this was I won’t have the stress and worry near the time and I don’t have to buy Christmas Eve.” Many followers praised her “enthusiasm and energy” and saluted her for being “very well organized,” as well as “inspiring.” One other person even said they themselves had already “taken care of” shopping for 10 adults. For some, though, it was too much, too soon. “This all gives me a panic mode,” wrote one Grinch. “I must de stress before I can start again.” Another saw a potential problem with little ones’ fluid interests: “My younger boys’ interests change so much during a year period, there is no way I could do this but I sure wish!” However, they’re not the only ones who may not follow her lead. A mom went viral on TikTok in December for refusing to buy traditional Christmas toys for her kids to open under the tree. Shoppers for the Christmas 2022 holiday reportedly bought fewer electronics, furniture and some types of clothing compared to the previous year.