He’s really on top of things. A TikToker, who goes by the handle @brandonkbye, outsmarted an NYC club bouncer after he was dress-coded at the door for not wearing a shirt. Brandon was ready to party into the new year when he was denied entry to the club for wearing a blazer sans shirt underneath — with just 11 minutes until midnight. With moments to spare, Brandon sprinted to a local CVS and purchased a lacy bandeau top, so he could properly ring in 2023 at the venue. “POV 11 min before midnight on NYE, the bouncer won’t let you in without a shirt under your blazer but the CVS a block over sells bandeaus,” reads the text on his viral TikTok clip, which shows him scrambling to pull the skin-tight lace over his head. He quickly fastens his blazer buttons and attempts to get back in the club – this time, succeeding. His video racked up 3.2 million views in just a day, and he assured viewers that his quick thinking paid off. “It did in fact work and you best believe i took it off the second i walked in, unbuttoned the blazer and walked around without a f – – k to give,” he wrote in the comments. Meanwhile, other users complimented the final look, applauding his outfit and saying it was a “slay.” “Honestly goes hard tho,” one user wrote. “Wait why do i like it lmao,” commented another. “A SLAY,” someone else agreed. “11 mins before … the way I’d be stressing,” one shocked user said. “i walked away without fighting but eveyrone [sic] in line behind me called him out on double standards,” Brandon’s caption read. Due to a canceled flight home, the TikToker was stranded near Manhattan just before New Year’s Eve, leaving him no choice but to venture into the city for the holiday, he revealed in a previous clip. Clearly, his spontaneous excursion into the Big Apple paid off, as he got to send off 2022 in style. “I don’t have a plan, I don’t know what the goal is, but we’re gonna see,” he said in a clip in which he’s standing on a train platform waiting for his ride into the city.