“Tell ’em that it’s my birthday, when I party like that…” Or, tell Sephora that it’s your birthday when the time comes, because you don’t want to skip out on the brand’s much-anticipated batch of birthday goodies that all Beauty Insider members can redeem for free this year. Sephora unveiled its much-anticipated 2023 birthday gift offerings on Wednesday to kick off the New Year with a beauty-infused bang, and we couldn’t be more excited about the assortment of brands, from Dior to Glow Recipe and ILIA and OUAI. Sephora’s birthday gifts are available to all three tiers of Beauty Insider members (Insider, VIB and Rouge) during their birthday month, in store and online. Even better, Sephora will also be offering four rotating gifts exclusively on Sephora.com for VIB and Rouge clients, beginning with Farmacy. Sephora Beauty Insider members will also have the option to receive 250 Beauty Insider points in lieu of a physical gift (after all, don’t we want to save for that 500-pointer)? Conveniently, Sephora members can redeem this year’s birthday gift at Sephora at Kohl’s and Kohls.com in the U.S. While Dior won’t be available at Kohl’s, you’ll still have access to Glow Recipe, ILIA and OUAI, along with an exclusive Sephora at Kohl’s fragrance gift set from Maison Margiela. Ahead, see some of the full-sized products you can expect to receive this year from Sephora’s 2023 birthday gift offerings (you know, just in case you want to snag them early and save the travel-sized product for a future vacation). Please note that the below items are in miniature sizing and complete in the brand’s respective birthday gift sets. Available at Sephora and Sephora.com only The scent of millefiori, in a few short words: a fragrance with a thousand flowers with a thousand colors. This irresistible floral bouquet celebrates the velvety sensuality ofcentifolia rose, heightened by a fresh lily of the valley and spicy peony and envelopedby a powdery iris. This captivating blend of Calabrian bergamot, nutmeg and vanilla absolute will have you dreaming of Sauvage after each night’s sleep. It exudes sensuality and mystery inspired by the magic hour of twilight in the desert, uniquely. Glow Recipe’s Watermelon Glow Niacinamide Dew Drops is a TikTok-viral, effective and multi-use serum bottle that helps brighten and visibly reduce hyperpigmentation over time, while delivering an instant, dewy glow— all without mica, glitter or pearls. Glow Recipe’s Watermelon Glow PHA + BHA Pore-Tight Toner is a best-selling, gentle and PHA- and BHA-infused watermelon toner that hydrates skin and helps minimize the appearance of pores. If you’re seeking one of the best mascaras we reviewed, the ILIA Limitless Lash Lengthening Clean Mascara is one we’re still raving about. It’s a thoughtfully formulated,award-winning, cult-favorite mascara that lifts, lengthens, curls and separates lashes without flaking or smudging. An award-winning, buildable wash of color for cheeks and lips, the ILIA Multi-Stick is a product worth tossing into your makeup bag to instantly wake up the skin. Plus, its twist-up stick makes for easy application on the go. As one of the best shampoos we reviewed, OUAI’s Detox Shampoo is a clarifying shampoo that deeply cleanses away dirt, oil, and product buildup with apple cider vinegar, while keratin helps strengthen hair. To pair after your hair wash, the OUAI Detangling & Frizz-Fighting Leave-In Conditioner helps detangle hair and protects against heat and damage to reduce frizz and flyaways. This exclusive-to-Sephora body cleanser is infused with OUAI’s St. Barts scent, featuring notes of dragon fruit, orange blossom, tuberose and baltic amber. It newly launched in a travel size, too (but you can wait for your birthday gift for that, wink wink). OUAI’s Melrose Place Eau De Parfum is a velvety rich rose fragrance with hints of bergamot, lychee, cedar wood and white musk — one of our favorite fresh scents, too. Available at Sephora at Kohl’s and Kohls.com only Maison Margiela’s ‘REPLICA’ Beach Walk is a fresh scent inspired by salty air and rays of sun where bergamot and pink pepper fuse with lemon atop a floral perfume of heliotrope, coconut milk and musk. This warm scent combines orange flower, clove oil and chestnut atop a comforting vanilla fragrance to re-create the signature warmth and coziness of a crackling fire. If you want to smell cozy, this fragrance has the it-factor. With this scent, you’ll be drawn to its smooth cocktail of warm scents and spicy fragrances that help awaken the senses with contrasting lemon and pink pepper followed by neroli oil, rum and vanilla perfume atop smoky tobacco leaf. This set is the first online rotating gift available to Sephora VIB and Rouge members only. Meet one of our favorite makeup removers. Like, ever. This award-winning face cleansermelts away stubborn makeup, SPF, dirt and oil, leaving skin hydrated with zero residue. The Farmacy Honey Halo Ultra-Hydrating Ceramide Moisturizer is especially apt for dry skin and helps replenish distressed skin with a visibly plump and luscious base. Plus, it helps improve the look of fine lines, making it just as good for mature skin. This warming honey face mask helps bring intense hydration, nourishment and love to the skin’s moisture barrier, thanks to ceramides, up-cycled apple, and cica. Not to mention, it’ll do your skin good on a self-care day. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.