It isn’t too late to pull together an impromptu last-minute road trip to Philly. If you’re a Giants fan, this is the perfect opportunity because the Big Blue have advanced to the NFC Divisional Round of the playoffs for the first time since 2011. You might remember that squad — that was the year Eli Manning, Justin Tuck, Ahmad Bradshaw and Hakeem Nicks led the team to a Super Bowl victory over the New England Patriots. This time, Saquon Barkley, Daniel Jones and Dexter Lawrence hope to restore the team’s glory when they face off against the Philadelphia Eagles at the Lincoln Financial Field on Saturday, Jan. 21, at 8:15 p.m. EST. However, advancing to the next round won’t be a walk in the park for Brian Daboll’s 9-7-1 New York Giants. They’re facing off against the NFC’s  top-seeded team, Nick Sirianni’s Philadelphia Eagles, who finished the regular season with a 14-3 record and sent eight (!) players — quarterback Jalen Hurts, running back Miles Sanders, wide receiver A.J. Brown, guard Landon Dickerson, tackle Lane Johnson, center Jason Kelce, pass rusher Haason Reddick, and cornerback Darius Slay —  to the upcoming Pro Bowl. So, if you want to see this game to cheer your team on live and in person, last-minute tickets are still available. And, given the high-stakes nature of this matchup, they’re not too pricey. At the time of publication, the lowest price we could find on tickets was $205 before fees on Vivid Seats. Lower-level seats start at $343 before fees. All prices are subject to fluctuation. The Giants still have time to practice kindness ahead of their huge game. Wide receiver Isaiah Hodgins sent a care package complete with signed gear to a 9-year-old fan this week. Better yet, the young fan lives in Eagles territory. You can read the whole story here and catch up on all the New York Post’s Giants coverage here. As a starter, quarterback Jalen Hurts went 14-1 for the Eagles this season, just his third in the NFL. Still, he doesn’t let his newfound success affect him. “He’s humble on the outside and in what he says, but on the inside, he’s a f–king killer,” Eagles center Jason Kelce told The Post. If you want to hear what else Hurts’ teammates had to say about him, we’ve got the whole story here. For even more on Philly’s “Birds,” check out all New York Post stories on the team here. For those watching the game from afar, you can tune into Fox on Saturday, Jan. 21, to see the Giants and Eagles square off live. Joe Davis, Daryl Johnston, Pam Oliver and Kristina Pink will call the game. Davis calling the game should be of interest to Philly fans — he also called the Phillies’ NLCS-clinching victory on Fox. In the bottom of the eighth inning, Davis belted out the now immortal line, “Harper! The swing of his life,” after slugger Bryce Harper launched an opposite-field home run that would eventually send the Phillies to the World Series. Should you prefer to stream, make sure to open up NFL+ to catch the game there. Many of the biggest names in music are conducting massive nationwide tours this year. Here are just five of the biggest can’t-miss tours that should be on your radar. • Bruce Springsteen and the E Street Band • Morgan Wallen • Metallica • George Strait • Blink 182 Already know about those tours? Check out our comprehensive list featuring 52 of the biggest artists on tour in 2023 here.