It’s the end of an era at WFAN. After three decades, Sweeny Murti is moving on, he announced Friday. “My time at WFAN has come to an end,” the longtime radio host posted in a note to Twitter. “It was a dream job that lasted 30 years. Unfortunately, it’s time to move on. “Along the way I was so privileged to work on the biggest events in sports with legendary performers and personalities. The highlight of it all was spending the last 2 years talking to you about the New York Yankees.” Murti, a Middletown, Pa. native, began his tenure at WFAN in 1993 as a producer and on-air anchor, transitioning to the role of Yankees reporter in 2001. As the industry changed over the years, so did his job requirements – he did not travel and the outlet didn’t use him in daily spots. According to The Post’s Andrew Marchand, Murti could have potentially continued in a part-time role and with a spot on postgame shows. Instead, he is saying his goodbyes to longtime listeners and readers – though, not forever. “I tried to bring the right amounts of confidence and humility on the air,” he wrote. “I strived to hold my own with the great hosts on our station and just tried to make good radio with every appearance. “Everything good in my adult life truly began when I started as a producer at the FAN in March 1993. More good things are on the way – of that I am sure. I am eager to begin the next chapter.” The previous one will be hard to beat. His WFAN tenure covered the Bombers’ 2009 World Series win and the careers of multiple Hall of Famers, including the likes of Derek Jeter and Mariano Rivera, as well as Alex Rodriguez and Jorge Posada. It was a position he was grateful to have. “Thanks to everyone who helped to bring me here, keep me here and thrive here,” he said. “Thanks to so many wonderful friends and colleagues who made going to work fun. And thanks to everyone one of you for listening and taking the ride with me. It has truly been my honor, and I hope you will join me on the next adventure.” It is not known what his next move will be, though Murti is also a contributor to SNY and MLB Network, roles he is expected to maintain.