It may not be up to him, but if the Dolphins make the playoffs, Tua Tagovailoa wants back in. Tagovailoa missed Sunday’s game against the Patriots after sustaining his second diagnosed concussion of the season, with Teddy Bridgewater starting in his spot as the Dolphins tried to hang on to one of the final playoff spots in the AFC. Despite the concerns about his health in both the short-term and long-term because of yet another head injury, Tagovailoa wants to play again this season if the Dolphins reach the playoffs, Fox Sports’ Jay Glazer reported on Sunday. “He would like to play this year if they make the playoffs,” Glazer said of Tagovailoa. Tagovailoa played all of last Sunday’s game against the Packers but during a film session on Monday, coach Mike McDaniel asked him why he made certain decisions and plays and Tagovailoa could not remember, Glazer reported, triggering the concussion protocol. There is reportedly no timetable for Tagovailoa’s return as he works through his latest head injury. Both of Tagovailoa’s diagnosed concussions this season have led to investigations from the NFL and NFLPA. The first concussion, in late September against the Bengals, came during a scary scene as Tagovaila was hit and left unconscious on the field before being stretchered off to the hospital. He had exhibited symptoms in a game four days earlier against the Bills but was allowed to return in that game. The NFL eventually changed its concussion protocol on Oct. 8 following the investigation of Tagovailoa’s concussion. The protocol, though, was never triggered for Tagovailoa during the Dolphins’ game against the Packers last Sunday. “The protocol is initiated when a player receives an impact to the head and exhibits or reports signs or symptoms suggestive of a concussion,” the NFL and NFLPA said in a joint statement Saturday. “The review established that symptoms of a concussion were neither exhibited nor reported until the following day, at which time the team medical personnel appropriately evaluated and placed Mr. Tagovailoa in the concussion protocol.”