A Brazilian social media influencer is raising eyebrows for tattooing the whites of her eyes black. Kiki Mary, a fan of unusual tattoos and piercings, shocked fans with her new look in a two-part stomach-dropping TikTok series that has drawn more than a million views. The first video shows a tattoo artist injecting black ink into Kiki’s eyeball with a syringe. After the ink is administered, water is poured into her eye, which is patted dry with gauze. When she opens her eyes, the white is flooded with black coloring. In the second video, posted last week, the model shows the same procedure being applied to her other eyeball. As the artist approaches with the needle, Kiki shoots the camera a scared smile. In the comments section, users needled the influencer for the not-so-bright idea. “Any respectful tattooist wouldn’t do this,” one person claimed. Another agreed and wondered, “Why risk going blind?” Others confessed they loved tattoos, but said this one crossed the line. “Tattoo lover but this is tooo damn much ,” one user shuddered. Someone else revealed, “I can never play with my eyes that is very, very risky.” Over in Northern Ireland, mom Anaya Peterson said she tattooed her eyeballs bright blue after being inspired by Australian model Amber Luke, who reportedly went blind for three weeks and cried blue tears. “I don’t have 20/20 vision anymore. From a distance, I can’t see features on faces,” Peterson recently told Kennedy News. “If I didn’t have my eyeballs tattooed, I wouldn’t be having this problem. Even today I woke up with more floaters in my eyes. And that is dangerous.” Peterson explained that after she got the ink, her eyes swelled up so much that she had to go to the hospital. “I’m kind of recovered — on the outside, it’s recovered. It’s just inside. I’m basically on the verge of going blind,” she claimed. In another instance, one Polish woman allegedly went blind after undergoing the same procedure — and ended up suing her tattoo artist, who was found guilty of inflicting permanent disability, The Mirror reported. As WebMD notes, there aren’t any eye inks approved by government agencies. In Kiki’s case, some commenters complimented the bold look — with one person even envisioning getting the same thing done to their eyeballs. “I want this so bad,” they disclosed. Another asked, “Does it hurt? I could be persuaded.”