WASHINGTON — President Biden said Wednesday it was “embarrassing” that House Republicans were unable to select a speaker as party infighting continued for a second day. “That’s not my problem. I just think it’s a little embarrassing it’s taking so long and the way they’re dealing with one another,” Biden told reporters on the White House lawn as he departed for a trip to Kentucky. “The rest of the world is looking, and they’re looking at, you know, can we get our act together?” the president added as he prepared to host an infrastructure event with top Senate Republican Mitch McConnell in the minority leader’s home state. “What I’m focused on is getting things done. And I’m going down to Ohio and Kentucky today to demonstrate we can get things done. We passed an enormous bill bipartisanly,” Biden continued. “How do you think this looks to the rest of the world? We’re finally coming out of, you know, the first time we’re really getting through the whole issue relating to January 6th, things are settling out and now for the first time in 100 years, we can’t move? “This is not a good look, this is not a good thing. It’s the United States of America and I hope they get their act together,” the president concluded. Asked who he thought would become speaker, Biden replied, “I have no idea.” The House of Representatives will convene Wednesday around noon for a fourth ballot in the speaker’s race — after Republican leader Kevin McCarthy failed to win enough support in an initial three ballots on Tuesday. The impasse means that House members haven’t officially been sworn in — and leaves open the possibility of a protracted battle. It’s the first time since 1923 that a speaker wasn’t elected on the first ballot. A source involved in anti-McCarthy strategizing told The Post that the group of 20 Republican holdouts plan to force McCarthy to quit the race. But McCarthy told reporters late Tuesday he believes he can still pull out a victory, while a source close to the California Republican told The Post, “He’s staying in until he’s elected.” McCarthy foes say he hasn’t done enough in the past to rein in government spending and have issued demands including the creation of a House select committee to investigate the politicization of the FBI and intelligence agencies — which McCarthy has balked at so far.