A new mom is getting tips — but not the kind you might think. Jaelyn Cox, a 29-year-old OnlyFans model and dancer from Glasgow, Scotland, revealed that she went back to work as a stripper just five days after giving birth to her second daughter. The dancer explained that she didn’t want to miss out on the potential income she could be making both online and in person. “I was back on the hustle five days after giving birth,” Cox told the Scottish Sun. However, her boyfriend was extremely unhappy with her decision. “He was raging, telling me I need time to rest,” Cox said. “But my boyfriend’s been doing most of the night feeds. So I can make the money during the night and he does the babysitting.” The Post has reached out to Cox for comment. Cox makes over $900 per night from the adult venue Seventh Heaven in City Centre, according to the outlet. She is also popular on the platform AdmireMe. This is not the first time Cox’s boyfriend has been disappointed by her life choices. During her pregnancy, he didn’t approve of her sexy clothing, like knee-high boots and heels, according to the Sun. “My boyfriend kept saying ‘you can’t wear that’ because I was pregnant,” she told the Scottish Sun. Though, perhaps shockingly, other men have said way worse. One labor nurse took to TikTok last year to share the awful thing she’s heard in the delivery room–including one man who “jokingly” told their wife to get back to the gym and another who asked when they could have sex again. Although Cox has since given birth, pregnancy didn’t seem to stop her from raking in big bucks. She said that having a baby bump only helped her business, as many guys have fetishes for her big belly. “My body has changed, my boobs are massive,” she told the Scottish Sun this past August. “I feel like I’ve made more money since I’ve gotten pregnant.” In some cases, she chose to hide the bump. “As long as I can hide it and it’s not as noticeable, there’s other stuff you can wear like skirts that can hide your belly,” she explained at the time.             