Comedian Jeff Dunham is currently midway through a huge, nationwide tour and, as always, all his friends are coming along for the ride. The veteran ventriloquist still has 43 upcoming shows at arenas, coliseums and auditoriums all over the U.S. from January through May as part of his “Still Not Cancelled Tour.” That includes big gigs at Albany’s MVP Arena at Feb. 8, Newark’s Prudential Center on Feb. 26 and Binghamton’s Visions Veterans Memorial Arena on April 14. In an interview, Dunham claimed he’s hoping to “bring comedy back” on the tour. What the 60-year-old comic is implying is that he wants his show to evoke an era where audiences didn’t know the comedian’s politics were and the comic “made fun of both sides equally.” This statement should be taken with a grain of salt though — Dunham’s act does employ offensive racial stereotypes as punchlines for a handful of his characters. All that being said, he still describes the show as “good, stupid fun.” And if that sounds like your idea of an entertaining evening, here’s everything you need to know about the tour.  The “Still Not Cancelled Tour” will send Dunham to venues in major cities and towns all the way up until his swan song at the Warner Theatre in Erie, PA on May 4. Just a few of the most notable stops on his jaunt include Houston (Jan. 11), Tampa (Jan. 27),  Green Bay (March 15), Atlanta (March 19) and Baltimore (April 15). A complete calendar featuring all upcoming Jeff Dunham tour dates, venues, show start times and links to buy tickets can be found here.  Per usual, Dunham’s stable of characters that fans have grown to know and love over the years will accompany him onstage. Just a few of those iconic dummies include curmudgeonly Walter and hyperactive Peanut, as well as those based on offensive stereotypes like Jose Jalapeno, Bubba J and Achmed the Dead Terrorist will accompany him onstage at all shows. For a comprehensive look at all of Dunham’s characters, we recommend taking a look at his website.  Dunham is one of the most prolific comics working today. Prior to the upcoming tour, he’s released a staggering 11 specials dating back to 2006. Here’s how you can see each of them. “Arguing With Myself” (2006) can be streamed on Netflix“Spark of Insanity” (2007) can be streamed on Amazon Prime“Very Special Christmas Special” (2008) can be streamed on Netflix“Controlled Chaos” (2011) can be streamed on Netflix“Minding the Monsters” (2012) can be streamed on Netflix“All Over The Map” (2014) can be streamed on Netflix“Unhinged In Hollywood” (2015) can be streamed on Netflix“Relative Disaster” (2017) can be streamed on Netflix“Beside Himself” (2019) can be streamed on Netflix“Completely Unrehearsed Last-Minute Pandemic Holiday Special” (2020) can be streamed on Paramount+“Me The People” (2022) can be streamed on Comedy Central  If you fancy yourself a comedy nerd, this is your year. Many of the biggest names in the business of laughs are staging mega tours this year. Here are five of our favorites you won’t want to miss. • Jerry Seinfeld • Kevin Hart • Sarah Silverman • Sebastian Maniscalco • Steve Martin and Martin Short