Lisa Marie Presley, a singer and the only child of Elvis and Priscilla Presley, died Thursday. She was 54. Presley was hospitalized in critical condition after reportedly suffering a cardiac arrest at her Calabasas home Thursday. She was in an induced coma and on life support with a temporary pacemaker, according to TMZ. “Priscilla Presley and the Presley family are shocked and devastated by the tragic death of their beloved Lisa Marie,” read a statement to The Post from a rep for the 77-year-old Priscilla. “They are profoundly grateful for the support, love and prayers of everyone, and ask for privacy during this very difficult time.” Sgt. Sean Maloney of the Los Angeles Sheriff’s Office told The Post that deputies responded to a call at the 5900 block of Normandy Drive in Calabasas at about 10:40 a.m. Thursday at the request of Los Angeles County Fire Department. The call involved a female in cardiac arrest. After a housekeeper allegedly found her unresponsive in her bedroom, Presley’s ex-husband, Danny Keough, who reportedly lives with Presley, performed CPR until paramedics arrived. Rescue workers “administered epinephrine at the scene at least one time in order to help Presley regain a pulse,” a source told TMZ. Priscilla told The Post earlier Thursday that her daughter is getting the “best care” in the hospital, but did not confirm that Lisa Marie went into cardiac arrest. “My beloved daughter Lisa Marie was rushed to the hospital. She is now receiving the best care. Please keep her and our family in your prayers,” she told The Post in a statement. “We feel the prayers from around the world and ask for privacy at this time.” The Presley women attended the Golden Globes on Tuesday to watch Austin Butler score an award for his portrayal of The King in Baz Luhrmann’s biopic. Lisa Marie appeared unsteady on her feet in behind-the-scenes footage and spoke slowly in pre-show interviews. A TikTok video shared Wednesday showed her walking with Butler, at times shuffling and stumbling and seeming to need support. She previously complimented Butler’s portrayal of her father in a “20/20” special centered around the release of “Elvis.” Elvis died in 1977 of cardiac arrhythmia at the age of 42. A toxicology report released weeks after his death showed various prescription drugs in his blood. “It’s almost as if he channeled him,” Lisa Marie said of Butler’s performance. “He put everything he had, his heart, his soul, everything he had into researching, reading, watching, learning. He honored him in every way possible,” she added of Butler. Born Feb. 1, 1968, Lisa Marie arrived nine months to the day after Elvis and Priscilla’s wedding. She would be their only child. Her parents divorced when she was four years old, and she was nine when Elvis died. Lisa Marie became the sole heir to Elvis’ estimated $100 million estate in 1993 when she turned 25. In 2004, she sold 85% of it. Priscilla joined the Church of Scientology after the King of Rock and Roll’s death. Lisa Marie left the organization in 2014, saying at the time, “I was slowly starting to self-destruct. They were taking my soul, my money, my everything.” “I’ve had enough. I’m done,” Presley allegedly told friends of her decision to leave. A musician in her own right, Lisa Marie released three pop rock albums: “To Whom It May Concern” in 2003; “Now What” in 2005; and “Storm & Grace” in 2012. Presley had been married four times, to husbands Keough, Michael Jackson, Nicolas Cage and Michael Lockwood. She had four children, including a son, Benjamin Keough, who died of a self-inflicted gunshot wound at age 27 on July 12, 2020. Keough and Presley also share their daughter, actress Riley Keough, 33, and she has 14-year-old twin daughters, Finley Aaron Love and Harper Vivienne Ann, with Lockwood. In an essay for People magazine about the overwhelming grief she continues to feel over her son’s sudden death, Presley said she and her three daughters were “completely detonated and destroyed” by his death. “We live in this every. Single. Day,” she wrote. “Nothing, absolutely NOTHING takes away the pain, but finding support can sometimes help you feel a little bit less alone,” Lisa Marie added. The tributes poured in for Lisa Marie on Thursday, with fellow former Scientologist Leah Remini tweeting, “I’m heartbroken over the passing of Lisa Marie Presley. Lisa did not have an easy life, as some might think. May she be at peace, resting with her son and father now. Her mom Priscilla and her three daughters, Riley, Finley, and Harper, are in my prayers.” LeAnn Rimes tweeted: “lisa marie presley… how heartbreaking. i hope she is at peace in her dad’s arms. my heart goes out to her family. too much grief in just a couple of years. #riplisamarie #LisaMariePresley.”