A toddler was killed when a redwood tree fell onto his family’s double-wide trailer in rural California — as a “bomb cyclone” pounded some areas with hurricane-force winds and torrential downpours. The shocking death was reported in the town of Occidental in Sonoma County northwest of San Francisco on Wednesday night. Volunteer Fire Chief Ronald Lunardi said a 2-and-a-half-year-old boy was inside with his parents when the redwood toppled onto their mobile home. “When I first arrived on scene, a frantic father came out of the house holding the child. He was kind of covered in debris and he said my child is not breathing,” Lunardi said, according to ABC News. The fire chief said he got the father and son into the back of his truck — and instructed the dad how to perform CPR on his little boy — as the fire chief drove to rescuers on the main road. First responders then took over the life-saving measures, but the youngster ultimately succumbed to his injuries. The toddler was not identified as of Thursday afternoon. Lunardi said the little boy’s parents were not injured in the incident, and a sheriff’s department chaplain was dispatched to help comfort the grieving family, the Press Democrat reported. In Solano County, a 19-year-old woman was killed when her car hydroplaned on a flooded road and wrapped around a utility pole, police said. The deadly storm, dubbed “Pineapple Express” and originating near Hawaii, walloped parts of Northern and Southern California Wednesday night into Thursday, toppling trees, flooding roads and leaving more than 151,000 homes without power, according to recent figures from PowerOutage.us. California Gov. Gavin Newsom declared a state of emergency Wednesday to allow for a rapid response and to aid in cleanup from another powerful storm that hit the state just days earlier. Officials had ordered evacuations in high-risk areas and warned residents elsewhere to hunker down at home. The storm is the latest of three atmospheric river storms — long plumes of moisture stretching far over the Pacific — to hit California. “We anticipate that this may be one of the most challenging and impactful series of storms to touch down in California in the last five years,” said Nancy Ward, director of the California Governor’s Office of Emergency Services. Powerful winds gusting to 85 mph or more triggered the cancellation of more than 70 flights at San Francisco International Airport and downed trees and power lines. With Post wires