We’re crossing our fingers that Elon Musk doesn’t show up this time. From Jan. 20-27, Chris Rock and Dave Chappelle are taking off on a brief, five-show co-headlining tour that will send them to Oklahoma City, St. Louis, Memphis, Birmingham and North Charleston over the course of a single week. The two outspoken, envelope-pushing comedians recently toured together in December on the heels of Dave Chappelle’s controversial “Saturday Night Live” monologue where he touched on Kanye West’s anti-Semitism. This time around, expect Rock to be the center of attention when he uses these shows as a testing ground for his upcoming Netflix special “Selective Outrage,” which will be the first live comedy performance for the streamer. As for the unpredictable Chappelle, anything could happen. And, while inventory for the five shows aren’t available on Ticketmaster until Friday, Jan. 6, fans who want to ensure they have tickets ahead of time can purchase on Vivid Seats before seats are officially on sale. Vivid Seats is a secondary market ticketing platform. Prices for all shows may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand. Their site has a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and tickets will be delivered before the event.  A complete calendar of all upcoming Rock and Chappelle co-headlining gigs including dates, venues, show start times and links to buy tickets can be found below. According to a press release, audience members must put their phones or smart watches in Yondr pouches before show begins and “will be unlocked at the end of the show.”  Following the quick trek, Rock will set off on his own to continue fine-tuning his material for  “Selective Outrage” which is set to air on Netflix on Saturday, March 4 at 10 p.m. EST. Here’s where you can see the “Top Five” star live this winter.  Although it’s only January, 2023 is already shaping up to be a banner year for stand-up comedy. We’ve got proof too. Check out our five favorite comedians you can catch live when they’re on tour in the next few months. • Jerry Seinfeld • Kevin Hart • Sarah Silverman • Jim Gaffigan • Katt Williams Looking for an encore? Give our list of the 51 biggest comedians on tour in 2023 a peek. We’ve got everything you need here.