After a devastating breakup and years without physical intimacy, Rod* made the bold move to purchase a $2064 sex doll named Karina. The Aussie carpenter from rural New South Wales had been left “frozen” in a state of loneliness in 2021 when he ordered Karina online after searching for sexual stimulation tools. Despite having zero knowledge about sex dolls, the 54-year-old said Karina “changed his life in many ways” and finally gave him something to care for. “The doll became by synthetic physical companion,” Rod told Mamamia. “Slowly my heart opened up, and I was distracted from my grief of losing my ex [fiance] that just wouldn’t go away by itself.” Only two months after purchasing Karina, Rod made the big decision to introduce her to his mom in Victoria for Christmas. “Mum basically looked at her [Karina] as if she was poison,” Rod told 7News. The 85-year-old was shocked, but after some encouragement, Rod’s mom was picking out jewelry and clothes for Karina. “In the end, she warmed up – it was like a long lost daughter – she really got into it,” he said. The tradie bought another sex doll named Lauren for a discounted price of $2000, who Rod describes as a “daydreamer” and Karina’s sister. Rod also started a long-distance relationship with a woman named Jenny from Vietnam not long after purchasing his two dolls. While the couple are now happily engaged, the tradie claims there were “tense moments” when Jenny discovered Lauren and Karina. “She accepted my hobby after some time, and often would help me with some advice,” he told Mamamia. Rod said his dolls keep him company when he can’t be with Jenny. He uses his spare time to bath, dress, pamper and photograph them. Since purchasing the dolls, Rod has taken an interest in photography and manages an Instagram account, @karina_luvly, dedicated to Karina’s modelling shots. Not only has his social skills improved since ordering Karina, but Rod also secured a contract with a Chinese manufacturer to photograph promotional material for their adult dolls. While the tradies keeps the dolls after photographing them, he said Jenny is “really happy to support me”. Despite Rod’s friends and family thinking his dolls are ‘strange”, the tradie claims his dolls have a positive influence on his life. *Names have been changed. 