George Lopez is against dragging politician George Santos’ alleged former drag queen alter ego through the mud. The 61-year-old comedian stopped by “The View” on Thursday and chimed in during the hosts’ discussion about Florida’s governor, Ron DeSantis, passing the “Don’t Say Gay” bill last year. Lopez slammed anti-drag prejudice after co-host Ana Navarro shared her support for those performers. “If you’re an enemy of drag, you’re an enemy of mine,” Lopez said. The dialogue began after host Joy Behar, 80, Navarro, 51, and fellow co-host Sara Haines, 45, also reflected on disgraced conservative politician Santos’ reported history as a drag queen in Brazil. Santos supposedly went by the name Kitara Ravache while dressing as his glamorous alter ego. Santos, 34, who is the first openly gay Republican to win the House seat, has since denied this claim. Navarro argued that the criticism of Santos’ history as a drag queen has nothing to do with drag itself. “Listen, I’m sorry, but this has had me cackling to no end. I love drag queens, I’m a drag hag, we were at a drag show this last weekend, I’m constantly defending drag queens. This has nothing to do with drag queens, this has to do with hypocrisy,” Navarro said. “[Santos], when he was running, went on Facebook and expressed support for the Florida law, the one we refer to as ‘Don’t Say Gay,’ he’s aligned himself with a party that has turned drag queens into a cultural wedge issue — a manufactured cultural wedge issue — so, it’s endless lies,” she went on. Lopez is no stranger to the small screen. In addition to his recent appearance on “The View,” the outspoken funnyman stars in the NBC family sitcom “Lopez vs Lopez” with his daughter Mayan. The pair star as a formerly estranged father-daughter duo as they try to navigate reconciliation. The show echoes Mayan, 26, and Lopez’s real-life dynamic, who were also apart from each other for a long period of time. The actress opened up about how TikTok helped her find her way back to her dad and they rekindled their bond. Mayan told The Post last November: “About two years ago I made a TikTok responding to someone making claims on some of our family dynamics … my dad being unfaithful, my mom giving him a kidney and then their divorce.” She added that her showrunner, Debby Wolfe was procrastinating on TikTok and they “got together [for the sitcom].” “I’ve been in therapy for many years, and I thought, ‘Oh, I’m going to teach my character some things,’ but, really, she’s teaching me a lot about how to communicate with my dad with authority,” Mayan said. “I think some wounds never heal,” she said of her real-life relationship with Lopez. “[Working together] hasn’t been easy, but it’s very cathartic. I think the past can be in the past, and we can build a better future with one another.”