Jamie Lynn Spears is jumping on her Jet-X and heading back to Pacific Coast Academy for a “Zoey 101” reunion. The 31-year-old actress and much of the Nickelodeon series’ original cast will star in Paramount+’s TV movie “Zoey 102” (working title), which is in production in North Carolina, the streamer said Thursday. Erin Sanders (Quinn Pensky), Sean Flynn (Chase Matthews), Matthew Underwood (Logan Reese), Christopher Massey (Michael Barret), Abby Wilde (Stacey Dillsen) and Jack Salvatore (Mark Del Figgalo) are slated to reprise their roles. The characters will be reuniting for a wedding set in the present day, 18 years after the series debuted in 2005. Fans can expect the movie to be released later this year. “I’m beyond thrilled to be back alongside my PCA family and continue the story of Zoey and all the characters fans know and love,” Spears said in a statement accompanying the announcement. “As an executive producer, it’s been an exciting opportunity to work with such incredible talent as well as Paramount+ and Nickelodeon.” The streaming service also included a photo of Spears sitting in a director’s chair. “Zoey 101” ran for four seasons, from 2005 to 2008, until Spears, just 16 at the time, became pregnant with her daughter, Maddie. The series was created by Dan Schneider, a former top producer at Nickelodeon, who launched many of the network’s shows in the 2000s. He has since been accused of misconduct and “sexualizing” teens in that role. He said in 2021 that if some people found him difficult to work with, it was because he has “high standards. I’m very willing to defend creative things that I believe in.” He added: “I couldn’t, and I wouldn’t have the long-term friendships and continued loyalty from so many reputable people if I’d mistreated my actors of any age, especially minors.” A Paramount+ rep told The Post Schneider isn’t involved in the new project. Golden Globe winner Austin Butler, who appeared on several “Zoey” episodes, won’t be participating either. Neither will Alexa Nikolas, who has spoken out about her “traumatizing” career as a child actor, including an incident with Jamie’s sister, Britney Spears. Nikolas claimed that the “Piece of Me” singer started yelling at her — Nikolas and Jamie Lynn had accused each other of bullying — as Jamie Lynn hid in the back of the room. “She has apologized to me personally,” Nikolas said of Britney last year. “Actually, Britney Spears apologized, but Nickelodeon hasn’t. Isn’t that funny? Yeah, Britney Spears apologized, and not Nickelodeon.”