When it comes to travel, one of the most important things to lock down is the perfect hotel experience. Hotels all over the world offer a wide array of possibilities, tempting travelers to explore their destinations, packages and luxury. Many of the biggest hotel chains also allow you to customize your experience, offering relaxing spas, entertainment, pools, restaurants, views and more. In anticipation of National Plan for Vacation Day on January 31, 2023 and to understand the vast world of international travel and hotels, the New York Post spoke exclusively with travel expert Brad Pinzer. We put our heads together to create the definitive list of best international hotels for your zodiac sign. Find out which hotel is the best for your zodiac sign! Aries thrive on living boldly. The perfect destination to encompass all of these ideals is Tokyo. Tokyo is goes nonstop, feeding an Aries’ desire for action. Tokyo overwhelms the senses with memorable sounds, lights, people and entertainment. Pop into a local izakaya for a drink with some locals, go bar hopping in Shinjuku or head over to the Tsukiji Fish market to tour one of the world’s most famous fish markets. Find one of the many captivating karaoke spots to sing the night away. Tokyo will provide all of the excitement you seek and more. The Park Hyatt Tokyo is the perfect location for all of your Tokyo adventures and you can enjoy the city with quality rooms and amenities. Tauruses are known to enjoy the finer things in life and always expect the best. They also have a sensual, romantic nature. The Maldives are calling your name! This chain of 26 atols in the Indian Ocean off the cost of Sri Lanka have some of the most stunning crystal blue water on Earth. Many people who visit the Maldives like to book an overwater villa—an ultimate in luxury and perfect for a romantic getaway—which can be found at many luxury hotels in the country including the Conrad Maldives Rangali Island. When booking a luxury vacation to the Maldives, the trip would not be complete without a luxury flying experience on the way to Male, the capital of the Maldives. Use Qatar Airways with their business class product, the QSuite, which is arguably one of the best business class experiences in the world. Geminis thrive when adventure calls their names! You’re ready to soar off to your next destination and see what lies upon the horizon. One destination mirrors your personality is Berlin. While there, visit some of the historical sites during the day like the Holocaust Memorial, the Brandenburg Gate, the Reichstag and the Berlin Wall Museum.  At night, let loose and join in on the hedonistic fun that many Berliners enjoy into the early mornings. The Hilton Berlin is a great hotel close to Checkpoint Charlie and other attractions, so book your stay pronto! Cancers love to learn about culture, people and hospitality. One of the best places in the world to immerse yourself in tradition is Mexico City. It is a global and historic city with one of the most bustling populations on Earth. Mexico City is one of the most under-rated travel destinations on the planet, so be sure to add it to your bucket list. Cancers are foodies, so one of the best things to do here is to eat your way through the city. Try out $.35 Al Pastor tacos on the street or embrace fine dining at one of Mexico City’s many world-renowed restaurants like Pujol. Spend your morning on a hot air balloon flight over Teotihuacan and in the afternoon take a tour of Zochimilco, Coyoacan or the Frida Kahlo Museum. Be sure to stay at the Hilton Mexico City Reforma for the perfect safe space that is close to everything. The executive lounge and the pool are some of the highlights of the property. Leos roar for passion. A sexy, romantic travel destination that is calling out to you is Spain. During the day, unleash your inner royalty by spending some time in Madrid visiting the Royal Palace (open to the public year-round) or the Prado Museum, one of the world’s greatest museums with a collection based on the Spanish Royal collection. At night, the passion for life within the Spanish culture is unmatched, which is the perfect time to unleash your Leo fire and strut your stuff!  Stay at the Westin Palace Madrid, in the heart of the city close to the museums and Royal Palace. Peru will captivate the mind, heart and spirit of a Virgo. The nature and lifestyle will inspire you and the location will also help you to remain on a budget. As an Earth sign, you love to stretch your dollar! The JW Mariott El Convento – Cuzco is the perfect base for all of your adventures. Explore the local culture and be sure to plan a visit to some of the top restaurants in the world located in the capital, Lima, which will tantalize your taste buds.  Lima is a vibrant Latin American metropolis whose historic center is a UNESCO World Heritage Site. Astrology 101: Your guide to the stars Next, make your way to Cusco, the city in the Andes Mountains that was once the capital of the Inca Empire and is considered the gateway to Machu Picchu. Visit Machu Picchu and the Sacred Valley by train for a more comfortable adventure—or if feeling more adventurous, consider a four day trek on the Inca Trail to Machu Picchu, which will get your body moving! You’ll also experience a connection to the earth element at Pachamama (Mother Earth in many Andean Cultures). Machu Picchu is a magical experience that all travelers should see at some point in their lives. After Machu Picchu, visit Lake Titicaca, the highest navigable lake in the world at 12,500 ft above sea level. Then make a stop in Puno and stay on one of the floating islands, a group of 70 man made islands made out of local totora reeds. Libras crave harmony, peace and beauty—but also know how to be social and have plenty of fun! A gorgeous place to visit and relax would be to honor the Scandinavian idea of “hygge.” Hygge is a word in Danish and Norwegian that describes a mood of coziness and “comfortable conviviality” with feelings of wellness and contentment. The SKT Petri Hotel in Copenhagen is the embodiment of this ideal and is a luxurious property. It’s also the perfect base to explore the city. Copenhagen is also a stunning destination where you will feel right at home among the people and culture. Scorpios are passionate, unique and love to forge a path all their own. They can’t be limited and will not want to follow the crowd as they venture toward mysterious, potentially enchanting destinations. The perfect spot to recharge your emotional, physical and spiritual batteries if off the beaten path at a hotel in the Serengeti. The Melia Serengeti Lodge is the perfect destination for a Scorpio because this promises an adventure that will be the experience of a lifetime. Book a safari and explore all Kenya has to offer. Sagittarius—the eternal sojourner! You are inspired by the idea of opening your mind and spirit to vast new horizons as you explore people, life and adventure. Istanbul is the perfect location to begin a global adventure. Visit the Four Seasons Istanbul at the Bosphorus, which is centered in the best place for you to journey out from. While in Istanbul, check out the Hagia Sophia, roam the old city streets and bask in all that Turkey has to offer. This promises the perfect mix of surprise, spontaneity and luxury any Sagittarius is looking for. As an ambitious Earth sign, Capricorns always have a taste for refinement. Montreal is a unique destination that embodies elegance and style—perfect for Capricorn. Montreal is considered the fashion capital of Canada and the European influence is apparent in many ways, But the Quebecois also possess an innate passion for life that is apparent in everything they produce: from stylish fashion to world renowned and decadent cuisine. Stay at the Sofitel Golden Mile for a luxury experience close to everything the city has to offer. For Capricorns located in middle or eastern America, this is a must visit destination. Aquarians always crave new experiences filled with intellectual stimulation and creative inspiration! There is no better place to explore than the world’s largest salt flats, Salar de Uyuni. Stay at the hotel Palacio del Sal, a hotel made entirely of salt blocks from the salt flats! It’s wild! Then head out to a three day tour of the Salt Flats and Colored Lagoons. From there, travel to Santa Cruz, in the Amazon basin and book a trip with Nick’s Adventures Bolivia, a personalized tour operator that runs individual trips to see some of Bolivia’s diverse wildlife in the Amazon Basin. You’ll find this absolutely life changing. Pisces are known for their mystical nature, always craving to open up their hearts and spirits to the world and other people. You can also find that your inspiration can leave you mesmerized for years to come! Iceland is calling your name! It is the perfect destination to search for magical, eye-opening experiences. Start your trip off at the Hotel Borg in Rejkavik as a jumping off point for your travels and make your way around the golden circle by car to see some of the extraordinary sites Iceland has to offer. Special thanks to Brad Pinzer for collaborating with me on this article! Brad has traveled to over 34 countries and 29 U.S. states and flown over 750,000 miles. Traveling has always been a passion, whether for personal or business travel, and he believes finding the best way to travel somewhere is one of the best parts of the travel game. He has lived in Chicago, New York, Buenos Aires, Tampa, Minneapolis and Milwaukee. Interacting with and meeting local people domestically and abroad is what he enjoys about travel the most. He started Fare Game Travel as a way to help others find their way through the world no matter their budget. Kyle Thomas is a globally recognized pop culture astrologer who has been featured in “Access Hollywood,” E! Entertainment, NBC & ABC television, Cosmopolitan Magazine, Hulu, Bustle, Elite Daily, Marie Claire and more. He is known for his cosmic guidance for celebrities, business executives and prominent influencers. His work harnesses the power of the stars in regards to entertainment lifestyle and trends affecting people worldwide. For more information, visit KyleThomasAstrology.com.