This redefined fists of fury. Serial Guinness World Record-breaker David Rush added to his impressive tally after shattering the world record for — wait for it — most alternating fist bumps in a half-minute. A clip of the supersonic salutations uploaded on Sunday is currently blowing up online. The goal of this seemingly sadomasochistic stunt was to break the record for most alternating fist bumps in under 30 seconds — which is apparently a thing. “Joey [his partner for the stunt] and I had to punch each other thousands of times to make this happen,” Idaho’s Rush wrote on his website regarding the fist-filled feat of greeting. “We bled, we sweated. We bruised.” He quipped, “We got rid of the unfair pain when Joey made me take off my brass knuckles (wedding band).” In the punchy footage, the prolific record setter and his neighbor’s son, Joey, can be seen squaring off in preparation for the friendly fisticuffs. A woman does a countdown off-screen, and the two begin punching each other’s fists with both hands with jackhammer-like speed and precision. At the end of the knuckle-mulching exercise, Rush and his assistant had reportedly pounded fists 273 times in 30 seconds, obliterating the previous record of 174 set by Nafees Istay Taufiq Antu and Akibur Rahman Saikat in April. Rush clarified that they actually made contact “297 times in 30 seconds but Guinness has stringent qualifications for what constitutes valid alternating fist bumps and 24 had to be disqualified.” Either way, the Idahoan was proud of punching their ticket to the record books — especially given the difficulty of this particular challenge. “This one was more technical and challenging than the record I previously set for the most fist bumps in one minute with different people,” he explained. “The main area of technique we had to work on was Joey’s drifting left arm.” He added, “When moving each hand back and forth five times per second, it’s easy to lose control over some aspects and have form degrade.” In a similar feat this past March, Rush set the world record for the most fist bumps in one minute with different people, which he achieved by fist-bumping 152 people. During his lifetime, Rush has set over 250 Guinness World Records, including the title for world’s fastest juggler, the world’s slowest juggler, most bowling balls juggled and most consecutive ax-juggling catches, NPR reported. In August, the serial record smasher blew away the Guinness World Record for blowing up balloons with one’s nose after nasally inflating 10 in one minute. When it comes to Guinness’ Mt. Rushmore, he still trails behind Brooklyn’s Ashrita Furman — who’s set over 700 records since 1979. However, Rush’s record-setting streak is about more than personal glory. The Gem State resident is currently striving to break a record a week in an effort to promote STEM education and “the power of having a growth mindset.” The polymath practices for 20 to 30 records a week, squeezing in time between his family and a full-time job as a product manager by practicing in the mornings and during breaks, he said. “You make time for what’s important for you,” Rush said.