She’s her own fairy godmother. A TikToker turned into a real-life Disney princess in a gown designed by her grandmother — nearly 80 years ago. In a now-viral clip, the Chicago-based seamstress explained that her granny ditched fashion school in the 1940s and, with it, all of her sketches. Now, nearly eight decades later, content creator Julia is finally making the frocks a reality. In less than 24 hours, Julia’s dress reveal clip racked up 1.5 million views, in which she shows her grandma’s sweet reaction to the dazzling dress. The fashion-forward TikToker and her grandma, whom she calls her “idol,” were in constant contact during the pandemic-era lockdowns in 2020. At the time, her grandmother discovered old fashion school sketches that Julia had never seen, hoping she could pass along the drawings for safekeeping. “She said, ‘I would like it when I pass on if someone sent these out to magazines or display them at my funeral so people could know I did this,'” Julia told The Post. “When I saw her later that week, and saw how amazing the drawings were, I thought, ‘Why wait until she’s dead?'” Julia said she “didn’t know much about sending things into magazines,” but realized she could showcase her grandma’s creativity on social media. “After seeing how happy she was over people loving her drawings, I knew I had to put the wheels in motion to bring them to life.” But she’s not doing it just for online clout — her grandma’s priceless reactions are fueling her to tackle the tough projects. “Her reaction always makes me feel so blessed I get to share this experience with her,” Julia said. Her viral video posted Tuesday shows the fourth design from her grandma she created. “It was by far my hardest project I’ve ever done,” she wrote online. “I’ll be posting more videos about this dress throughout the week, but this is grandmas reaction to seeing her work come to life.” The video shows Julia waltzing down the stairs wearing the shimmering, golden gown, complete with a removable skirt — her own touch on the vintage design. “Oh my goodness, that is stunning,” her grandmother gasps. “I thank you because that’s just lovely. “It feels so nice to see something I drew so many years ago,” she continues. Julia twirls to give the mastermind behind the design a good look. Then, she unveils a shorter skirt beneath, giving the garment a whole new style. “It made my brand new New Year,” her grandma cheered. Hundreds of astonished viewers flocked to the comments section to fawn over the gown and the granny’s heartwarming reaction. “Was she ever able to wear some of her own designs? i want gma to play dressup! you did an incredible job bringing her dress to life,” one user begged. “The fact that this sketch was made up in the 40s and still looks contemporary yet elegant is such a modern day slay,” another applauded. “Yes!! Colab with Grandma. This is fantastic! Someone get these two a clothing line, please!?” someone else wrote. “That’s a dream dress,” another exclaimed. In the following clips, Julia revealed more of the heartfelt moment between her and her grandmother, promising to keep the series alive while her grandma is still “here with us.” She even noted that her granny started to draw again, feeling so inspired by seeing her granddaughter make her designs come to life before her eyes. Every time Julia dons one of her grandma’s designs, she said she feels “so lucky” she took on the fete of bringing them from pencil sketches to billowing dresses — but making her granny smile is the best part of all. “I plan to keep making them while grandma is still with us,” Julia told The Post. “She has so many designs I don’t think I could ever run out.”