Congressman Greg Steube was hospitalized Wednesday after he fell off the roof of his Florida home, according to a report. The incident was first reported by Florida Politics journalist Peter Schorsch, who said Steube (R-Fla.) was found outside his Sarasota home by a part-time aide of his colleague, Rep. Vern Buchanan (R-Fla.). The aide made the discovery while working his second job as an Amazon delivery driver. A post from Steube’s official Twitter account confirmed that the lawmaker had “sustained several injuries” after an accident Thursday. “Congressman Steube was involved in an accident on his property late this afternoon and has sustained several injuries. We will provide additional updates when possible. Please pray for the Congressman and his family,” the message said. It’s unclear what condition Steube is in at this time. The Post has reached out to his congressional office for comment. Fellow Republican Florida lawmaker Sen. Rick Scott offered his prayers to Steube and his family on Thursday. “Please join Ann and me in wishing Greg a speedy recovery. We’re keeping him and the Steube family in our prayers,” Scott tweeted. First elected to Congress in 2018, Steube was sworn in earlier this month to serve his third term in the lower chamber representing the Sunshine State’s 17th Congressional District Steube previously served for two years in the Florida Senate and six years in the Florida House. Before launching his political career, Steube served in the armed forces, as an Airborne Infantry Officer and a JAG Corps Officer from 2004 to 2008 and as the Chief of Detainee Operations for Multinational Division North in Iraq with the 25th Infantry Division from 2006-2007. During the 2021 Congressional Baseball Game, Steube belted a rare out-of-the-park home run in the annual Democrat vs. Republican grudge match. The game demonstrated Steube’s athletic prowess, as he also took the mound and tossed 120 pitches over 5 2/3 innings as the starting pitcher for the Republican side.