The Washington DC townhome linked to disgraced FTX founder Sam Bankman-Fried has hit the market for $3.28 million. Made up of four bedrooms and five bathrooms, this is one of a long list of properties that Bankman-Fried will likely offload as the feds seized almost $700 million in cash and assets connected to the crypto influencer, court filings from Friday show. The feds seized assets primarily in the form of Robinhood shares that Bankman-Fried owned. The move to list the 4,100-square-foot property comes a month after Bankman-Fried was released on a $250 million bond secured by equity in his $4 million family home in Palo Alto, California — which is also where he’s under house arrest. The DC dwelling was bought by his brother Gabe Bankman-Fried’s nonprofit, Guarding Against Pandemics — which the crypto-exec Bankman-Fried partly funded — last April, at the same price for which it’s now listed. Shortly before FTX’s implosion, the pandemic-preventing nonprofit hosted two back-to-back parties at the address, one for democratic dignitaries and the other for republican hotshots — both with a vegan-heavy menu. A four-story Victorian brownstone, features of the home include 10-foot ceilings, an elevator that services the entire house, and a large chef’s kitchen that was recently updated and comes with a walk-in pantry. The dining room features built-in shelving and display cabinets. There is also a custom temperature-controlled wine fridge. Meanwhile, the main-floor primary bedroom boasts double walk-in closets, a personal washer and dryer, and a gas fireplace. “This home is your golden goose for a treasure they say money can’t buy: more time, thanks to the low-travel commute to concentrations of employment,” the listing notes. Devon Fox with Pearson Smith Realty holds the listing. Realtor.com was the first to report on it. Bankman-Fried, 30, who left his Bahamian oasis on extradition, is staring down a slew of charges, which carry a sentence of up to 115 years. The entrepreneur is accused of wire fraud, securities fraud, conspiracy, money laundering and campaign finance violations. Federal charging documents accuse him of defrauding investors out of a whopping $1.8 billion.