This “Bullet Train” actor has put a California compound he’s owned for close to three decades on the market. The one, the only, Brad Pitt is cutting ties with the estate where he and Angelina Jolie raised their children. The 59-year-old is quietly looking for a buyer of the Los Angeles property he purchased from Cassandra Peterson — better known as Elvira, Mistress of the Dark — in 1994, a source confirmed to People. The A-lister reportedly spent $1.7 million on the property at the time, and has subsequently added multiple neighboring lots — creating a mega-property complete with a skating rink, a tennis court and a swimming pool spread over 1.9 acres. He’s seeking approximately $40 million for his creation in the city’s Los Feliz neighborhood, People reported. As for the reason he’s listing the mansion, the source said Pitt is “looking for something smaller” around LA. Although size is apparently the main issue, there are plenty of emotional reasons to part with the property: The enormous abode is where Pitt and his ex-wife Jolie, 47, reared their six-kid brood — Maddox, 21, Pax, 19, Zahara, 18, Shiloh, 16, and twins Knox and Vivienne 14. The once-iconic duo have been locked in a harrowing divorce battle over assets and children since breaking up in 2016. The palatial estate is also close to the home Jolie bought for $24.95 million in 2017 following the pair’s split. The proximity of the “Maleficent” star’s grand Cecil B. DeMille estate in Los Feliz to Pitt’s place in the neighborhood was actually part of the reason she purchased it, she previously explained. “I wanted it to be close to their dad, who is only 5 minutes away,” she told British Vogue. It also helps that, in addition to being close to the father of her children, the sumptuous domicile is steeped in history and opulence — to the degree that the actress felt intimidated. “I felt a little pressure moving in. Like I had snuck into where DeMille and [Charlie] Chaplin would hang out,” she noted in the interview. “I love most that there is no entertainment room, but lots of pathways and places to walk and think. I feel very fortunate we have that at this time.”