Oh, what fresh hell is this? Paramount+ is set to drop its “Frasier” reboot, a revival of the hit ’90s sitcom that features Kelsey Grammer reprising his role as Dr. Frasier Crane. Grammer, 67, is the only star from the “Cheers” spinoff announced to return, and the forthcoming show seems to look lackluster and low-budget, sources told RadarOnline. “With the Paramount+ ‘Frasier’ reboot, you’re getting the actor you know and love in his most famous role, but you’re not getting much else,” an insider claimed. “There will be no lavish sets and none of the beloved faces fans held dear. Even the writers and producers are Z-list.” The source continued: “Kelsey’s bet is he’ll be enough to attract a big audience. The reboot will have all of those delicious one-liners that made him so famous to begin with.” “But there’s not going to be a lot of bells and whistles beyond that,” the source admitted. The Post reached out to Grammer’s reps for comment. In a November interview with People, Grammer confirmed David Hyde Pierce — who played Frasier’s neurotic brother, Dr. Niles Crane — won’t be joining the reboot. According to RadarOnline’s insiders, Hyde Pierce, 63, “has become a huge star on Broadway” and “doesn’t need the show.” Peri Gilpin and Jane Leeves — who portrayed Roz Doyle and Daphne Moon on the parent sitcom — also reportedly won’t be coming back. Original star John Mahoney, who played patriarch Martin Crane, died in 2018 at the age of 77. The Emmy-winning series ran for 11 seasons, from 1993 until 2004, on NBC, and featured Frasier as a radio psychiatrist in Seattle doling out advice as he dealt with issues from his own family and friends. The revival is set to chronicle the next stage of Frasier’s life, taking place in a new city, where he will be supported by a new cast. “Having spent over 20 years of my creative life on the Paramount lot, both producing shows and performing in several, I’d like to congratulate Paramount+ on its entry into the streaming world,” Grammer said in a statement about the revival in 2021. “I gleefully anticipate sharing the next chapter in the continuing journey of Dr. Frasier Crane,” he added.