CNN anchor Don Lemon blasted Prince Harry on Thursday for “airing family dirty laundry” as the first shocking allegations about royal drama leaked from his upcoming autobiography, “Spare.” During a discussion on “CNN This Morning” about potential fallout from the book, Lemon questioned Prince Harry’s decision to disclose such personal family matters – including an incident in which older brother Prince William allegedly physically attacked him during an argument about Harry’s now-wife, Meghan Markle. “I don’t know. Everyone has a family. I have arguments in my family. Am I going to put that out there for the whole world to see?” Lemon said. “I just don’t understand why on Earth he would want to put that out there. I know he’s selling a book but to me, it’s just not done.” “It’s gauche to me. That’s the word,” Lemon added later in the segment. The alleged physical altercation between the two royals was first reported by The Guardian, which obtained a copy of Prince Harry’s autobiography. “Spare” is set to be released on Jan. 10. Lemon questioned what Harry hoped to accomplish with the book’s release. “What could be achieved?” Lemon asked. “What exactly is he achieving by airing family dirty laundry? That’s the question.” Mediaite earlier reported on Lemon’s remarks. Harry reportedly writes that William confronted him at his London home in 2019. An argument ensued, during which William allegedly referred to Markle as “difficult”, “rude” and “abrasive.” The pair reportedly exchanged more heated words, with Harry lambasting his brother for echoing a negative “press narrative” and William claiming he was only trying to help him. “Are you serious? Help me? Sorry – is that what you call this? Helping me?” Harry reportedly replied. The Duke of Sussex claimed he tried to calm William down by offering him a glass of water – but the altercation still turned physical. “He set down the water, called me another name, then came at me. It all happened so fast. So very fast. He grabbed me by the collar, ripping my necklace, and he knocked me to the floor. I landed on the dog’s bowl, which cracked under my back, the pieces cutting into me. I lay there for a moment, dazed, then got to my feet and told him to get out,” Harry writes. The upcoming autobiography is expected to further inflame tensions between Prince Harry, Markle and the royal family. The couple had already taken aim at the crown in a controversial Netflix series titled “Harry & Meghan.”