Ghislaine Maxwell sure was a fan of Queen Elizabeth. The disgraced ex-socialite, who is currently serving a 20-year prison sentence for her involvement with pedophile Jeffrey Epstein, revealed how happy she was when she met the late monarch. “I thought the queen was one of the most exceptional women I ever had the honor and privilege of meeting,” Maxwell, 61, told the Daily Mail on Sunday from behind bars. She added that the sovereign — who died in September 2022 at the age of 96 — had a “sparkle” in her eyes and was “profoundly sorry” to hear of her passing. Maxwell had been a guest of the queen’s son Prince Andrew over the decades and she was even pictured at Balmoral Castle with Epstein back in 1999. Maxwell and Epstein had attended royal events on several occasions as well, including the Duke of York’s 40th birthday at Windsor Castle in June 2000. Maxwell also made appearances at events in 2000, including the Royal Ascot and Christmas at the royal family’s winter estate, Sandringham. Epstein committed suicide in his jail cell in August 2019. Prince Harry slammed his uncle in his new memoir “Spare” over his ties with Epstein. Harry, 38, wrote about how Andrew, 62, was able to keep his security detail despite his relationship with the sex offender, while he and his wife Meghan Markle had theirs taken away. “Despite being involved in an embarrassing scandal, accused of having sexually abused a young woman, nobody had suggested removing his security,” the Duke of Sussex penned of Andrew. “People may have a lot of grievances towards us, but sexual offenses weren’t one of them,” he continued. While Andrew was stripped of his military and royal titles in January 2022, he was also involved in a sexual assault lawsuit from Epstein and Maxwell accuser Virginia Roberts Giuffre. Robert and Andrew reached a settlement in February of last year, however, the terms were not disclosed. A source told the Sun last December that King Charles III banned Andrew from Buckingham Palace. “Any presence at the Palace is officially over,” an insider said. “The king has made it clear. He isn’t a working royal. He’s on his own.”