The NYPD’s new cop car design is a full U-turn from its classic old cruiser. Big Apple cops will soon hit the road in high-tech new SUVs featuring 360-degree cameras and flashy green racing-style stripes, the city’s top cop said Wednesday. “The NYPD RMP is iconic,” Police Commissioner Keechant Sewell said, referencing the department’s so-called radio motor patrol vehicles, at the annual State of the NYPD address at Cipriani’s in Midtown. The NYPD’s signature white-and-blue rides have made plenty of cameos on movies and TV shows, she said — “Yet even icons are due for an update and change every now and then.” Cops’ new whips will boast scannable QR codes on their exteriors “to improve customer service” along with cutting-edge camera systems “to increase the safety of our officers,”  she said. The freshly made-over rides are expected to roll out in early 2024, as the NYPD gradually retires its fleet of aging vehicles. “We are exploring potential design changes as we speak,”  Sewell said. The cars will feature three green racing-style stripes near the vehicle’s rear wheel along with stars near its front wheel, inspired by the NYPD’s 100-plus-year-old flag. They will also include revamped interiors “for a more efficient and comfortable work environment for all officers,” Sewell said. But some cops mocked the vehicle’s new look as more fit for a nature trail than the mean streets. “Is it the Department of Parks? Is it the Department of Sanitation? No, it’s the NYPD,” one police officer said, bashing its largely green color scheme. Other officers said the upgrade takes taxpayers for a ride. “It’s a waste of money if you ask me,” said one Brooklyn cop, adding that the department’s current cars work fine. “The city’s crying for money so why not just leave things as is?” Still, other cops cheered the makeover as a comfortable and long-awaited improvement that pays tribute to the history of the city’s finest. “It’s nice to see change especially when the NYPD flag is displayed, which defines over 175 years of dedicated officers for the city of New York,” another officer said. Sewell later tweeted, “With a new look outside and a more comfortable feel inside — this potential new design for our fleet encompasses input from our members while representing the traditions of the police department.” The term RMP was coined in the 1930s, back when radios were first installed in marked cop cars. It wasn’t immediately clear how many of the vehicles the department will get or how much they’ll cost.