The 2023 Golden Globes aired Tuesday night after last year’s trainwreck ceremony was pulled from broadcast due to the myriad controversies around parent organization The Hollywood Foreign Press Association. Hosted by comedian Jerrod Carmichael, this year’s show boasted a slew of big-name first-time nominees, including Michelle Yeoh, Sebastian Stan, Zendaya, and Evan Peters. It’s also had scandal brewing in the background, with “Best Actor” nominee Brendan Fraser publicly boycotting the ceremony. Here are the highlights of the 2023 Golden Globes, including all the best and worst moments. Best Moments Host Jerrod Carmichael’s opening monologue, referencing the HFPA’s ongoing representation problem: “I’m here because I’m black … [the HFPA] didn’t have a single black member until George Floyd died,” the comedian declared, coming out with a bang. Niecy Nash-Betts announcing the Best Actor in a Drama winner: “I don’t know if you’re clapping because you like my dress, because I’m here or because I’m gay now. I’ll take it.” Quinta Brunson prevents a wardrobe malfunction: Brunson scored the win for Best Actress in a TV Series – Musical or Comedy. While she walked up to the stage, she kept tugging at the bustier of her dress, which had a sweetheart neckline. “Let me get myself together,” she said to the audience once she got onstage, tugging it up again. The moment was relatable – who hasn’t been there, worrying about a wardrobe malfunction? It’s a loss for her designer, though. She shouldn’t have had the distraction of worrying about that. Michelle Yeoh gets cranky: Yeoh was accepting her Best Actress award when she got annoyed at her play-out music — a.k.a. her cue to leave the stage. “Shut up, please. I can beat you up today, and I’m serious,” she said, alluding to her kickass martial arts movie roles. She said it with a smile, but was clearly annoyed. Austin Butler channels Elvis: The Best Actor winner, who played Elvis Presley in Baz Lurhman’s biopic “Elvis,” gave a shout-out to The King when hearing his walkoff music: “You could at least play ‘Suspicious Minds,’“ he stated, referring to a late-60s Presley hit. While the speech was a sweet tribute to the Presley, some accused the actor of trying to imitate the music maestro’s voice as he accepted the award. Jerrod’s pointed joke about Kanye West in a shout-out to Steven Spielberg and his movie “The Fabelmans:” Carmichael, later in the telecast, joked about Kanye West’s many anti-Semitic remarks: “I saw [ The Fabelmans’] with Kanye,” he said, looking at Spielberg, “and it changed everything for him. That’s how good you are.” Mike White gets his revenge, showbiz style: “The White Lotus” creator scolded his Hollywood cronies in the audience. “You all passed on the show,” he said, wagging his finger at them. “It’s very gratifying to have this moment.” Touché! Eddie Murphy takes a shot at Chris Rock: Murphy, who won the Cecille B. DeMille Award, referenced the infamous “Oscars slap” in winding up his acceptance speech and laying out his blueprint for success: “Pay your taxes, mind your business, and keep Will Smith’s wife’s name out of your f–king mouth!” Worst moments Jennifer Coolidge’s never-ending speech: Coolidge came out to present the “Best Performance by an Actor in a Supporting Role in a Musical-Comedy or Drama Television Series.” Before presenting the award, “The White Lotus” star gave a rambling speech about how she almost didn’t accept this task from  Golden Globes producers because she had anxiety about “breaking my skull because of these over-waxed floors.” She stated that she was also nervous about keeping up with the teleprompter and pronouncing people’s names wrong. The comic actress proceeded to launch into a detailed story about how she once pronounced both Bill Nighy and Kaley Cuoco’s names wrong at a dinner party. This was all quite amusing (and she continued the gag by presenting an “Oscar” instead of a Globe). However, it was unnecessarily long and had to have been a painfully drawn-out wait for Tyler James Williams to find out that he won for “Abbott Elementary.” Playoff music cutting off Colin Farrell: Colin Farrell won for “The Banshees of Inisherin,” giving a charming speech about how he never expects movies to do well, so he’s surprised when they do. “I’m so horrified by what’s happened around ‘Banshees’ the last few months, in a thrilling kind of way,” he said, referring to all the buzz. He also said to co-star Brendan Gleeson that he was honored to “co-habitat this creative space with you” and gave a shout-out to Jenny the Donkey, his co-star. It was all very eloquent, and Farrell is a major star in a popular nominated movie – so the play-off music shouldn’t have cut him off too soon. Shots fired at Scientology: Host Jerrod Carmichael did a bit where he came out holding 3 Golden Globes, saying they belonged to Tom Cruise. “I have a pitch, I think maybe we have these 3 things and exchange them for the safe return of Shelly Miscavige,” he said, referring to the infamously missing wife of Scientology leader (and Cruise pal) David Miscavige. It was a brave shot fired against the controversial organization that notoriously cracks down on detractors. But, the joke didn’t land, and Carmichael was met with a harsh “oooh.” Perhaps there were too many Scientologists in the audience… Carmichael “goes there” with his comment about Will Smith and the famous “slap” at last year’s Oscars: “Really quick, just some quick housekeeping stuff. While we were on commercial, we actually presented Will Smith with the Rock Hudson Award for the best portrayal of masculinity. Give it up, you guys.” There were a few titters in the audience. Forgetful Paul Walter Hauser: Hauser, who won a Golden Globe for his terrific performance as serial killer Larry Hall in “Black Bird,”  thanked everyone under the sun — but forgot his co-star, Taron Egerton. Awkward. Misguided Win “House of the Dragon” took home the “Best TV Series Drama” drama trophy. HBO’s spinoff to “Game of Thrones” was a fun show, and it caused memes and watercooler buzz, but it was hardly quality. It’s writing ranged from dreadful to ridiculous, complete with convoluted time jumps and a 29-year-old actress playing the mom to a 27-year-old actor — Soap opera-level stuff. The fact that it beat out “Better Call Saul” in that show’s last year to possibly win is a crime. The slick and clever “Severence” would have been a better choice, too. Be serious.