Alabama basketball coach Nate Oats spoke to reporters about now-former player Darius Miles facing capital murder charges in the killing of Jamea Harris. Miles, who was a junior forward on the team, and Michael Lynn Davis, who is unaffiliated with the university, are suspects in the shooting death of the 23-year-old Harris stemming from an incident in an area of Tuscaloosa called “The Strip.” “I just want to start by offering condolences to the family and friends of Jamea Jonae Harris, the young woman, mother, daughter who was taken away too soon from a senseless act,” Oats said in a prepared statement. “This is an incredibly sad situation. Hearts go out to her loved ones. I’m keeping them in my thoughts and prayers as they continue to grieve.” Oats said he could not comment on more specifics of the criminal investigation beyond what has already been disclosed. He said that the team has been meeting and attempting to maintain routine and structure, and that he has talked to Miles’ mother multiple times since the incident transpired. “It’s really a tragedy all around, especially for Jamea and her family,” Oats said of his message to his players. “Wish we weren’t having to address this situation, but we’ve got to pull together as a team at this point and … really be there for each other. Miles and Davis are accused of opening fire on a vehicle that Harris was in. One of the suspects reportedly sustained injuries after someone in her car returned fire. Harris leaves behind a five-year-old son. “This is a really difficult situation, and we’ll continue to support each other as we process this and balance school and basketball,” Oats said. “To that end, we regrouped this morning to maintain our routine and some structure in the midst of this situation and we’ll practice before heading up to Nashville for the Vanderbilt game.” Surveillance video recorded on a nearby Ring camera captured the chaotic scene as bystanders ran away. “At this time, it appears that the only motive was a minor altercation that these individuals had with the victim as they were out on The Strip,” Tuscaloosa police captain Jack Kennedy told reporters. The University of Alabama said in a statement on Sunday that Miles was no longer with the basketball team.