Nobody puts nepo baby in a corner. Model and actress Kaia Gerber undeniably has grade A genes, boasting iconic supermodel Cindy Crawford for a mother, not to mention a former model dad, Rande Gerber, who co-owns Casamigos tequila with George Clooney. “I won’t deny the privilege that I have,” Gerber, 21 told Elle. “Even if it’s just the fact that I have a really great source of information and someone to give me great advice, that alone I feel very fortunate for.” But while that privilege and great advice may have helped the beauty rise to the top of the modeling food chain at 14, Gerber insists that entering the “family business” wasn’t as easy as it seems, and that Crawford, with whom she appeared on the cover of Vogue Paris in 2016, can be surprisingly competitive. “My mom always joked, ‘If I could call and book a Chanel campaign, it would be for me and not you,’ ” she told the outlet. Things are even tougher now that she’s pivoting into acting — her current project is the movie “Bottoms,” a queer high school comedy directed by Emma Seligman. “With acting, it’s so different. No artist is going to sacrifice their vision for someone’s kid. That just isn’t how art is made, and what I’m interested in is art. Also, no one wants to work with someone who’s annoying, and not easy to work with, and not kind,” she said. “Yes, nepotism is prevalent, but I think if it actually was what people make it out to be, we’d see even more of it,” she said. Gerber also has a role in the Apple series “Mrs. American Pie” with Laura Dern, Kristen Wiig and comedy icon Carol Burnett. She admitted to being starstruck by Burnett and thinking, “I have no idea what I’m doing there. It’s ridiculous.” Gerber, who is dating “Elvis” star Austin Butler, noted that COVID helped spark her move away from the runway and toward being a thespian. After traveling the world at a breakneck pace, she moved back home with her famous family and reevaluated her life. “Honestly, it came at a time when I really needed it, and it was a really difficult time in the world, but I really had reached a point where I just felt like I was falling out of love with it [modeling], and I didn’t know that you could ask for a break,” she said.