A pet pig once owned by a “famous YouTuber” has been found “abandoned” in a field in a “mangled” state, animal rescuers claim. Pearl was allegedly found alone next to another pig who had passed away with a “life-threatening infection” in her uterus. Thankfully, she pulled through, though she is reportedly “lucky to be alive”. Footage of her heartbreaking plight has been shared by The Gentle Barn, a US animal sanctuary who rescued Pearl from what they say would have likely been death. The now viral TikTok video details the dire state the pig was in when found and claims Pearl was “purchased originally from a breeder by an influencer.” While her previous owner hasn’t been directly named, social media has been quick to speculate the pig was once owned by YouTube megastar Logan Paul. Logan Paul, 27, has yet to comment but has shared several photos and videos with his pet pig – also named Pearl – in the past. The Gentle Barn sanctuary explained many pigs are often bought under the guise of being a “mini” breed – and cause issues for owners when they grow up to be much bigger than expected. “People often buy ‘mini pigs’ or ‘teacup pigs’ for clout online, believing they will stay small,” the caption on the video read. “When they inevitably grow very large and have many unexpected needs, they’re sadly discarded. “Pearl’s clearly been through so much trauma that we can’t begin to imagine, but she’s now safe with us at The Gentle Barn.” While many in the comments section have been quick to claim Pearl is Logan Paul’s pig – The Gentle Barn stressed in the video the pig they rescued was “irresponsibly rehomed” and then later abandoned. “While we don’t know everything she’s been through in her past, we know her life is now filled with friends, nutritious foods, the highest quality care, and so much love.” However, fans have since begun flooding Paul’s social media accounts, demanding an explanation. On Twitter, a photo Paul shared with Pearl in February 2020 has been overrun with accusations and comments of disbelief. “Why did you abandon her?” one furious user pressed. “Can you explain how Pearl was found abandoned and injured in a field,” another asked. Others have shared side-by-side images of images shared by Paul of Pearl with the spotted pig in the rescue video. In February 2021, Paul – who has over 23 million YouTube followers – moved from his home in California to Puerto Rico. Some fans of the star believe he re-homed Pearl during his relocation before she was later found abandoned by animal rescuers. A video shared on his social media channel four years ago shows the star buying the pig from a breeder with an ex-girlfriend and naming her Pearl. “This is the best decision I’ve ever made in my life,” he states during the vlog, while cradling the then piglet. By 2020, he had revealed the “mini pig” was now huge. Paul, who has tried his hand at boxing after finding fame online, recently apologised to fans who lost money after investing in his cryptocurrency game, CryptoZoo. He was criticised for encouraged people to buy cryptocurrency collectables for what he called a “really fun game that makes you money”. But more than a year after its launch, no game has materialized and Paul has apparently abandoned the project, the BBC reports.