An avid cleaner recently shared her jaw-dropping results from wiping down a nasty handrail at her home — but some of her fellow TikTokers are calling her a dirty liar. Tera Nelli, who calls herself the “Queen of Deep Clean,” has gone viral by dividing viewers on whether she cleaned or ruined a wooden railing in a video sweeping the platform with nearly 15 million views. In the seven-second clip, Nelli sprays the banister with a bubbly liquid, then wipes it down with a rag that becomes covered with a yellowish-brown residue. “Please don’t say I’m taking off the varnish/top layer,” Nelli wrote in an attempt to brush off would-be haters. The discussion went off the rails anyway. “THE VARNISH IS COMING OFF!! MY MOTHER DID THE SAME THING AND WE HAD TO REVARNISH THE HANDRAIL,” one user insisted. “Genuinely it looks like you are taking off the varnish,” another agreed. “That is definitely varnish because there is literal flakes of varnish on the rag,” another concluded. Nelli defended her cleaning practices in a follow-up video, this time using a brand new Mr. Clean Magic Eraser that appeared to be instantly covered in “dirt” when brushed against the handrail. “Come over Valerie and let’s clean it together. And don’t come at me for not wearing gloves. I know … lol,” she rebuffed a viewer in the caption, setting the video to Amy Winehouse’s “Valerie.” “Y’all are gonna have to get over the Magic Eraser considering the first video is a rag,” one commenter defended Nelli. “I don’t think anyone has actually tried to remove varnish before. it’s a lot harder to remove varnish than just wiping a Magic Eraser on it,” another added. “Why can’t people just accept that you know what you’re doing?” yet another wondered. Others didn’t find the second video convincing. “I get that it’s dirt, but a Magic Eraser is a terrible thing to make a point with, it removes paint,” one person theorized. “Isn’t a Magic Eraser literally sandpaper? Yes, this is a lot of dirt, but it’s quite possible you’re taking off some varnish too…” another reasoned. Speaking of controversial cleaning methods, TikTok is also torn over one user’s eco-friendly reusable toilet paper.