I don’t think so, Pamela. Tim Allen, 69, took a dig at Pamela Anderson, 55, days after the former Playboy model claimed he “flashed his penis” at her on the set “Home Improvement” in 1991. “She was a great co-worker, I’ll tell you that. She’s a fun girl,” Allen told the Daily Mail while on a Starbucks run. “Everybody loved her, but everybody at ABC is a little disappointed in her memory, put it that way. All of us at Disney/ABC, really,” he added. “She’s a good girl.” A source close to the situation told The Post that there have been no official conversations regarding Anderson’s comment. The Post has contacted representatives for Allen, Anderson, ABC and Disney for comment. Anderson appeared in the first two seasons of “Home Improvement” before leaving to do “Baywatch.” In an excerpt of her memoir “Love, Pamela” obtained by Variety last week, Anderson recalled the alleged encounter she had with Allen on the show, on which she portrayed Lisa the Tool Girl. “On the first day of filming, I walked out of my dressing room, and Tim was in the hallway in his robe. He opened his robe and flashed me quickly — completely naked underneath,” she claimed. “He said it was only fair because he had seen me naked. Now we’re even. I laughed uncomfortably,” she continued. But the “Toy Story” actor denied the claim. “No, it never happened. I would never do such a thing,” Allen told Variety in a statement. Anderson then attempted to defend Allen’s alleged actions in a Variety cover story, saying she was sure he meant no ill intent. “Tim is a comedian, it’s his job to cross the line. I’m sure he had no bad intentions,” the actress wrote in a text message to Variety. “Times have changed, though,” the text continued. “I doubt anyone would try that post #MeToo. It’s a new world.” However, Allen’s comedic genius was in question again last week when a throwback clip of him and his “Home Improvement” co-star Patricia Richardson went viral, in which the actor lifted his kilt in his TV wife’s direction. Richardson, 71, clarified that Allen was “well-dressed under there” in the blooper. “I was just shocked that he lifted the kilt, not by a man in boxer shorts,” she said. Anderson’s memoir and her Netflix documentary “Pamela: A Love Story” both drop on Tuesday.