Valentino’s spring fashion show included a look from the fall. American supermodel Kristen McMenamy, 58, took a tumble on the Valentino runway during their spring 2023 haute couture show in Paris earlier this week. After a viral clip of McMenamy falling to the ground made the rounds on Twitter, the luxury brand was blasted by social media users for making the catwalk queen strut in what some onlookers claimed were ill-fitting heels. In a statement to the Post, the company addressed the situation, saying: “Maison Valentino cares about the safety and wellbeing of the talented men and women hired to walk in the runway shows. Models were able to practice in the shoes and offered alternate shoe choices to ensure their comfort for the show.” The video, which has over 10 million views, featured McMenamy toppling over as she made her way down the runway. After her fall, onlookers rushed to her aid. McMenamy hurriedly trudged the rest of the catwalk barefoot like a pro. Several people on Twitter bashed Valentino following the event. “I don’t understand how literal VALENTINO still makes models walk in shoes that are too small???” a tweeter asked. “She was probably shaking. It’s embarrassing to mess up not only at work but especially in front of so many people who are watching you closely,” one added. Another said: “It’s the fit of the dress. When it’s too tight they can’t walk in heels much less in the dress. Valentino do better.” Others argued that it was the way the model’s feet are pointed –  not the fit of the designer pumps – that caused her to drop. “Nahhhhh it’s her pigeon toes to blame not the heels this time,” a user stated. Another chimed in: “No offense but she couldn’t walk straight with the shoes off either.” “It wasn’t the shoes. Her feet point in the wrong direction,” one penned. The supermodel made fun of herself Instagram, sharing a behind-the-scenes shot of herself getting ready for the show. “Before the Fall,” she captioned the snapshot. Her fans loved the look and applauded her in the comments section for making light of her own mishap. The new Valentino collection took inspiration from the global clubbing scene. Other clothing items featured in the show included neon pants and sequined garments. Creative director Pierpaolo Piccioli told British Vogue about the ideas behind the new line. “It’s the idea of the club as a place where fantasies can become real; where people are not only allowed to be who they want to be, but where their fantasies can transform them into whomever they wish to be. I think this is quite contemporary,” Piccioli said. 