Nicolas Cage won’t be giving “Star Wars” fans any new hopes. The notoriously eccentric star has revealed that he has no plans to join the “Star Wars” franchise, despite one star’s attempts to recruit him. “I’m not really down,” the “Moonstruck” actor told Yahoo! Entertainment while promoting his new Western film “The Old Way.” “I’m a Trekkie, man,” Cage continued. “I’m on the Star Trek Enterprise. That’s where I roll.” Rumors of the 59-year-old “Leaving Las Vegas” legend visiting the galaxy far, far away first entered Warp 5 after “The Mandalorian” star Pedro Pascal said that he wanted to have Cage in the franchise. “I already suggested [it]. I already said he would make a great Mandalorian,” Pascal said back in September at Disney’s D23 expo. “He’ll wear a helmet,” Pascal added. “Absolutely … Or he could be one of the helmet-less.” Cage and Pascale previously worked together on the film “The Unbearable Weight of Massive Talent” in 2022. “Star Wars” has a history of secretive celebrity cameos such as casting “James Bond” actor Daniel Craig in the franchise’s seventh film “The Force Awakens” and Lin-Manuel Miranda in the final film “The Rise of Skywalker.” Other celebrity castings include Prince Harry, Prince William and Tom Hardy as stormtroopers in “The Last Jedi,” however, their scenes were ultimately cut due to the film’s runtime. Despite being buddies with Pascal, Cage says that his allegiance is to “Star Trek.” “I’m not in the ‘Star Wars’ family. I’m in the ‘Star Trek’ family,” said Cage. “I grew up watching [William] Shatner [but] I thought Pine was terrific in the movies. I think the movies are outstanding. I like the political and the sociological [messages].” “To me, what science fiction is really all about and why it’s such an important genre is that really you can say whatever you want, however you feel,” the “National Treasure” star continued. “You put it on a different planet, you put it in a different time or in the future, and without people just jumping on you, you can really express your thoughts like [George] Orwell or whomever in the science-fiction format. And ‘Star Trek’ really embraced that.”