He’s not phoning in an apology. Bad Bunny is refusing to say sorry for throwing a female fan’s phone into a body of water, saying she got what she deserved for being “disrespectful.” Video posted to Twitter on Monday shows the 28-year-old rapper being accosted by the woman in the Dominican Republic as she attempts to snap a selfie with him on her cellular device. Clearly irritated by her presence, the musician snatches the phone from her hand and hurls it into nearby water, prompting audible gasps from onlookers. The clip has quickly clocked up more than a million views  — but Bad Bunny doubled down on his action in a tweet. “The person who comes up to me to say hello, to tell me something, or just to meet me, will always receive my attention and respect,” he wrote, translated from Spanish. “Those who come to put a f–king phone in my face I will consider it for what it is, a lack of respect, and I will treat it likewise.” Fans were left divided, with some saying the singer went too far with the phone-throwing behavior. “I understand he needs his personal space but he can’t be out here trying to live a normal life when he’s a big celebrity,” one fan wrote. “People gonna be all up on him,” “Wow! He or his reps better buy her another phone,” another unimpressed viewer declared. “Regardless of what she told him he has no right to throw her phone.” “Bottom line: he can’t just damage people’s property. He could’ve just walked away from her or called security. Lowkey he’s beginning to lose touch with reality,” a third person railed. The Post has reached out to Bad Bunny’s rep for comment. Meanwhile, others defended the “Me Porto Bonito” singer, saying may be “tired” and “need a break.” Indeed, Bad Bunny recently told Billboard that he will take some much-needed downtime in the new year after his massive “World’s Hottest Tour” in 2022. “I’m taking a break. 2023 is for me, for my physical health, my emotional health to breathe, enjoy my achievements,” he told the outlet.  “We’re going to celebrate. Let’s go here, let’s go there, let’s go on the boat. I have a couple of sporadic commitments, and I’ll go to the studio, but there’s no pressure. Remember yourself, cabrón. You’ve worked your a– off.”