Virginia Giuffre is publishing her memoir — a year after agreeing to a multimillion-dollar settlement with Prince Andrew in her sex-abuse lawsuit against the royal, The Post can reveal. Giuffre (née Roberts), who has long alleged she was trafficked and abused as a teenager by the late Jeffrey Epstein, has signed a book deal believed to be worth millions, multiple sources confirm. It’s not yet known which publisher has won the rights. Confirmation of the Giuffre deal comes amid reports that Prince Andrew wants to launch a legal bid to reclaim the estimated $12 million settlement they signed in February 2022, which he partly funded by selling his $22 million Swiss chalet. It was reported that the late Queen Elizabeth’s second son — who lost his HRH title and all public duties after it was alleged that he had sex with Giuffre when she was 17 — thinks he has a shot after Giuffre recently dropped her lawsuit against lawyer Alan Dershowitz, in which she accused him of sexual abuse. Reps for both Andrew and Giuffre were unavailable for comment, but legal sources stressed that it would be challenging for the prince to launch legal action, with one telling The Post: “It would be very difficult to overturn.” Despite agreeing to the payout, Andrew did not admit any wrongdoing and has consistently and vehemently denied the claims. As part of the settlement, the disgraced royal, 62, and Giuffre, 39, are believed to have signed a one-year agreement that meant neither of them could publicly discuss the case or their settlement. However, sources in the know say that it’s unlikely she will be allowed to write about Prince Andrew or their settlement. Despite this, royal insiders told The Post that any book from Giuffre will be an embarrassment for the royal family, particularly on the heels of Prince Harry’s “Spare” and as King Charles — Andrew’s older brother — is preparing to celebrate his coronation on May 6. One insider said, “Andrew is going to obviously be invited to the coronation, although he will not be invited onto the balcony at Buckingham Palace. But the palace will want as little drama as possible, so this is terrible timing.” Pages from a document — referred to as Giuffre’s “memoir” — were first unsealed in August 2019 amid a batch of court records related to her lawsuit against Epstein’s former lover, Ghislaine Maxwell, which settled in May 2017. That memoir, called “The Billionaire’s Playboy Club,” detailed Giuffre’s life as a teenager inside Epstein’s alleged sex ring, where she claimed she was forced to have sex with Epstein and Maxwell on command. She alleged she was also told to sleep with Epstein’s powerful friends, including Prince Andrew and former senator and Disney chairman George Mitchell. Mitchell has denied any involvement with either Epstein or Giuffre. In the 139-page exposé, which was never published, Giuffre described how Maxwell scouted her while she was working at Donald Trump’s Mar-a-Lago club in Palm Beach, Florida. Maxwell invited her to audition for a job as a masseuse — then groomed her for sex work, according to Giuffre. But Giuffre also alleged that Maxwell herself participated in sex acts and played a key role in manipulating the girls. Maxwell was arrested by the FBI in July 2020 and accused of participating in the sexual abuse of underage girls and of sex-trafficking minors. She was found guilty and is serving a 20-year sentence in a Florida jail. In a wide-ranging TalkTV interview from behind bars this week, Maxwell claimed that Epstein, who died in a New York jail cell in August 2019, had been murdered. Epstein was facing charges of trafficking underage girls for sex at the time of his death. The autopsy concluded his cause of death was suicide by hanging, although the 66-year-old’s sudden demise fueled widespread controversy and conspiracy theories. Maxwell, now 61, failed to apologize to her victims — saying they should take their “disappointment and upset” out on the US authorities who had “allowed” Epstein to die. She also claimed she had no memory of her “dear friend” Prince Andrew ever meeting Giuffre.