New details have emerged about the women accused of helping Andrew Tate run a sex and porn ring — as a Romanian teen claimed the alleged twisted influencer tried to rope her in when she was just 16. Tate’s suspected accomplices, Georgiana Naghel, 28, and Luana Radu, 32 — who have been dubbed “Tate’s Angels” — were busted alongside the accused rapist and his brother Tristan at the Romanian headquarters of their alleged crime operation Thursday. Naghel, a US citizen, is rumored to be Tate’s girlfriend — while Radu is a former cop who turned to porn, according to the Times of London. Long before she was handcuffed in the raid, Radu had worked four years at a police station in central Bucharest. She stated in official paperwork that she had just $480 to her name when she quit in 2014, the outlet said. She then started working in adult chat rooms, which was how she met Tate, who ultimately hired her as his administrative assistant, helping him to manage his online business empire, the UK Times said. Under the name Ellie Dely, she posted glamorous social media images from across the world — as well as X-rated images from her own OnlyFans account. Her last Twitter post was Dec. 21 and featured her in “intoxicating” black underwear with an open blue fur-like jacket and hat while outside in the snow. “I want to chat with you, tell you my secrets & show unrealistically hot videos that will blow your mind,” she wrote, pushing Christmas deals on her racy site. Naghel also posted glamorous shots from global hot spots, with some showing her boyfriend’s sports cars, if not Tate himself. Both women are now sharing the same police cell in Bucharest after being accused of helping to “coerce” and “control” at least six women whom Tate’s alleged enterprise forced into producing porn, multiple UK reports said. “These two women are Tate’s trusted lieutenants and his angels,” a police source told MailOnline. “They are an important part of the crimes that took place because they made sure that the women being held against their will did as they were told. “The Tate brothers financially benefited from these crimes, and so did these two women. They live a fantastic life which is not in keeping with their financial position.” Romanian investigators have accused Tate of using “the loverboy method” — seducing unsuspecting women before forcing them to perform in porn under the threat of violence from his organized gang. That is the exact method that the teenage daughter of Romanian political analyst Cozmin Gusa says the one-time champion kickboxer attempted to use on her when she was just 16. “I had just created an account on Instagram when I received a message, quite suggestive, in which Andrew Tate basically asked me to go out with him,” Daria Gusa, now 19, told the local outlet Realitatea Plus. “It seemed strange to me that someone with millions of followers [would] contact me, who had 200,” she said — before realizing he had made similar approaches to many of her friends and colleagues, too. “Another colleague continued to chat with him, and [he] invited her directly to go out with him,” she said — also calling it “the ‘loverboy’ method” and suggesting it was used on any girls he found close to his home. She thinks that Tate had no idea her dad was a well-known political analyst. “He was simply looking at who appeared on his Instagram, if [they were] in the vicinity, and he sent all the young girls, even minors, the same message inviting them to go out with him,” she claimed. While she stopped chatting with Tate, she said other young women contacted by him told her that the former UK reality TV star “bragged about the luxury cars, the restaurants he could take them to, his 20 million euro plane” while trying to seduce them. “I am sure that their method is used by many pimps in Romania,” she said of the alleged criminal group, stressing that “fortunately, my friends were not so naive.” Gusa added, “It seems strange to me that they were not detected by the authorities earlier,” given how openly Tate had bragged in some videos about some of his shady operations. She suggested it was the US Embassy that finally reported the operation to local officials, which she speculated could mean “some diplomats” or “Americans who have ties to the Tate brothers and to cover it up” may have been involved. “It’s very likely that a lot of people are involved,” she speculated. “These guys have trained their girls to record their clients. … It’s very easy to blackmail important people,” she told the local outlet. Tate previously said in an online video that “40% of the reason I moved to Romania was because rape laws are more lenient there,” the UK Times noted. “I’m not a f—ing rapist, but I like the idea of just being able to do what I want,” said the self-styled self-help guru, who previously said women should “bear some responsibility” for being raped. He, his brother and their two alleged accomplices on Friday were ordered held for another 30 days. Prosecutors said the four “appear to have created an organized crime group with the purpose of recruiting, housing and exploiting women by forcing them to create pornographic content” that “gained important sums of money.” Tate’s lawyer, Eugen Vidineac, said, “They deny the allegations, and they want to cooperate with the prosecutors and to declare their innocence.” He added: “They deny any exploitation of women.”