He’s hogging all the space in her bed. A California influencer has started sleeping with her pet pig, describing the experience as “a dream come true.” Mina Alali, 25, purchased mini-pig Merlin in March 2022 and became instantly attached to the animal. The mini Vietnamese potbelly pig weighs around 35 pounds and may grow up to 3 feet long — but the beauty won’t stop snoozing with the swine. “I just wanted any pig open to human affection and cuddling,” Alali told South West News Service. “Merlin is very needy. He sleeps next to me in my bed — he’s an amazing cuddler.” Alali has even trained her pet pig to communicate with her by pressing electronic buttons on a board. He can also high-five, dance, sit and stay. “He’s so smart it’s actually a problem,” the animal lover, who also owns rats Millie and Miracle, gushed. “He presses the ‘go outside’ button all the time, and if he wants more ice cubes to suck on he presses ‘more’ and ‘ice,'” Alali enthused of her pet’s button-pushing proficiency, saying it’s like the pig was “speaking” to her. Merlin has become a big part of the influencer’s life, joining her on coffee runs and outings with friends. She frequently documents their life together on her TikTok account. “He pulled on my heartstrings [when I first saw him],” Alali declared. “I was crying tears of happiness because my lifelong dream to own a pig was finally happening,.” However, Alali insists that owning a pet pig isn’t a walk in the park, saying it’s “like having a child.” “Pigs have the cognitive abilities of a 3-year-old, so they want attention and need to be mentally stimulated throughout the day,” the TikToker declared. Alali says she’s never alone when Merlin’s in the house, claiming he follows her everywhere. “If I’m on the couch, he jumps onto the couch or if I’m in the kitchen then he follows me into the kitchen,” she stated, adding that she doesn’t mind the constant companionship. Although the dedicated pet owner loves sharing videos of Merlin to her TikTok, she says she’s careful not to overexpose her precious pig — lest he becomes pigheaded. “We were invited to be on ‘America’s Got Talent,’ but I declined because my number one priority is for Merlin to be happy and stress-free,” the content creator explained. “Making videos in the comfort of my own home is OK because I’m not looking to exploit or put him in a stressful situation,” she added.