Guns N’ Roses . . . and school drop-off? One British mother recently sparked controversy after she posted a TikTok video of herself getting ready to drop her 5-year-old son, Jasper, off at school with a red gun painted on her face. The video has racked up over 49,000 views and dozens of comments panning the redhead for her outfit. In the video, influencer mom Charlie Hayes, 22, who goes by the username @churchofstrawberry on TikTok, showed herself with a large gun hand-drawn over her eye as she tried to style her ensemble. “Good morning, let’s get dressed for the school run,” Hayes said. “I have a gun on my face, so as you can imagine, today’s outfit is going to be a little bit crazy.” The young mother then bit the bullet as she showed off the outfit she was planning to wear to her child’s school — an “insane” maxi skirt and corset ensemble that she said she purchased from the online retail platform, Depop. “What do you think?” Hayes asked her viewers at the end of the video. “I love it, I feel very glamorous. I’m in love with this two piece. I’m just obsessed, it’s insane.” Many viewers seemed to be a fan of the look, with some calling it “gorgeous” and an “absolute work of art.” “That looks incredible,” one user wrote. “Make love not war, love it.” Another agreed, writing, “That came together so well xx.” One user even compared Hayes to actress Lisa Kudrow’s Phoebe Buffay character in the sitcom “Friends,” writing, “Don’t know if this is going to be offensive or not I think it’s a compliment but the outfit reminds me of Phoebe from friends x.” Even though Hayes had a good reaction from some, other TikTok users were not too happy with the firearm-studded outfit. “What on earth,” one person wrote, followed by a string of cry-laughing emojis. “Going to drop kids off like that.” Another commenter was shocked that Hayes had decided to sport a gun illustration at school. “I love this and wearing what you want to run your kid to school but justttt maybe the wrong place to wear guns LMAO.” “I panicked at the idea of you wearing a gun fit to a school but then remembered you’re not American,” another wrote.