If I were to get a job, but it was later discovered that I had lied extensively about my past and fabricated my resume, should I expect to be fired? Just asking for a friend. Please tell your “friend” — who may or may not be a newly elected member of Congress — that there is a difference between the typical resume embellishment and a lie. You might say, “I was one of the leaders of the effort to storm the House of Representatives” while a lie would be: “I organized the coup and became President.” There’s a difference there. It’s accepted that there’s some degree of embellishment on resumes and in interviews to add color, context and importance to a narrative that’s essentially true, but lying is never acceptable — and you never get away with lying at work. There’s no statute of limitations on the consequences for lying, either. A lie is always there, always a threat and liability because if it is ever uncovered the company has the right to terminate you for cause, with no notice, no severance, out the door, whether the lie was big or small, yesterday or 20 years ago. My employer said that I have 25 days of vacation last year. Now I’m told there was a system error and I had 5 days too many. My allowance for 2023 is also 20 days. That seems unfair since I planned my vacation for the year based on 25 days. Can they do that? Who makes their vacation plans for the entire year the first week of January? I bet you keep all of your New Years resolutions too! If the bank deposits more money into your account than you are entitled to receive and you spend it, does that mean that you don’t have to pay it back once the bank realizes their error? This isn’t Monopoly — bank error in your favor, and the same goes for an employer. In this case, your employer isn’t asking you to pay for the extra days you received mistakenly last year (and they would have difficulty enforcing that anyway, besides it being bad form). They are simply correcting your vacation days going forward. That’s their right and, since the year has just begun, you have time to adjust whatever plans you have made for the year. Gregory Giangrande has over 25 years of experience as a chief human resources executive. Hear Greg Weds. at 9:35 a.m. on iHeartRadio 710 WOR with Len Berman and Michael Riedel. E-mail: GoToGreg@NYPost.com. Follow: GoToGreg.com and onTwitter: @GregGiangrande