Yoko Ono goes for 4-mile walks to beat depression. The 89-year-old widow of The Beatles’ John Lennon — who is said to be struggling with mobility issues — shared the practice she follows to keep a clear mind. “There’s something I do to get out of depression. I walk about 80 city blocks,” Ono, who lives in New York City, tweeted on Wednesday. “That gives me a real high.” The average length of a north-south block in Manhattan runs approximately 264 feet, which means there are about 20 blocks per mile, according to StreetEasy. That means Ono’s routine hot girl walks would be 4 miles long. Ono has stayed out of the spotlight in recent years amid rumors that her health is declining. In 2017, her son Sean Lennon, now 47, pushed her in a wheelchair to receive the National Music Publishers’ Association’s Centennial Song award. “I’ve learned so much from having this illness,” Ono said during her acceptance speech. “I’m thankful I went through that.” It is still unclear what illness she was referring to, but in 2020, a source close to her staff told The Post that the avant-garde artist requires round-the-clock care and rarely leaves her sprawling apartment in the Dakota. But in photos taken at her rare public appearances — like a women’s march in January 2019 and at a celebration of John Lennon in Liverpool in May 2018 — Ono was either confined to a wheelchair or heavily leaning on a cane, with Sean or a caregiver there for support. “She has definitely slowed down, like anyone at that age,” Elliot Mintz, a close family friend, said in 2020. “But she is as sharp as she once was.” Mintz has known Ono for nearly 50 years and has acted as a family spokesman, representing the Lennon estate since the former Beatle’s murder in December 1980. Born in Tokyo, Japan, in 1933, Ono was born into a banking family who suffered from starvation during World War II. They were often forced to barter household items for food while they sought refuge from Allied bombing raids. “She is a particularly special being,” Mintz said. “In these 87 years, she’s lived 400.” The Post has reached out to representatives for Ono for comment.