Mark Patton, best known for starring in “A Nightmare on Elm Street 2: Freddy’s Revenge,” is begging for his fans’ help to pay his medical bills. The 63-year-old’s manager, Peter Valderrama, made a GoFundMe page for the actor Thursday, claiming Patton has “been ill for quite some time now” in Mexico, where he lives, with what was initially thought to be side effects of COVID-19, but has since been deemed “quite clearly AIDS-related ailments.” More than 240 donors have raised over $7,600 towards the $18,000 goal as of Friday afternoon. The Post contacted Valderrama for comment. “He needs to be transported to an American hospital down there where he can be receiving more specialized care in a safer setting,” Valderrama explained in his fund-raising pitch. “For this, we humbly need to ask for help.” Patton previously revealed he was diagnosed with HIV in 1999, on his 40th birthday. He and his husband, Hector Morales Mondragon, live in Puerto Vallarta, where they own and operate an art gallery. A fixture at horror conventions, Patton has reportedly been forced to cancel several scheduled appearances amid his struggles, but now “has decided to release his news in the hopes that his community could help him,” Valderrama wrote. “Basically I am asking for help,” Patton said in his own statement on the GoFundMe page. “I will not be embarrassed. I just want to be healthy and at home with family… I have faced these medical challenges before, and I know I have a lot of fight left in me, but the last few years have been crippling for me financially.” “If anyone is able to contribute, it would mean a life-saving option for me to be recovering in a place that can cater to my condition,” he added. Patton was a closeted gay man when “Nightmare on Elm Street 2” premiered in 1985. The film featured homoerotic themes, which he said was a struggle as he tried to keep his own sexuality a secret. Patton was the subject of the 2019 documentary “Scream, Queen! My Nightmare on Elm Street,” which chronicled his “attempts to make peace with his past and embrace his legacy as cinema’s first male ‘scream queen.’ “ His other work includes “Come Back to the 5 & Dime Jimmy Dean, Jimmy Dean” with Cher in 1982 and “Family Possessions” in 2016.