Tori Spelling and Jennie Garth are coming back to your living room — but not in the way you’d expect. The pair — who spent a decade together on “Beverly Hills 90210” — are tackling the home decor market, launching a line of products with QVC. The longtime pals unveiled their first “BFF Collection,” featuring fluffy throws, decorative pillows and a stylish bar cart, with the home shopping network on Thursday. “We wanted to bring a bit of luxe, a bit of Beverly Hills to QVC!” Spelling, 49, enthused during a sit-down interview with The Post this week. “People want to have things in their homes that make them feel happy and special and make them feel a certain warmth,” Garth, 50, added. “I think our products feel familiar somehow.” “It’s because we feel familiar,” Spelling chimed in. “I think people trust us on a level because they grew up with us.” Spelling and Garth were both in their teens when they exploded into the spotlight with starring roles on “90210” back in 1990. For 10 years, the pair played best friends Donna Martin and Kelly Taylor on the wildly popular teen drama. Life imitated art, and the pair quickly became besties off-screen, too. They’ve now been buddies for 33 years — a rarity in the world of Hollywood, where superficial and fickle friendships abound. “I don’t have a real sister, so she’s my sister,” Spelling gushed of Garth, before admitting that they often “squabble” like siblings. “We experienced something unlike anything else together for 10 years,” Garth said of why she believes her friendship with her former co-star has stood the test of time. “We spent such concentrated time together [on set]. They were very formative years, and I don’t think a lot of other people can relate to that,” she added. Despite their successful small-screen careers, the duo have long loved decorating and dreamed of working on a range together. “Even when we were young … in between takes we’d go to garage sales, estate sales, vintage stores,” Spelling spilled. And while she grew up with powerhouse producer dad Aaron in a $165 million manse complete with 27 bathrooms, a bowling alley and a beauty salon, Spelling says she has always loved cozy spaces and is drawn to quirky flea-market finds. Garth, on the other hand, prefers a more sleek and streamlined style, so the duo’s collection is “a hybrid” of their opposing aesthetics that “blend together really beautifully.” Spelling currently resides in a Hidden Hills, California, home with her husband, Dean McDermott, their five kids and 29 pets — so she can’t be too fussy about her spaces. Things are quieter for Garth, who lives in nearby Pasadena. The mom of three is almost an empty nester, with just one daughter left living at the home she shares with her husband, Dave Abrams. And while neither of the ladies lives in Beverly Hills, they wouldn’t rule out a return to the ZIP code that made them famous in the first place — revealing they’re definitely interested in a “90210” revival. “If it was fun and done right,” Garth told The Post of a possible next chapter of the original series  — which has received renewed attention after it began streaming on Paramount+. Spelling concurred, excitedly saying: “It would be crazy to be Donna and Kelly again.” “We both love the show and would probably never say no,” she added. “We wouldn’t be mad about working with all our friends again. That’s our heart.”        