Get ready to fly the friendly skies. Planes are the fastest and best way to experience the world. Through travel we learn about new horizons and illuminate aspects of yourself that you’ve never known before. Yet, while travel can be one of the most exhilarating experiences, it can also bring plenty of headaches. Southwest we are looking at you. Finding the perfect airline to bring you the most ideal flight experience is one the most crucial aspects of planning and enjoying a vacation or business experience. With so many airlines to choose from, which is the best one for you? To understand the vast world of international travel and figure about the best way for you to see the globe from see to shining sea, the New York Post spoke exclusively with travel expert Brad Pinzer, because each zodiac sign has specific traits and qualities which perfectly aligns with every airline. We put our heads together to create the definitive list of best international airlines for your zodiac sign. Find out which hotel is the best for your zodiac sign! An Aries’ love for action, excitement and being bold will lead them on a path to many exotic destinations—particularly in Asia. ANA, All Nippon Airways, is the perfect airline to help you reach these destinations including Tokyo, Bangkok, Singapore and more. With top-notch service and friendly employees, ANA is the perfect airline for an Aries seeking adventure! As a true lover of all things luxury and knowing how to appreciate the finer things in life, a Taurus will feel right at home on Qatar Airways. This especially rings true when flying Qatar’s QSuite business class product, arguably one of the best on earth! Qatar Airways is certainly one of the top options when flying to the Middle East, Africa and Asia. Treat yourself! As a Gemini, you have an insatiable curiosity about people, life and new horizons. This means you want to see the world around you and live as expansively as possible. United Airlines recently topped the list of global airlines with the most destinations—369 total—making this the best choice for Geminis. With United Airlines being able to take you to more places on earth than any other airline, you’re ready for so many new adventures. Cancers tend to be very inquisitive and enjoy learning about local culture and history. They are also compassionate and seek security. Delta Airlines is a perfect choice for a Cancer looking for the ideal flight experience. As one of the top five carriers by passengers carried, Delta flies to 275 destinations on 6 continents. This is perfect for a Cancer looking explore different places and cultures. Of the U.S. based carriers, Delta is often voted as having the best customer service, which is in tune with a Cancer’s compassionate and security-seeking tendencies. Leos have a strong will and zest for life. They love embracing their innate regality and will soar to destinations like Spain, the UK and the Netherlands. One of the best ways to get to these destinations is on Iberia, Spain’s flagship carrier. Solid service, comfortable planes and one of the best value mile redemptions in all classes from the East Coast/Chicago to Madrid Iberia! This should be the preferred way for a Leo to explore European Monarchies. As an Earth sign, Virgos tend to be one of the most practical and frugal of all zodiac signs. Spirit is the perfect fit for them. Just because Spirit is a low cost carrier doesn’t mean you can’t still enjoy your flight. Use all the money you save on flight costs to upgrade to the Big Front Seat. Think of it as essentially Spirit’s first class seat without the traditional perks of a first class ticket.  With 91 destinations in 18 countries in the US, Caribbean, Central America and South America, you can visit more places for less money. Libras are balanced and have a fixation on equilibrium. Libra can find comfort in the Scandinavian idea of “hygge.” Hygge is a word in Danish and Norwegian that describes a mood of coziness and “comfortable conviviality” with feelings of wellness and contentment. Scandinavian Airlines is the perfect airline for a Libra. With attentive service, hints of Scandinavian design on board and many destinations in Scandinavia and the rest of Europe, SAS is the right fit for a Libra to soar the skies. Scorpios are one of the most mysterious zodiac signs, which is what may lead them to unique and exotic destinations. They may even prefer destinations that are a bit off the normal path. British Airways has 200 international destinations spread out across the globe, including many destinations in Africa, Europe, Asia and the Middle East. This makes them the perfect airline for a Scorpio seeking their next adventure. Sagittarius is a zodiac sign that thirsts for adventure and new horizons. They hunger for knowledge and wisdom to satiate their mighty spirits. Turkish Airlines is a natural fit for a Sagittarius with its hub, Istanbul, being the perfect starting point for all the global adventures they may seek. Turkish Airlines business class product also earns top reviews from luxury travelers around the world. Capricorns are strategic and stylish and tend to plane very detail of their trips. American Airlines is the ideal airline choice for a Capricorn by offering one of the most extensive schedules in the world, allowing them to plan their travels how and when they want. For Capricorns that want to travel in style, American is the only U.S. based carrier to offer a separate business/first class product on some of their routes. While Flagship First will never compete on the level of luxury of Qatar or Emirates, it is certainly a step up from their Flagship business product or the business class offerings of the other major U.S. carriers. Aquarius is an open-minded zodiac sign. You tend to focus on traveling to destinations where you can be of service and do all you can to help make the world a better place. CopaAirlines is the perfect match for the Aquarius focused on service and global development. CopaAirlines is considered by many to be the top airline for traveling between North America and most countries in South America as well as the Caribbean. Copa can take you more places in Latin America than any other airline. Pisces thrive in a world between reality and fantasy. This makes Icelandair the perfect airline for them to explore places that inspire and provide an almost mystical experience. Iceland is sure to be on the top of their bucket list, and Icelandair is the top choice to get there, as well as to many other destinations in Europe. Try to snag a window seat on the port side of the plane from North America to Reyjkavik and you may just be lucky enough to catch a glimpse of the Northern Lights, a common sight on this route on east bound overnight flights. Special thanks to Brad Pinzer for collaborating with me on this article! Brad has traveled to over 34 countries and 29 U.S. states and flown over 750,000 miles. Traveling has always been a passion, whether for personal or business travel, and he believes finding the best way to travel somewhere is one of the best parts of the travel game. He has lived in Chicago, New York, Buenos Aires, Tampa, Minneapolis and Milwaukee. Interacting with and meeting local people domestically and abroad is what he enjoys about travel the most. He started Fare Game Travel as a way to help others find their way through the world no matter their budget. Astrology 101: Your guide to the stars Kyle Thomas is a globally recognized pop culture astrologer who has been featured in “Access Hollywood,” E! Entertainment, NBC & ABC television, Cosmopolitan Magazine, Hulu, Bustle, Elite Daily, Marie Claire and more. He is known for his cosmic guidance for celebrities, business executives and prominent influencers. His work harnesses the power of the stars in regards to entertainment lifestyle and trends affecting people worldwide. For more information, visit KyleThomasAstrology.com.