Batgirl’s wings were clipped in 2022 — and Leslie Grace is feeling nostalgic. The 27-year-old actress — who was slated to play Barbara Gordon in the scrapped “Batgirl” blockbuster — has shared new photos from the set of the failed flick. The images were included in an end-of-year montage posted by the star to her Instagram account on Sunday. “Thank you for teachin’ me, 2022. You were singular in many ways that will stay with me,” the actress captioned the post. “My gratitude and love for life is much deeper thanks to the experiences you brought me. I take your lessons with me as we part.” Several snaps appear to have been taken in Grace’s dressing room during filming of the Warner Bros. project, which was supposed to stream on HBO Max in 2023. Images of Grace interacting with young kids in Batman and Batgirl costumes were also included, as was a separate image of the actress with Brendan Fraser, who was to play the character of Firefly. It’s not the first time that Grace has shared behind-the-scenes “Batgirl” snaps, having previously posted images of herself clad in costume as she prepared to play the comic book character. In August, The Post broke the news that Warner Bros. had permanently “shelved” the nearly-completed film — something that was allegedly unknown to the cast at the time. Warner Bros. Discovery CEO David Zaslav decided against releasing the $90 million movie, which was in the post-production phase, in order to take a tax write-down, according to The Hollywood Reporter. Paying audiences will never see the flick — although a select group of insiders were allegedly invited to “funeral screenings” on the Warner Bros. lot this summer before the footage was locked away in a vault. Adding to the drama, filmmakers Adil El Arbi and Bilall Fallah said they were unable to access any footage from the film once Warner Bros. declared it dead. However, paparazzi did manage to capture shots of stunt doubles for Grace, Fraser, and Michael Keaton on the set of the movie, so fans do have something to look back on. And there are still hopes that Grace could play Batgirl in a future flick. Warner Bros. Pictures Group’s chiefs Michael De Luca and Pam Abdy are allegedly trying to come up with ideas for her inclusion in a future DC Comics project, or “at least” offer her a starring role in another Warner Bros. production. Meanwhile, in the latest shakeup from Warner Bros., Henry Cavill revealed he will no longer reprise his role as Superman as appointed DC Studios executives James Gunn and Peter Safran are going a different direction.