JoJo Siwa isn’t dancing around her reality TV trauma. The 19-year-old dancer — and Gen Z gay icon — is going viral for her reaction to a resurfaced clip from Lifetime’s “Dance Moms.” The show, which ran from 2011 to 2019, followed the demanding and aggressive dance teacher Abby Lee Miller, of the Abby Lee Dance Company in Pittsburgh, as she trained young female dancers — and dealt with their competitive, catty mothers. In a TikTok on Tuesday, now at 14 million views, Siwa watches as her younger self stands before her peers, with Miller instructing them to list reasons why their star dancer Siwa shouldn’t be a part of the dance company. “Sometimes she’s very loud,” one girl fired off, and “a little too crazy,” echoed another. Other’s agreed her choreography had “timing issues,” and she lip syncs too much during live performances. Then, the girls let Siwa know how they really feel. “You take opportunities from people who have been here longer,” one sneered. “You’re lucky to even be a guest here at the ALDC,” Miller then told an emotional Siwa. “If you’re so good, you don’t really need to be a part of the Abby Lee Dance Company.” “She deserves nothing,” Miller screamed to the room as some mothers watched. “Don’t have an attitude that you are entitled in this world, you deserve nothing.” Following more hard footage, Siwa’s TikTok concluded with a more recent clip of her revaeling a “stress rash” on her head, which she alleges developed during her days on “Dance Moms.” The “Dancing With the Stars” runner-up also captioned the heartbreaking scenes with Miller’s own quote: “You have to be ready to put your heart on a platter, and for someone to stab it.” The flashbacks were a “horrific” reminder for fans, of why “Dance Moms” was later criticized for its harsh treatment of the aspiring dancers, as one viewer wrote below the montage, “The trauma… its so unfair how this show was cruel.” “I never understood how the mothers just stood there!! I’d have ripped her hair out,” added another. “Yet you’re the most successful out of them all!” one fan encouraged, in reference to Siwa’s reported $20 million net worth. Meanwhile, Miller recently sold the original Abby Lee Miller Dance Company building located in Penn Hills, Pennsylvania. “It may be the ‘End Of An Era for Pittsburgh,’ but it’s just the beginning of an Allegheny County, Penn Hills School District & Penn Hills Municipality Tax-Free life for me!” Miller confirmed the sale on Instagram. Miller is now confined to a wheelchair after being diagnosed with Burkitt lymphoma in 2018. She has since declared that she is cancer free. In July 2017, Miller began her one-year prison sentence for felony bankruptcy fraud. She was released early in March 2018 and served the remainder of her sentence at a halfway house.