Sure, we love shopping for gifts and the best deals, but we love spending our hard-earned FSA and HSA dollars even more. While 2023 just begun and we’re not thinking about deadlines quite yet, it’s always a good idea to keep use-it-or-lose-it stock-ups on first-aid supplies, OTC medications and more, in mind. Additionally, it’s important to understand all the ins and outs of the FSA (flexible spending accounts) and HSA (health savings accounts) programs so you can shop smarter. You’ll be the most brilliant product hunter this year, too, thanks to our two FSA Store and HSA Store experts we turned to for this all-in-one explainer. We recommend the best items to shop for, too. “You would be surprised at all the ways you can spend your FSA and HSA dollars,”  Rachel Rouleau, chief compliance officer at Health E-Commerce, the parent brand to the FSA Store and HSA Store, told the New York Post. “The FSA Store and HSA Store carry more than 2,500 IRS-eligible products that people buy every day.” Click to jump to the best FSA & HSA Store items: “An FSA is an employer-sponsored benefit that allows employees to set asidepre-tax payroll dollars to pay for qualified medical expenses,” Rouleau said. “The IRS defines eligible expenses for FSAs, and the list includes a wide variety of medical products and services, including co-pays, costs associated with medical procedures, everyday health and wellness items and much more.” “An FSA is a tax-advantaged spending account that allows eligible employees to set aside money from their pay before taxes to spend on qualified medical expenses,” Rouleau explained. “If an FSA holder incurs a qualifying medical expense, they can usually use an FSA debit card to access their funds to pay for it, or they can pay for it out of pocket and be reimbursed by submitting a claim after.” An FSA is typically managed by a third-party administrator (which can be a company’s human resource department), and FSA holders often have access to keep track of their balances, deadlines and other important FSA information through an online account. The IRS determines what is eligible. “In the past few years, Congress and the IRS have expanded eligibility, giving consumers even more flexibility to use their tax-free health care dollars for everyday health products and services,” Rouleau adds. Not to mention, the FSA Store and HSA Store offer the industry’s most comprehensive, searchable eligibility list to make budgeting and spending tax-free dollars simple. An HSA is a health savings account,” Itamar Romanini, vice president and general manager of the HSA Store, told The Post. “This tax-advantaged account also allows individuals to set aside pre-tax payroll dollars into a special account that can be used throughout the year to pay for IRS-approved healthcare expenses.” You must be enrolled in a qualified high-deductible health plan to open an HSA, either on your own or through your employer. HSA funds roll over from year to year, and can be invested. HSAs offer a triple tax advantage: No tax going in, no tax on balance accumulation, no tax when used for eligible expenses. An individual can enroll in an HSA through their employer-sponsored benefits or on their own, as long as they are enrolled in a qualified high-deductible health plan, according to Romanini. Individuals may typically enroll in an HSA at any time, although expenses only become eligible once the account has actually been opened. “The individual designates how much they want to contribute (based on the current IRS mandated contribution limits) and contributions can either be made through automated payroll deductions or manually by the individual as they are able to contribute,” Romanini explains. “Funds contributed outside of pre-tax payroll deductions may be deducted from taxes at tax time.” To use HSA funds, the individual can use an HSA debit card (if available) or they can pay out of pocket for expenses and reimbursement themselves later. HSAs may be used to pay for the same products and services that will qualify with an FSA, and the eligibility of those products and services is governed by the IRS. Alleviate your sore muscles (or prevent them from becoming sore in the first place) with the Chirp 3-in-1 Muscle Roller. The brand combined its 4″ Focus Wheel and Focus Handle to provide an all-in-one tool to help target pressure points and remedy soreness. Plus, its ergonomic design is especially good for rehabilitation purposes. Let’s be real — we all struggle with headaches and tired eyes every now and then. With the Aura Ease Migraine & Eye Reliever, your FSA dollars will be well-spent. Namely, this item is designed to target pressure points via oscillating pressure, heats up to 107 degrees Fahrenheit and offers a rhythmic percussion massage. The Aura Pulse Compressive Health Tracker is designed to highlight key metrics like your heart rate, sleep health and more. When paired with the brand-new AuraTrack health app, you can track your lung and heart health, too. Not to mention, it encourages you to move around. Say less. We’re beyond thrilled one of our favorite brands — namely for moisturizers with SPF — is FSA-eligible. Supergoop! has its top-rated Every. Single. Face. Watery Lotion SPF 50 up for grabs that’s perfect to add to your daily skincare routine. Target your ingrown toenails with this practical FSA-eligible buy: the Aura Sleek Callus, Corn & Ingrown Toe Nail Remover. Conveniently, it’s designed for at-home use and is clad with a bright LED light to ensure you’ll be grooming to perfection. Please note all of the below items are also FSA-eligible. We reviewed 23andMe and can’t say enough good things about the service. Learn more about your ancestry and physical health with 23andMe’s best-selling Heath Service, an item that’s both HSA- and FSA-eligible for less than $200. One of FSA Store’s best-selling items year after year is the Sharper Image Calming Heat Massaging Weighted Heating Pad. For less than $100, it comes with nine settings to help you relax and feel your best (thanks, HSA!) The Chirp Wheel+ 3-Pack is a fitness splurge worth making, namely for its three different sized wheels that help with back pain relief and muscle recovery. Specifically, the 12″ delivers a stretch and massage, the 10″ adds pressure to massage along the spine and the 6″ helps rid yourself of those tight knots (you know, the ones that are never wanted). If you struggle with acne, invest in the dp lla Professional Acne Treatment Light Therapy. Though a splurge, this LED light therapy tool is an over-the-counter Class II medical device that uses three powerful treatment settings, depending on the severity of your skin condition. Not to mention, it helps soothe inflammation and minimize pores. The Ultimate Foot Circulator is a must-buy item that’s both HSA- and FSA-eligible. Namely, it delivers drug-free relief by relaxing stiff muscles and reducing swollen feet and ankles — all while increasing circulation. It’s an investment-worthy grab, if we do say so ourselves. Most people think of co-pays, dental visits, elective procedures like Lasik, glasses orcontacts when they think of using an FSA or HSA,” Rouleau said. “However, an FSA can be used to purchase thousands of everyday healthcare items, so account holders can protect their health and well-being year-round.” OTC medications are consistently a top seller, too, because these are products that everybody needs and uses, and that they buy on a recurring basis. “Other new, surprisingly eligible items include Byte Aligners, OTC hearing aids, high-tech pain relief devices and wheels, the Aura migraine device, and a podiatry device, to name a few,” Rouleau adds. Here are some FSA- and HSA-eligible products to pick up: For HSAs, there are no spending deadlines. However, account holders who want to make contributions for the prior tax year, must do so by the tax filing deadline. For example, you can make a contribution for 2022 up until April 18 (the 2023 tax filing deadline). For FSAs, the primary deadlines are: Consumers can spend FSA dollars anywhere that carries eligible products at the retail location of their choice, but FSA Store is the only retailer that provides guaranteed eligibility with zero guesswork, because it carries exclusively FSA- and HSA-eligible items. Using an FSA or HSA to pay for healthcare expenses is an excellent way to fight inflation because you are using tax-free dollars. “The money you contribute to an FSA or HSA decreases your taxable income, plus there is no tax or penalty to withdraw that money for eligible expenses,” Rouleau says. “Depending on your tax bracket, consumers can save up to 30% (or more) on everyday healthcare needs by using FSA or HSA funds.” Aside from the FSA Store, you can also redeem your leftover FSA or HSA dollars on Amazon. To redeem, place your order on amazon.com/fsa and submit your invoice to your benefit administrator for reimbursement. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.