What a score! A 102-year-old soccer superfan got the message of a lifetime from the iconic David Beckham this week. In a heartfelt video, the former England captain thanked Mona Hurry, who “adores” the player, for her unwavering support throughout his career. Hurry, who resides in the Castor Lodge Care Home in Peterborough, was so “overwhelmed” by the sweet clip, the facility told the BBC on Saturday. She “couldn’t believe he had done something so special for her,” the statement continued. “He doesn’t have airs and graces,” Beckham’s self-described “oldest fan” gushed to the Mirror. In the video, Beckham, 47, called the World War II code breaker an “incredible woman.” During the war, Hurry served in the Women’s Royal Naval Service to “crack the secrets of German wartime communication,” Laura Mills, who works at the home, told the BBC. “Hey Mona, I just wanted to send you a message because everybody at Castor Lodge, all of the staff and, of course, your daughters, have said what an incredible lady you are,” Beckham said in the message. “I also want to personally say thank you because I know that you’ve followed my career —my whole career — and I know you’re a huge football fan,” he continued. “I’m sending lots of love for being an incredible person.” “So I just wanted to say thank you so much for all the support over the years.” The mega-fan even received a cardboard cut-out of the soccer star during the Beckham-themed party the home hosted. “Mona adores David Beckham and loves to talk about him,” Mills told the BBC. “She always says what a special, lovely and charitable man he is.” “She is an incredibly sweet and kind lady herself, who always reaches out to everybody in the home to ask how they are,” she fawned. Even Hurry’s daughters, Victoria and Maureen, were in awe of the celebrity’s sweet message. “It is years since I have seen my mother with such a smile on her face,” Maureen told the Mirror. “Who knew a cut-out David Beckham was all it needed?! Thank you for doing this for her.” “Absolutely amazing — my mother looks so animated and is smiling,” Victoria added. “Thank you all at Castor for your thoughtfulness and for making my mother a day to remember.” Beckham’s video surprise comes as he was spotted with sports pal Tom Brady for a family pizza party Thursday in Miami.