Bowl season winds down on Monday with a top-10 showdown between Penn State (10-2) and Utah (10-3) in the Rose Bowl. Not only are these two teams close in the AP College Football Rankings, but bookmakers are having a tough time separating them as the Utes sit as a modest 2.5-point favorite over the Nittany Lions. But rather than try to split hairs to find an angle on the spread for this matchup, bettors may be better suited looking towards the Over/Under for value. One of the first things that sticks out in this matchup is that these offenses can both score in bunches — Utah averages 40 points per game and Penn State just under 36 — but they go about their business in different ways. Utah is the more methodical of the two offenses and likes to impose its will in the run game to wear defensive units out. The Utes rank fifth in the country in rushing success rate and 11th in expected points added (EPA) per rush play, so you can expect a heavy dose of ground-and-pound from Utah in Pasadena. Penn State’s defense isn’t poor against the run necessarily, but they finished the season ranked 47th in rushing success rate and 36th in EPA per rush, so the advantage in the trenches is with the Utes when they have the ball. But this isn’t a one-dimensional unit, either. Utah is also a very effective passing offense that finished 10th in passing success rate. The Utes may not be explosiveness, but they’re able to move the ball down field in a pragmatic, effective manner to set themselves up for scores. While Utah’s offense is slow, methodical and effective, Penn State’s offense relies on hitting big plays to get the defense turned around. That type of recipe should work out just fine for the Nittany Lions in this matchup as Utah’s biggest weakness on defense is limiting the big play. Penn State finished the season ranked 32nd in the country in explosiveness on offense, while Utah’s defense was 110th in the same metric. Backing the over in a matchup that features a lumbering offense like Utah — the Utes rank 107th in seconds per play — is a bit scary, but Penn State’s ability to rip off quick plays and Utah’s inability to prevent them should more than make up for it. Over 51.5 total points (BetMGM)