First lady Jill Biden was recovering Wednesday after surgeons removed two cancerous lesions from her face and chest, the White House said, adding that doctors are examining a third lesion that was removed from her eyelid. “As anticipated, the First Lady is experiencing some facial swelling and bruising, but is in good spirits and is feeling well,” Physician to the President Dr. Kevin C. O’Connor said in a statement. “She will return to the White House later today.” Biden, 71, underwent the outpatient procedure, known as Mohs surgery, at the Walter Reed National Military Medical Center in Bethesda, Maryland. She was accompanied to the medical center by President Biden, who remained at the facility for the duration of her stay, lasting more than 6 hours. “The procedure confirmed that the small lesion was basal cell carcinoma,” O’Connor said of the lesion removed above her right eye. “All cancerous tissue was successfully removed and the margins were clear of any residual skin cancer cells. We will monitor the area closely as it heals, but do not anticipate any more procedures will be needed,” he added. O’Connor also noted that surgeons discovered “an additional area of concern” on the left side of the first lady’s chest during a pre-operative examination and removed it as well. “This lesion was also excised utilizing Mohs surgery, and basal cell carcinoma. was confirmed. Again, all cancerous tissue was successfully removed,” said O’Connor. The third lesion on the first lady’s left eyelid was removed and sent for microscopic examination to determine if it was cancerous. O’Connor noted that basal cell carcinoma lesions “do not tend to spread or metastasize as some more serious skin cancers,” however, they can get bigger and become more challenging to remove if left untreated. Earlier this month, the top doctor at the White House announced that one of the lesions was discovered on Biden during a routine skin cancer screening. “In an abundance of caution, doctors have recommended that [the lesion] be removed,” O’Connor explained at the time. Jill Biden’s stepson Beau died of a brain tumor in 2015, and one of her top issues as first lady has been supporting efforts at finding a cure for cancer.