If you can’t decide whether or not you love the “Harry Potter” franchise or LEGOs more, you’ve definitely come to the right place. Potterheads have been flying around the wizarding world for more than 20 years now, and LEGO has been making enchanting building kits inspired by the books and movies for almost as long. That’s why we just knew we had to bring you this ultimate “Harry Potter” LEGO set article filled with top picks. Whether you consider yourself to be a witch, wizard or muggle, there’s an option for all types: skill level, age, budget. These “Harry Potter” themed sets feature several symbols from the magical world that will inspire imaginative play, each filled with authentic details from the popular series. Return to the school of Witchcraft and Wizardry with this epic LEGO set that features incredible detailing and more than 6,000 pieces. Incorporate some of your favorite characters into your “Harry Potter” LEGO collection. The Chamber of Secrets? We’re in! This building kit features multiple magical rooms and a posable Basilisk with opening jaws, rotatable head and a three-part tail. Take playtime to the max with this epic mini replica of Dumbledore’s office. If you’re on the hunt for “hard to find” LEGO sets, consider your goal achieved. This Hogwarts Express will have you reliving the moment when Harry, Ron and Hermione meet for the very first time. Take yourself to the heart of the magical action with this shrieking shack and whomping willow LEGO set. The set includes iconic characters, an adult and baby Thestral, a buildable carriage, plus movie-accurate accessories. This set features characters like Harry, Hermione, and Ron minifigures, a buildable Moaning Myrtle’s bathroom and authentic accessories. This set is packed (pun intended) with furniture that magically reconfigures, accessories from the movies and an assortment of minifigure parts that kids can combine to create different characters. While the last “Harry Potter” move came out more than a decade ago, LEGO is still creating brand new building sets inspired by the series. Get this Triwizard Tournament kit starting March 1, 2023. Available for preorder today. For more content, check out the New York Post Shopping section.