Three days after parting ways with Mike LaFleur, the Jets have reportedly found two candidates for their offensive coordinator position. Gang Green interviewed Eagles pass game coordinator Kevin Patullo on Friday, NFL Network’s Tom Peilssero reported. The Jets also requested to interview Patriots tight ends coach Nick Caley, according to NFL Network’s Ian Rapoport. Caley is expected to interview during the upcoming week. Patullo and Philadelphia are currently on a bye until the divisional round after finishing with the NFC’s top record. Patullo, who has worked with the Eagles since 2021, helped develop an offense that finished third in the NFL in yards per game (389.1), ninth in passing yards per game (241.5), fifth in rushing yards per game (147.6) and third in points per game (28.1). The pass game coordinator also helped morph Jalen Hurts into an MVP candidate this season. Patullo was previously with the Jets for two seasons as a quarterbacks coach, and after a brief return to collegiate coaching, he spent three years with the Colts before joining Nick Sirianni’s staff in Philadelphia. With Indianapolis, Patullo held positions as a wide receivers coach and passing game specialist. Caley emerged as a popular offensive coordinator candidate — both in-house for New England and externally — after spending the last eight seasons with the Patriots in a variety of positions. He joined Bill Belichick’s staff as an offensive assistant in 2015 before becoming the team’s tight ends coach, with a two-season overlap as New England’s fullbacks coach. The Jets are looking for LaFleur’s replacement after his two-year tenure in New York ended this week. The Jets started the 2022 season 7-4, but a six-game losing streak extinguished any playoff chances. The Jets then parted ways with LaFleur — a move intended to allow him the chance to pursue other opportunities. LaFleur has been pegged as a candidate “expected” to join Sean McVay’s staff with the Rams, according to NFL Network’s Mike Garafolo.