Mayor Eric Adams isn’t too hot on Gov. Hochul’s proposal to ban gas stoves, declaring electric burners “just doesn’t cook for me.” “Those of us that are good cooks, you know, people don’t realize electric stoves can’t give you the right setting when you are cooking something,” he declared when asked about the plan by a Post reporter Monday. Hizzoner admitted he’s even the proud owner of a gas stove himself “I’m a good cook,” he declared, “and that electric stove just doesn’t cook for me!” Hochul’s plan would outlaw all gas stoves, hot water heaters and oil furnaces in new residential and commercial construction by 2028 across the Empire State. The proposal would have to be signed into law either as part of her state budget due April 1 or as a piece of legislation first passed by the legislature then signed by Hochul. It’s part of the state’s bid to cut down New York’s greenhouse gas emissions, as mandated by a law signed in 2019 by Hochul’s predecessor, now-disgraced Andrew Cuomo. It’s also enraged restaurant owners and chefs, who argue going electric will slow down kitchen production, since some dishes benefit greatly from preparation via gas flame. Hizzoner – a self-proclaimed vegan who also eats fish – added the change could limit whether or not he’s able to order a grilled branzino in the future. “Well, it depends on what my taste buds is like, you know, so if I want a steamed branzino or a you know, a vegan burger or whatever, you know, whatever [way] I want to cook it — to steam, if it’s fried, if it’s boiled – you know?” he said. “I’m not imprisoned to what people think I should eat. I’m free to eat what I want to eat.” President Biden’s administration floated a similar, nationwide ban in response to studies that indicate harmful pollutants released by gas stoves can cause respiratory illnesses and other health problems – but walked back the idea following backlash. “We have a moral imperative to protect our environment and our climate for future years, but we have to do it in a way that does not put stress on families and businesses, and that is my commitment. No one, no one is being required to get rid of their gas stove. Not now, not ever,” Hochul told reporters during a separate press conference Monday in the upstate city of Dunkirk. “No one is taking away anyone’s gas stoves. The Governor’s proposals would not impact existing gas stoves in homes and businesses. We are focused on continuing to advance the boldest climate policies in the nation to protect the health and safety of our children and the planet, all while lowering energy bills and prioritizing energy affordability and reliability,” Hochul spokeswoman Hazel Crampon-Hays added in a statement provided to The Post.