Valentine’s Day is a month away which means it’s time to make a reservation at your partner’s  favorite restaurant and to embark on the journey to find the perfect gift for your special someone. Whether you’re shopping for your partner, family member or BFF, there are so many great options on the market. From a personalized present to something you can buy easily on Amazon, you likely won’t have an issue this year. On the off chance that you’re still struggling to find something great, you can’t go wrong with a Valentine’s Day gift basket! While gift baskets get a bad rep for not being very thoughtful, we can’t think of many better gifts for your one and only than a package delivered right to their doorstep, jam-packed with chocolate, cookies, cheese, fruit and alcohol (if you’re 21+ of course). To shop this guide by category, simply click on each link below: Who doesn’t love mini cupcakes? Baked by Melissa’s Valentine’s Day box features six different flavors: marshmallow, dark chocolate, dulce de leche, brookie, red velvet and strawberry. When in doubt, you can’t go wrong with a luxurious box of Godiva chocolates. If your loved one has a sweet spot for brownies, bring their favorite dessert to the next level with these bite-size, heart-shaped goodies. These decadent chocolate covered strawberries are sure to make an impression this Valentine’s Day. If you won’t to go the extra mile, consider sending these strawberries and a bouquet of red roses! These adorable and aesthetically pleasing V-day themed cookies will look great in any kitchen. This donut and coffee set from Stan’s Donuts is another great option. It comes with six assorted gourmet donuts, a bag of coffee and one ceramic mug — delivered in a light pink box. Woo the one you love with these rich, dark and moist chocolate truffle cake pops that are decorated with pink and red icing and festive sprinkles. These chocolate covered pretzel rods are another great option if you want to gift them something a bit sweeter. Send them a box filled of goodies from one of NYC’s most iconic deli’s — Zabar’s. For the Valentine who likes a healthy balance of fruit and chocolate, consider getting them this gift basket from 1-800-Baskets.com that comes with pears, oranges, apples, chocolate and more. This gift box is made for hot sauce lovers! It’s filled with options that add just a kick of flavor to your meal and then there are concoctions that have you reaching for a glass of milk faster than you can say “pepper.” Whether you’re shopping for a kiddo, partner or BFF, they’ll all love this Milk Bar sampler that comes with cookies, truffle balls and even a slice of pie. If your Valentine loves flowers but you want to go a bit outside of the box this year, consider this adorable bouquet that’s filled with yummy donuts. This festive gift basket is filled with fun goodies like sharp cheddar cheese, nuts, chocolate and so much more. For a decadent and fun Italian treat, consider sending your loved one this box of tasty biscotti cookies from Cravings by Zoe. For a balanced basket for the healthier eater in your life, consider getting them this Harry & David V-day basket that comes with a plethora of fruit and a handful of chocolates. This candy assortment from Dylan’s Candy Bar is filled with Valentine’s Day hard candy, chocolates and a gummy mix that is 100% kid-approved. If you’re looking for a fun, festive and family-friendly gift to send to loved ones but don’t want to break the bank, this Valentine’s Day cooking decorating kit from Cheryl’s Cookies is a great option. A personalized gift basket filled with goodies both adults and kids will love? We’re in! The kids are sure to be excited after receiving this fun and colorful tin from The Popcorn Factory. It comes with three or four different popcorn flavors, depending on the gallon size you choose. While we didn’t think cupcakes could get anymore fun, eating them out of a jar certainly will up to the happiness scale for kids and adults! Each jar contains the equivalent of two regular-sized cupcakes. Cookie Fries takes a typical shortbread cookie to a whole new level with its crinkle-cut French fry shape. They’re yummy and fun to eat for all ages! Spoil the kiddo in your life with this epic Valentine’s Day box that comes with a wide variety of candy, chocolate and popcorn. While you can certainly opt for the full-size Baked by Melissa V-day pack, these mini four packs are great for families with more than one child, since each little one can have their own selection. If your little one is constantly asking you for the Oreos you hide on the top shelf, consider surprising them with this fun and festive, chocolate covered version of their favorite cookie. Little unicorn lovers will adore this gift basket that comes with a mystical plush, face masks, candy, a coloring book and more. Pets are part of the family, too! This gift basket is jam packed with a variety of treats and toys for dogs and puppies. If they’re a fan of champagne, consider sending them this gift basket that includes three bottles of bubbly, chocolate and truffles. For the beer lover, consider getting them this “Beers around the World” gift pack that allows them to try different brews from around the globe. If they like to drink a glass of wine (and nothing more), gifting them Usual Wines’ Valentine’s Day 12-pack is a great option as their bottles come with just one serving of their desired wine. For more content, check out the New York Post Shopping section.