The secret to hot sex is never sleeping with your spouse. A mother of four says she and her husband maintain a “passionate and spicy” sex life because they sleep in separate beds. Orthodox Jew Miriam Ezagui, 36, also abstains from being intimate with husband Aron, 35, for two weeks of the month due to Niddah — a religious rule whereby a couple cannot touch each other until seven days after a woman stops menstruating. “During the time of Niddah, we can’t be physical in any way, so any problems you have can’t be solved by a ‘kiss and make up,'” Brooklynite Miriam, 36, told South West News Service. “You have to work through issues with words on a deeper level and it is definitely something which enriches the relationship.” To stave off any temptation during that two-week time period, the couple started to sleep in separate beds. They decided to make it a permanent practice after finding that it also helped with their sleep. Miriam is a labor and delivery room nurse, while Aron is a paramedic who often works night shifts, so the pair’s sleeping schedules were often out of sync. Meanwhile, the erotic Ezaguis say the two beds have also made for one super-hot love life. “We made the decision because we like our own space, but it has some benefits too,” Miriam declared. “Sharing a bed, even outside of Niddah, makes you so much more sensitive to touch and makes it more special because you don’t take it for granted when you can again. “When you haven’t been physical or even touched for two weeks, the sex feels like your wedding night all over again,” she continued. “It keeps things passionate and spicy.” The mama also added: “Keeping half the months with no contact, and never sharing a bed, makes the relationship more intimate.” Many outside of Orthodox Judaism believe that adherents frown on the idea of sex that is not for the purpose of procreation. However, Miriam defiantly declared that is a misconception and says her religion encourages lovemaking purely for pleasure. “The way Judaism views intercourse is as a positive thing for a couple to engage in,” she declared. “When you can be together, you should — regardless if it’s to make a baby or just for pleasure. “In the time of the month where you are allowed to have sex in Judaism, it’s not seen as something we shouldn’t enjoy,” the wife added. “It’s considered an extremely holy time and something which can strengthen the relationship.”