Most 88-year-olds are enjoying their retirement. Frankie Valli clearly isn’t most 88-year-olds. The 1990 Rock and Roll Hall of Fame inductee, “Sopranos” guest star and inspiration for “Jersey Boys” has lined up 23 concerts all over North America in 2023. That includes huge shows at Newark’s New Jersey Performing Arts Center on April 28, Red Bank’s Meridian Health Theatre on June 1 and Chautauqua’s Chautauqua Amphitheater on June 30. While we can’t guarantee what Valli will include in his set list, we can bet that mega hits like “Oh, What A Night (December 1963),” “Can’t Take My Eyes Off You,” “Sherry,” “Big Girls Don’t Cry” and “Walk Like A Man” should sneak their way in. Maybe even “Grease” and “My Eyes Adored You” too. There really are too many smash singles to name. So, if seeing Valli live has been on your bucket list forever —or if you want to hear his legendary falsetto in person for the umpteenth time — here’s how you make sure you catch him live in 2023.  A complete calendar including all of Frankie Valli’s tour dates, venues and cheapest tickets available for each show can be found here. (Note: The New York Post confirmed all above prices at the publication time. All prices are subject to fluctuation and include additional fees at checkout.) Vivid Seats is a verified secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand. They offer a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and your tickets will be delivered prior to the event.  The musical based on the story of Frankie Valli and the Four Seasons ran on Broadway from Nov. 2005 to Jan. 2017 making it the longest running show in the August Wilson Theatre’s history. Although, the jukebox musical is no longer on the Great White Way, you can catch it on tour all over North America in cities like Spokane, WA and Pittsburgh, PA. Want to know if and when “Jersey Boys” is coming to you? Check out the show’s schedule to see where it will be when, here.  It’s been a whopping 53 years since the ’60s ended. Somehow, quite a few acts that broke into the mainstream over the course of the free love decade are still playing to audiences all over the U.S. Here are just five of our favorite singers and groups that were big back when The Beatles were around who are touring in 2023. • The Temptations • The Beach Boys • Smokey Robinson • Dead and Company • Rod Stewart Want even more of the biggest stars from yesterday? Check out our list of the 22 biggest classic rockers on tour in 2023 here.