Accused killer Bryan Kohberger’s defense team has hired a veteran Washington state crime scene reconstruction expert. Forensic expert Matthew Noedel, owner and operator of Noedel Scientific, and his team spent five hours inside the home on 1122 King Street, Moscow, where four University of Idaho students were brutally stabbed on Nov. 13. While Kohberger faced a Pennsylvania judge on Tuesday and agreed to be extradited to Idaho, Noedel’s team painstakingly examined the inside of the three-story house and the perimeter of the property, which had earlier been combed for evidence by police forensic teams. The Post confirmed with Moscow Police Kohberger’s legal team, including his state-appointed defense attorney Anne Taylor, was at the home Tuesday. Noedel was seen going in and out of the home wearing white gloves and surgical foot covers over his shoes. According to his website, Noedel’s specialities include crime scene reconstruction, bloodstain pattern analysis and shooting reconstruction. He claims more than 30 years experience in the field, and provides 2D and 3D models of his findings when called to testify as an expert in court. “The evaluation and examination of bloodstains at crime scenes is often overlooked and misunderstood,” according to the Noedel Scientific website. “Bloodstains can exist on clothing, walls, hidden behind baseboards or under carpets. Do not underestimate the significance of bloodstains.” Over the years, Noedel has been called as a defense expert witness to numerous shocking cases, including the trial of Christopher Kruse, who was charged with the 2015 murder of his wife Janette Pigman-Kruse in Worthington, Ohio. Noedel offered a second opinion on firearm and crime scene analysis on the Kruse case and jury ended up acquitting him after 12 hours of deliberation. Noedel also was used as an expert speaking in a Fox investigation into rapper Tupac Shakur’s death. Kohberger is accused of killing University of Idaho students Madison Mogen, 21, Kaylee Goncalves, 21,  Xana Kernodle, 20, and Ethan Chapin, 20, on Nov. 13 at their rental home in Moscow. The three female victims lived in the home with two other women, Bethany Funke and Dylan Mortensen, who were left unharmed and somehow slept through the murders. “There was blood everywhere. We have investigators who have been on the job for 20, even 30, years, and they say they have never seen anything like this,” a police source told the Daily Mail at the time. A trail of blood oozing from the foundation of the home is still visible and has remained untouched for more than a month. Kohberger, 28, a criminology PhD student who attended nearby Washington State University, was arrested on Dec. 30 at his parents’ home Monroe County, Pa. Plans to have a private crime scene clean-up crew take over the King Street home last week was scrapped after a judge ordered the home to be preserved. It remains an active crime scene with yellow police tape still surrounding the home. The Post reached out to Noedel for comment but on Tuesday a judge placed a gag order on the case, preventing anyone involved with it from speaking to the media or the public. Once he has been boooked into jail in Idaho and evaluated, Kohberger will appear in court where he will formally be charged with four counts of first-degree murder and one count of burglary.