Much like Tom Brady’s future, it seems Cowboys owner Jerry Jones wants to take things a day at a time when it comes to embattled kicker Brett Maher. Speaking Tuesday on 105.3 “The Fan,” Jones said the Cowboys will “read this thing as the week goes along” following Maher’s disastrous outing in the team’s 31-14 wild-card win over the Buccaneers on Monday, when the kicker missed four extra-point attempts. “Well, I think the first thing you do is talk about how isn’t it great to have that the number one thing we need to correct or the number one thing we need to address. I think that shows everything about not only how we played, but where we are with this team right now,” Jones said, according to Mark Lane of The Texans Wire. “Make no mistake about it we got to have the same week of preparation. Now, over to our kicker. This is a classic case of looking at what he’s done for this team and done on the field all year, not just last night. And, so, but kicking is a technical thing. It has everything to do with the — just frankly mentally having it all together when you step up there. And, so, we’ll read this thing as the week goes along. I don’t want to get out over skis and get ahead of it.” Jones’ latest comments are a departure from what he told reporters Monday when asked if the team would look at kickers. “No. No. We won’t. He’s done enough good ones,” Jones said of the 33-year-old Maher. Maher became the first kicker in league history to miss that many attempts, according to Elias Sports Bureau. He ended the drought in the fourth quarter, making his fifth attempt. Jones said that after watching Maher during halftime he believed the failings in the first half were behind him. “I thought when he came out at halftime, watched him warm up out there. He was making all the kicks. I figured that was behind him, but we will take a look at it,” Jones said. “We can’t be really a big setback to go into the rest of this tournament, rest of this playoff with shakiness at kicker.” Head coach Mike McCarthy was also asked about Maher following Monday’s win and cited the player’s past performances. “We need Brett. He understands that. We need to get back on it this week and get him ready to go,” McCarthy said, per ESPN. “Obviously we’re kicking at an outdoor stadium out there in Santa Clara. But you know, yeah, he’s disappointed. We need him. We need him to focus in. He’s been super clutch for us all year.” Through 17 regular-season games this year, Maher has made 29 of 32 field-goal attempts and 50 of 53 extra-point attempts.