SEATTLE — The Jets have been on the ropes for weeks and Geno Smith delivered the knockout punch on Sunday. The former Jets quarterback started off fast, throwing two first-half touchdowns, and did just enough to knock his former team out of the playoffs in a 23-6 Seahawks win. “Honestly, it doesn’t mean anything, outside of the fact that we gave ourselves another chance to go to the playoffs,” Smith said. “I’m actually grateful for being drafted to the NFL by the Jets, and although things weren’t perfect there, there were some good times. There are some people still there I hold dear to my heart. I have a lot of good relationships in New York. It was just another game for me. Good seeing some old friends and some people that we play with.” Smith was the second-round pick of the Jets in 2013. He started in his first two seasons with the Jets and then was infamously punched by a teammate and had his jaw broken during the 2015 training camp. He would make one more start for the Jets. He has reestablished his career this season with the Seahawks and made the Pro Bowl. On Sunday, he completed 18 of 29 passing for 183 yards. He also rushed for 18 yards. Smith started off the game with a 12-yard touchdown pass to Colby Parkinson. He later hit Tyler Mabry for a 7-yard touchdown. “I thought he was solid,” Seahawks coach Pete Carroll said. “I thought he did a good, solid job of taking care of business.” Smith’s best play was the final play of the first quarter. He evaded the Jets’ pass rush and then threw a shovel pass to running back DeeJay Dallas for a 41-yard gain that led to the second touchdown. The Jets’ offensive line was dealt another blow Sunday when starting right guard Nate Herbig could not play against the Seahawks due to an ankle injury. Herbig did not appear on the injury report until Friday, indicating it was an injury that occurred in practice. The Jets started Laurent Duvernay-Tardif at right guard in place of Herbig. Garrett Wilson went over 1,000 yards receiving on his first catch of the game, an 8-yard gain in the second quarter. Wilson entered Sunday’s game with 996 yards. Wilson only had three catches for 18 yards in the game, giving him 1,014 this season. He is the first Jets wide receiver to gain 1,000 yards receiving since 2015 when Brandon Marshall and Eric Decker both hit the mark. Wilson already had broken the team’s rookie record for receiving yards and receptions. Safety Lamarcus Joyner returned to the starting lineup after missing the last two games with a hip injury but he did not last long. Joyner exited the game near the end of the first quarter when the hip acted up.