Did you get a new laptop over the holidays? Chances are you’re in need of a new Microsoft Office license to go with it. If you’ve been meaning to snag the fleet of Microsoft Office staples, but haven’t yet made your move, you’re in luck. The Premium Microsoft Office Training Bundle plus Lifetime License of MS Office Home & Business for Mac 2021 not only provides all the apps you’ll need, but also makes sure you have a well-rounded education in them, too! And all of that can be yours for just $79.99 for a limited time. Don’t it always seem to be, that you don’t know what you got till it’s gone? This song lyrics and old adage proves especially true when it comes to the Microsoft Office products… especially when you find yourself needing to create a presentation or make a spreadsheet. This bundle includes a lifetime license for Microsoft Office Home and Business for Mac that comes equipped with the classic apps and email, providing you with Microsoft Word, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft PowerPoint, Microsoft Outlook, Microsoft Teams, and Microsoft OneNote. Once you get all your apps loaded, you might discover you’d like to dig a little deeper into how they work. This bundle includes a course for each of them, allowing you to master them once and for all. Learn all about Microsoft OneNote with 4.3-star rated course Microsoft OneNote: Beginner to Advanced. This course is taught by Earn and Excel, a 4.4-star rated instructor, and is ready to school you on all the ways OneNote can make your life more convenient. PowerPoint from Beginner to Advanced Level is a 4.6-star rated course geared toward helping you conquer PowerPoint. 4.6-star rated Magine Solutions shows you how to use the app the right way. And if you’re hoping to finally understand Excel, Microsoft Excel: Data Analysis with Pivot Tables is a 4.6-star rated course taught by Chris Dutton, who also shares that same high rating and can walk you through working efficiently with Excel. Outfit your computer with the best — Microsoft Office — and learn a thing about them too with The Premium Microsoft Office Training Bundle plus Lifetime License of MS Office Home & Business for Mac 2021, on sale now for $79.99. Prices subject to change.