And the winner is… about to be your zodiac sign. Going for the gold after a very tarnished two years, the 80th Annual Golden Globe Awards returns on Tuesday, January 10, 2023 at 8 p.m. ET/5 p.m. PT on NBC. The controversy-riddled event, which aims to celebrate the best in film and television, was held privately last year and denied a network TV broadcast after the Hollywood Foreign Press Association was exposed for its lack of diversity. The show went on, albeit without a red carpet, audience, celebrity presenters or press, with winners announced via Twitter and on the Golden Globes website. In the aftermath, HFTA instituted a series of reforms that included measures for diversifying their voting pool as well as policies for addressing ethical conflicts and mandatory DEI training for all members. The controversy continues with Brendan Fraser’s decision to boycott the ceremony in 2023. The actor, who received a Golden Globe nomination for his turn in “The Whale,” and is experiencing a career renaissance of late, will not attend the event amidst allegations that he was sexually assaulted by former HFTA president Philip Berk. While Fraser will continue to take a stand, others will take to the podium. Presenters this year include Ana De Armas, Tracy Morgan. Ana Gasteyer, Billy Porter, Michaela Jaé Rodriguez, Colman Domingo, Jamie Lee Curtis, Natasha Lyonne, Nicole Byer, Niecy Nash-Betts and Quentin Tarantino. Ryan Murphy is set to receive the Carol Burnett Award at the ceremony for his work as a writer, director, producer, and creative force in television while Eddie Murphy will be honored with the Cecil B. deMille award for historic contributions to the world of entertainment. In terms of current contenders, nominated films include “The Menu,” “Babylon,” “Everything Everywhere All At Once,” “Triangle of Sadness,” “Elvis,” “Empire of Light,” “The Fabelmans,” “Tár” and “Banshees of Inisherin.” For our intents and purposes, we’re sticking to the small screen and its big impact with a list of the television series that have garnered acclaim and Golden Globe nominations this year. To help you streamline your viewing, we’ve matched a show to every sign in the zodiac. Read on and tune in. Ruled by impulsive, instinctual, conflict courting, progress at all costs planet Mars, Aries is the fire loving first sign in the zodiac. Enter FX’s “The Bear” which captures all of the intense, immediate energy and emotional triage of life in a short order kitchen. Relentless, hilarious and very, very, real, the show is a perfect encapsulation of the Aries spirit. Taurus folk are united in their pursuit of comfort and veneration of la dolce vita and “The White Lotus,” which follows the unraveling lives of the wealthy amid a backdrop of luxury will really speak to the champagne tastes and indulgent habits of the people of the bull. Inspired by the life and very, very grim times of IRL Gemini Jeffrey Dahmer, Netflix’s “Dahmer: Monster —The Jeffrey Dahmer Story,” will appeal to the people of the twin as it is tightly written, psychologically compelling and speaks to the duality that lives/lurks in all of us. For more info on the star signs of serial killers, read our list of the most dangerous zodiac signs. Cancer rules the fourth house of home and ancestry and “Yellowstone” is a tale of the blood spilled and damage done in service of the ties that bind. Cancer is associated with the archetype of the mother and it is the death of the matriarch of the Dutton clan that sets the plot of the series in motion. Read more about what “Yellowstone” character embodies your zodiac sign here. Represented by the fierce and formidable lion, Leo is the most regal sign in the zodiac and “The Crown,” concerns itself with the intrigue, incest and fighting of the most famous monarchy in recent memory. For more on the stars behind the sovereigns, read our article “What royal family member are you based on your zodiac sign.” Runner up for royal tinged catnip with even more incest is HBO’s “House of the Dragon.” With their attention to detail, strong gut instincts and obsessive need to be right, Virgo is the great albeit uncelebrated detective of the zodiac. Enter “Only Murders In the Building,” a tale of unlikely friendships born from a love of true crime and a commitment to uncovering the identify of a cold blooded killer. Astrology 101: Your guide to the stars Libra rules the seventh house of partnerships and is symbolized by the scales of justice. In kind, Hulu’s “Pam & Tommy” traces the hot and hot headed marriage between Pamela Anderson and IRL Libra Tommy Lee and the legal fall out of their leaked sex tape. Read more about the astrological aspects behind the pair’s stormy relationship here. Inside every Scorpio lives a brooding goth hearted teenage girl and apropos of this, “Wednesday” is the story of everyone’s favorite brooding, brilliant, blunt banged high schooler. Add to the plot a rash of grisly murders, a secret society and a heavy dose of Edgar Allen Poe and you have pure Scorpio bait. Read about what “Wednesday” character aligns with your zodiac sign here. Premiering December 7, 2021, ABC’s “Abbott Elementary” made its debut during Sagittarius season. In addition, the show’s protagonist Janine Teagues is an endlessly optimistic second grade teacher who refuses to be jaded by bureaucracy or daunted by her school’s the lack of funding. Typical of the can do gusto of archers, Janine is steadfast in her mission to educate and enrich the young minds of Philadelphia. Capricorn is the hard working industrialist of the zodiac and natives often struggle with work/life balance and the separation between labor and leisure. Enter Apple Tv+’s “Severance” which takes that divide to medically invasive and absolutely terrifying lengths. Hulu’s “The Dropout” was inspired by the fall from grace story of IRL Aquarius and CEO of Theranos Elizabeth Holmes. Played by Amanda Seyfried, Holmes’s trajectory has many hallmarks of the Aquarius spirit including but not limited to inspired ideas and dicey followthrough. Pisces is the sign of escape, dreams and altered states and with a show set in Las Vegas and a guest character named Weed, HBO Max’s “Hacks” is right on target. In this acclaimed series, dogs eat Adderall, human remains are interred in a tennis ball holder, suicides follow all nighters but all is redeemed by and through the levity of comedy. Astrologer Reda Wigle researches and irreverently reports back on planetary configurations and their effect on each zodiac sign. Her horoscopes integrate history, poetry, pop culture and personal experience. She is also an accomplished writer who has profiled a variety of artists and performers, as well as extensively chronicled her experiences while traveling. Among the many intriguing topics she has tackled are cemetery etiquette, her love for dive bars, Cuban Airbnbs, a “girls guide” to strip clubs and the “weirdest” foods available abroad.