President Biden’s classified document scandal will complicate a potential bid for a second term, insiders told The Post. Attorneys for Biden first found 10 pieces of classified materials at the Penn Biden Center in Washington six days before the mid-term elections. More sensitive materials were uncovered at the president’s Wilmington, Del. home where his son Hunter frequently stayed. “It certainly, I think, undermines a core part of our attack on President Trump, and because the White House made such hay about Trump’s classified documents obviously it’s all fair and well that they’re gonna put the target on Biden,” offered one longtime Democratic Congressman. Chris Coffey, CEO of the political consulting firm Tusk Strategies, compared the embarrassing imbroglio to the Hillary Clinton email scandal which ultimately played a role in derailing her 2016 campaign. Republicans “will absolutely use this and anything else they come up with,” he said. Coffey added that Biden was a lock on the 2024 Democratic nomination if he wanted it and that the GOP case on classified documents in a general election would only be viable if Trump was not the nominee. The former president is currently mired in his own ongoing scandal involving the improper storage of classified documents at his Florida residence Mar-a-Lago. As questions continue to swirl around how classified material ended up at Biden’s Delaware residence and whether Hunter Biden would have had access to them, Biden’s Democratic base in Congress has been getting the jitters. Some, such as  House Minority Leader Rep. Hakeem Jeffries (D-Brooklyn), have been steadfast, telling reporters this week that he had “full confidence” in Biden to handle the issue — others are not so sure. Rep. Adam Schiff, the former Democratic chairman of the House Intelligence Committee, has said he cannot “exclude the possibility” that US national security was compromised by Biden’s actions. Michigan Democratic Sen. Debbie Stabenow said the issue was “certainly embarrassing” for Biden. Doug Jones, a former Democratic senator from Alabama and close Biden ally, has derided the situation as an “unforced error,” CNN reported. Republicans said they planned to sink their teeth into the issue and capitalize on the ongoing scandal to the fullest in 2023. “Joe Biden and his Administration are about to face a deluge of critical oversight hearings and a torrential downpour of subpoenas,” vowed New York Rep Elise Stefanik, the GOP conference chairwoman. “Even the typical stenographers in the media are finally turning on Joe Biden, which means he is nothing more than a lame duck.”