Alec Baldwin had not been properly trained with firearms ahead of the shooting death of Halyna Hutchins on the set of “Rust,”  and shortly after admitted to officers he had fired the weapon, New Mexico prosecutors said Tuesday. The Santa Fe County district attorney called his actions during the fatal shooting a “reckless deviation from known standards and practice,” as they officially  charged him with involuntary manslaughter. The “30 Rock” actor, 64, and Hannah Gutierrez-Reed, the movie’s armorer, were each hit with two felony counts of involuntary manslaughter and involuntary manslaughter in the commission of a lawful act, according to the complaint filed Tuesday. Hutchins, a 42-year-old married mother of one, was fatally wounded on Oct. 21, 2021, when Baldwin fired a prop gun containing a live round. Director Joel Souza was also injured in the accident. The Statement of Probable Cause filed by the DA against Baldwin also made a point of separating its findings into two sections, one noting Baldwin’s actions as the lead actor in the movie and another about his role as the film’s primary producer. The charging document states Baldwin was not present for firearms training prior to the start of filming on the movie. It says when Gutierrez-Reed then booked a training session to last for at least an hour with Baldwin, they only did about 30 minutes of actual training. “According to Reed, Baldwin was distracted and talking on his cell phone to his family during the training,” the prosecutors stated. “Reed stated in her deposition this training was essential and could have prevented the fatal shooting.” The prosecutors also said their evidence disputes the version of events Baldwin would later give in subsequent interviews about the incident. Baldwin told ABC News in a December 2021 interview: “I didn’t pull the trigger … I would never point a gun at anyone and then pull the trigger, never.” Prosecutors dispute that claim, noting “photos and videos clearly show Baldwin, multiple times, with his finger inside the trigger guard and on the trigger.” They add: “Baldwin approached responding deputies on the day of the shooting, wanting to talk to them because he was the one who ‘fired’ the gun.” The probable cause statement said the shooting happened during an unscheduled rehearsal that did not require the weapon to be fired. It also said consultation with expert armorers said a plastic or replica gun should have been used in that setting. The probable cause statement against Baldwin also referred to the FBI’s analysis of the firearm, which “clearly showed that the weapon could not ‘accidentally fire,’” as the actor has previously claimed on many occasions. The document also said Baldwin failed to demand “at least two (2) safety checks between the armorer and himself” prior to the shooting. The DA’s office noted “if Baldwin had not pointed the gun at Hutchins and Souza, this tragedy would not have occurred. “This reckless deviation from known standards and practice and protocol directly caused the fatal shooting,” the document said. The latest on the film set shooting of Halyna Hutchins Baldwin and Gutierrez-Reed are both charged “in the alternative” — meaning a jury can only convict them of one of the two counts they face. The first count comes with a maximum sentence of 18 months behind bars, while the second carries a minimum sentence of five years in prison. Both Baldwin and Gutierrez-Reed — a rookie armorer — have maintained their innocence, while assistant director David Halls agreed to take a misdemeanor plea deal for handing the loaded gun to Baldwin. “If any one of these three people — Alec Baldwin, Hannah Gutierrez-Reed, or David Halls — had done their job, Halyna Hutchins would be alive today. It’s that simple,” special prosecutor Andrea Reeb said earlier this month in announcing the charges to come. They will need to appear before a judge — either in person or by video — within 15 days of the charges being filed, a rep for the DA’s office explained. The case comes over a year after the incident and follows a thorough investigation, which revealed that Baldwin, Halls and Gutierrez-Reed all allegedly played a role in the tragedy. Detectives in Sante Fe found a mixture of dummy and live rounds strewn about the set — in violation of industry safety standards. Baldwin had been rehearsing a scene while Hutchins and Souza were behind the camera, when he drew the gun and fired one round that struck them both. Baldwin claimed that he didn’t pull the trigger and that the gun instead fired accidentally — a claim later contradicted by an FBI forensic report finding that the trigger had to be released for the weapon to go off. Halls has conceded that he should have checked all of the rounds inside the firearm before handing it to Baldwin. Gutierrez-Reed told cops she checked the gun and ensured there were no live rounds. Still, she admitted to cops that the ammo hadn’t been properly put away and secured in the prop truck during a lunch break before the incident that day and instead was left on a cart on set. In October, Baldwin settled a wrongful death lawsuit with Hutchins’ family for an undisclosed amount. As part of the settlement, Hutchins’ widower, Matthew, will receive an executive producer credit on the film. In January 2021, Gutierrez-Reed filed suit against the props company, claiming it sold live and blank rounds mixed together. Baldwin’s wife, Hilaria Baldwin, said on her podcast Sunday — two days before the formal charges came out — that “It’s been an emotional time for my family.” She thanked listeners, telling them that without their support, “we would crumble.” Former federal prosecutor and current New York City lawyer Sarah Krissoff said the case will “be an uphill battle” for prosecutors to prove given “there isn’t a lot of precedent for charging this type of accidental death under an involuntary manslaughter statute.” “While there may civil liability related to how the set was managed,” Krissoff said, “it’s harder to show that you’re going to have the level of recklessness needed to convict under the involuntary manslaughter statute.” Krissoff said she thought it was unusual for prosecutors to announce those charges weeks ahead of their filing. “Now the legal teams have extra time to prepare for the charges. That seemed very unusual to me,” she said. And so many people involved “have already told their story multiple times,” so “the defense is going to have to shape their defense case around the statements that have already been made of their clients.” But Krissoff said Baldwin will surely have a “stellar legal team” and his and Gutierrez-Reed’s lawyers “are going to come out swinging” against the prosecution.