Nickelback doesn’t take themselves as seriously as you might expect. In a video promoting their upcoming “Get Rollin’ Tour,” the Canadian rockers go behind the scenes to reveal they’re the deep voices behind the epic tour announcement. “Was that good?” lead singer Chad Kroeger asks his bandmates. And with that, the group, that has been the butt of music snob’s jokes and memes for years, shows they have a smirking sense of humor too. Will they bring that tongue in cheek attitude on the road with them? We can’t say for certain but it is likely that they’ll bring their massive hits like “How You Remind Me,” “Photograph,” “Rockstar,” “Burn It To The Ground” and “Someday” as well as tracks from their recently released 10th studio album “Get Rollin'” to the stage at each and every show. That includes an Aug. 30 concert at Elmont’s UBS Arena and a pit stop at the annual Tailgates and Tallboys Music Festival in Bloomington, IL from June 14-17. Best of all, tickets for all concerts can be secured as early as today. Although inventory isn’t available on Ticketmaster until Friday, Jan. 27, fans who want to ensure they have tickets ahead of time can purchase on sites like Vivid Seats before seats are officially on sale. Vivid Seats is a secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand. They have a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and will be delivered before the event. Want more information? Let’s “Get Rollin’.”  Chad Kroeger, Ryan Peake, Mike Kroeger and Daniel Adair launch their North American 38-concert “Get Rollin'” tour at Quebec City’s Videotron Centre on June 12. From there, the quartet have arena and amphitheater concerts mapped out in Vancouver (June 28), Salt Lake City (July 6), Las Vegas (July 15), Nashville (Aug. 1) and Milwaukee (Aug. 5). The run concludes on Aug. 30 at Elmont’s UBS Arena. A complete calendar including all tour dates, venues, show start times and links to buy tickets can be found here.  Shows won’t start with the headliners taking the stage on this tour. No, country rockers Brantley Gilbert and Josh Ross will serve as special guests at each and every concert. Here’s a quick primer on each of the support acts you’ll see if you arrive on time. Brantley Gilbert, a Jefferson, GA native, is known for his slick country sound. It’s very possible you’ve already seen him on tour before too. Over the past decade, he’s opened for Kid Rock, Kenny Chesney, Tim McGraw, Willie Nelson and Luke Combs. Want to check out his music? We recommend his catchy singalong “Bottoms Up” that will have you humming along in no time. Josh Ross wears his heart on his sleeve. The Ontario-based singer-songwriter belts soaring piano ballads that straddle the line between country and indie pop. For a taste of his versatility, start with Ross’ lyrical “First Taste of Gone” and then give the pulsing “On A Different Night” a try.  Things get heavy on Nickelback’s most recent record, “Get Rollin’.” Right off the bat, it sounds as if the group has pivoted to full-on hard rock with their latest offering as evidenced by the almost metal opening track “San Quentin.” On track two, Nickelback maintains that energy and brings the guitar solos, menacing vocals and thumping drums to the catchy “Skinny Little Missy.” From there, the rockers return to their pop radio friendly roots with the friendlier ditty “Those Days” and “High Time.” Want to hear the record for yourself? Click here to “Get Rollin’.”  From June 14-17, Nickelback has been tapped to headline the annual Tailgates and Tallboys Festival in Bloomington, IL. The star-studded affair will also bring major country stars like Kane Brown, Parker McCollum, Jelly Roll and Lainey Wilson as well as  to the festival grounds for the four-day extravaganza. Plus, rapper Yung Gravy is slated to appear at the fest as well. If you want to secure your General Admission passes today, click here.  The longer Nickelback’s career goes, the harder it becomes to define what kind of music they make. Is it metal? Country? Hard rock? Pop? Let’s just say it’s all of the above. With that in mind, keep reading — we’ve found five similar groups on tour in 2023 that just might pique your interest. • Metallica • Morgan Wallen • Foreigner • John Mellencamp • Blink 182 Want to see what else is out there this year? Take a look at our list of the 52 biggest concert tours in 2023 here.