It was business as usual for Skip Bayless and Shannon Sharpe on Wednesday’s episode of “Undisputed.” The co-hosts put on a united front on the Fox Sports 1 show following a heated back-and-forth the day prior. Bayless’ tweet about the Bengals-Bills game being postponed due to Buffalo safety Damar Hamlin’s medical emergency, which was universally panned and called insensitive, had appeared to cause a conflict between the two hosts. Bayless and Sharpe were all smiles while at the “Undisputed” desk, where they shared a fist-bump before discussing this Sunday’s Cowboys-Commanders game. There was no mention of the drama that ensued on the show Wednesday, when Sharpe denounced Bayless’ tweet and chastised him for continuously interrupting his monologue. Sharpe was absent for Tuesday’s “Undisputed” after Bayless came under fire for the tweet on Monday, which read: “No doubt the NFL is considering postponing the rest of this game – but how? This late in the season, a game of this magnitude is crucial to the regular-season outcome … which suddenly seems so irrelevant.” At the time of Bayless’ tweet, the Bengals-Bills game was suspended as Hamlin was administered CPR by medical personnel after he suffered cardiac arrest on the field in the first quarter. NFL players, among pros from other leagues, blasted Bayless on Twitter, with some calling for him to be fired. When Sharpe returned to “Undisputed” on Tuesday, he appeared to catch Bayless off-guard when he brought up his controversial tweet — and claimed “the bosses at Fox wanted [Bayless] to offer explanation” regarding the tweet. Bayless then hit back, saying “Nobody here [at Fox] had a problem with that tweet,” adding that he stood by his tweet and would not take it down. The “Undisputed” saga has stirred speculation about tension behind the scenes at FS1. The relationship between Bayless and Sharpe has deteriorated to an “all-time low,” according to Front Office Sports. The outlet also reported that Bayless said during Tuesday’s show that he received a call from his boss at Fox, who suggested that he should clarify his tweet. The former ESPN host apologized in a separate tweet Monday night, writing, “Nothing is more important than that young man’s health. That was the point of my last tweet. I’m sorry if that was misunderstood but his health is all that matters. Again, everything else is irrelevant. I prayed for him & will continue to.” Hamlin, 24, remains in critical condition at the University of Cincinnati Medical Center after his heartbeat was restored by medical personnel tending to him on the field. The second-year safety suffered cardiac arrest and collapsed after a making a tackle on Bengals wideout Tee Higgins. On Thursday, the Bills shared that Hamlin has showed “remarkable improvement” over the past 24 hours,” per the physicians caring for him at UC Medical Center. “While still critically ill, he has demonstrated that he appears to be neurologically intact,” the Bills tweeted. “His lungs continue to heal and he is making steady progress.” Bills cornerback Kaiir Elam tweeted Thursday, saying, “Our boy is doing better, awake and showing more signs of improvement.” Hamlin “opened his eyes last night and is responsive,” NFL Network’s Ian Rapoport tweeted Thursday, adding, “Damar Hamlin has been gripping the hands of those close to him.” Bayless and Sharpe have been debating on-air since the start of “Undisputed” in 2016.