Check this: When Long Island-raised singer Madison Beer did a T-shirt toss at the Nov. 23 Islanders hockey game, she was swagged out in a traditional home jersey. Not only did the Isles defeat the Edmonton Oilers 3-0, but her look was ice cool. As the Blue and Orange Army would say: Yes, yes, yes! Beer’s oversized jersey is a top seller at Isles Lab, the official website and team store in UBS Arena at Belmont Park. The upscale lifestyle shop, located on the main concourse outside section 104, carries more than a dozen customizable jersey styles in current and throwback designs; rink essentials like logo beanies, scarves, hoodies and tracksuits; luxury collectibles like cashmere throws, signature monogram leather backpacks and novelty pucks; and limited-edition designer collabs. Prices range from $10 for a foam finger to about $3,000 for a one-of-a-kind, Islanders-themed gown by Italian designer Antonio Marras. And with sizes going from newborn to 5XL adult – Shaquille O’Neal sports a big and tall, hand-painted, leather-sleeved Islanders varsity jacket – there’s a fit for every fan. “We wanted to embrace our team, our loyal fans, the history of hockey and the history of New York, and also bring a fashion appreciation to our customer,” says consultant Paul Price, the former Burberry chief merchandising officer turned global consultant behind the retail concept. “We feel that we’ve meshed all that together.” Compared to the warehouse-like team stores of yesteryear, Isles Lab is next level. The cozy wood-paneled space is decorated with Persian rugs, vintage sports equipment and antique furniture sourced from New York clubs and libraries. “We wanted to have that traditional element but make it feel modern and give the team and the fans something that they haven’t seen before,” says Jason Katz, chief brand officer and senior vice president of Value Retail, which created and operates Isles Lab. The service is also something to celebrate. Shoppers can customize jerseys on-site in as little as 20 minutes, choosing a name and number and between more than 100 unique Islander patches. Colombian singer and actor Maluma performed in an Isles jersey personalized with his name at a 2021 concert. As for checkout, it takes a mere 20 seconds, thanks to an innovative scanning system that instantly totals all the items in a basket. Tap a credit card, and you’re already on your way back to your seat. Best of all, there’s new gear in store for each game. “Every time our fans come in here, we want to inspire them,” says Price. This season, a 50th Anniversary collection celebrating the Islanders’ legacy and the Reverse Retro apparel and accessories drop have been big hits. On the high end, designer collabs include upcycled antique textile garments by Tristan Detwiler’s Stan, a sustainable SoCal label. Malibu, California-based milliner Teressa Foglia crafts bespoke hats in team colors – think wide-brimmed beauties that showcase the flow – while Han Feng and Marras drape dramatic dresses incorporating jerseys. Some of the pieces are so hip they could go straight from a game to an avant-garde gala. Fashion icon Harry Styles owns a Feng creation: a team jersey embellished with streams of fabric. Now that’s an Isles style score!