Guardian Angels founder Curtis Sliwa spent Sunday trying to drum up support from Mayor Eric Adams’ Brooklyn neighbors to use feral cats to combat the local rat problem — as two cops kept him under their watch. Sliwa, a former Republican mayoral nominee, eventually convinced at least one longtime local with past experience with rats to try to help establish a cat colony in the area to curb the rodent masses. “This rat was huge. Huge!” Arlene Belfort, a resident of Adams’ block on Lafayette Avenue in Bedford-Stuyvesant, recalled of her prior brush with a rodent. “It came in my house, I don’t know how. It took two people to kill that rat. “He wouldn’t die. They had to hit him with a brick in the head to die. It was like a horror movie. “They’re bigger than kittens,” she said of local vermin. “I don’t understand what they’re eating. They chewed through cement. Who does that? It was never this bad. … It’s a free-for-all.” Belfort said she had been “trying to find another cat to come here” since her last one was hit by a car and died. Adams has been slapped with several summonses from city health inspectors over rats on his property during the past few months. The mayor was most recently hit with what an inspector called evidence of a rat “runway” at his multifamily brownstone, where he said he lived up till he moved to Gracie Mansion after being elected. Sliwa and Adams, who faced off in last year’s mayoral election, have now bickered over the mayor’s local vermin problem for several days, after the red-bereted activist began showing up on the block Thursday. On Saturday, Sliwa claimed he was the target of a profanity-laced call from the mayor urging him to stay away from the property. City Hall did not respond to a Post request for comment about whether Adams  dispatched the NYPD there Sunday. Two officers who rolled up to the address around the time Sliwa publicized he would be there sat in their parked car for awhile, telling a Post reporter they were there “just finding out what’s going on.” Some neighbors, including one of Hizzoner’s tenants, expressed frustration with the cat-loving Sliwa and his small entourage milling about Sunday. “You are always over here violating me and my child’s privacy and disturbing the good neighbors on the block, and it’s cumbersome,” said the tenant, who denied Sliwa’s claims that she was a relative of the mayor as she entered the building with her young son. Before the woman and her small child disappeared into the home, the boy said, “Mommy hates rats.” Another local said the area has more pressing problems. “I could take the rats more than the crime, I’ll be honest with you,” resident Magalie Desince said. But she told Sliwa that the rats aren’t an Adams problem. “To be honest with you, we’re not really concerned with the mayor. We’re concerned as citizens. We want the rat problem in our neighborhood taken care of,” she said. “I’m a concerned citizen. I own property. “The problem is people are dirty, so we need sweepers to come sweep the street and pick up the garbage.”