Bernie Madoff’s former New York City penthouse has left the market after seven months for sale without an offer, The Post has learned. The notorious three-bedroom, 3.5-bathroom property first hit the market last year for $18.5 million, combined with the adjacent four-bedroom, three-bathroom unit. Real estate investor Lawrence Benenson purchased the home in 2014 for $14 million, plus the adjacent residence, which he bought for $4 million in 2016. With the $18.5 million price tag, Benenson was hoping just to break even on the sale if he was able to score a buyer. This marks the third time since the late Madoff’s arrest on Dec. 11, 2008, that the Upper East Side apartment at 133 E. 64th St. has gone for sale. The unit, where Madoff lived with his wife Ruth since 1984 — and where he even became president of the co-op board — was seized after his arrest, the story of which is now the subject of a buzzy new Netflix docuseries. Toy mogul Alfred Kahn and his then-wife Patsy were the first buyers post-Madoff to purchase the home in 2010 for $8 million, records show. But three years later, they put the pad back on the market asking $17.25 million. During the time they attempted to sell the residence, they were forced to reduce the price. The year it finally went into contract, Kahn and his wife separated and later divorced. “[Alfred] was worried about the karma, but I just loved the terrace,” Patsy told The Post at the time. Just before the Kahns had moved into the home, it suffered a “mysterious fire.” The listing, with John Burger of Brown Harris Stevens, may include some attempts to conceal the co-op unit’s history. For example, it has been changed from Penthouse A to Penthouse S, and the home has been redecorated from somber tones preferred by Madoff to white rugs and furniture. But this residence isn’t the only property struggling to sell — with increased interest rates, it has become neither a buyer nor a seller’s market. Madoff’s former Hamptons home remains for sale and has spent years on the market. It first listed in 2018 for $21 million. It last hit the market for $22.5 million. The home received a massive price cut, and is now on sale for $16.5 million. Madoff died in a prison hospital of natural causes at age 82 in April 2021. The disgraced late financier was serving a 150-year sentence for orchestrating the largest Ponzi scheme in history, defrauding his clients of a staggering, nearly $65 billion, sum. Meanwhile, Ruth Madoff is currently living in a $3.8 million waterfront mansion in Connecticut with a former daughter-in-law’s family.