It’s more like downward doggy-style. Outraged TikTok users say yoga videos posted on the popular app have become highly sexualized — with some clips looking more like soft-core porn than legitimate exercise tutorials. Yoga instructor Nikita Desai took to the site late last year slamming the app’s “algorithm,” claiming it prioritizes erotically charged clips that feature flexible women in barely there bikinis. “I guess this is what happens when an ancient, deep, meaningful, spiritual practice that was intended for the purpose of our mental and emotional wellbeing becomes overly sexualized and heavily whitewashed,” she bemoaned in a video that has been “liked” more than 55,000 times. Elsewhere, popular content creator @queenoftheratchet shared a clip telling users to search the word “yoga” on TikTok, saying they’d be inundated with hundreds of raunchy videos. “Wow. I saw EVERYTHING… but yoga,” one stunned user responded after conducting the search. “They are laying it low and spreading it wide,” another exclaimed, before a third chimed in saying it was concerning that children could be exposed to such footage through an innocuous search term. Indeed, the first video that appears on TikTok after typing in the word “yoga” features a shirtless man helping a woman complete her stretches. The clip, from user @_rodnevskay_, shows the man pushing the woman’s legs wide apart before later guiding her into the downward dog pose while standing behind her. Many commenters claimed an erection was visible inside the man’s shorts. Meanwhile, another kinky clip that appears near the top of the search results sees a woman wearing a G-string as she bends over and points her derrière toward the camera while practicing a purported yoga pose. Several slammed the woman for being scantily clad, claiming she was only using yoga as a way of showing off her body for viewers. “I do yoga and wear clothes at the same time — it still works,” one sniped, before another stated: “It’s not even yoga. It’s just her looking for more followers and likes.” Meanwhile, yogis such as @euevilena, Pía Sweet and Eva Martinez have each clocked up millions of TikTok followers by practicing poses in skimpy ensembles. One of Martinez’s clips sees her putting her legs behind her head as she sports a cheeky smile. The clip focuses in on her crotch. “I can’t even watch TikTok in public anymore!” one stunned viewer wrote beneath the video. Meanwhile, Martinez boasts her own OnlyFans account where she shares content too racy for the social media app. TIkTok’s community guidelines forbid the posting of videos that show “nudity, pornography, or sexually explicit content,” and it appears none of the yoga clips in question violate such a rule. The Post has reached out to the company for comment.