Not long ago, while scrolling through her For You page on TikTok, Riley Leach, 25, from Cloverdale, Indiana, found the answer to a question she hadn’t even known to ask — turns out, the Zillennial and her sisters had grown up in what users of the social media site have been referring to as an #ingredienthousehold. Unlike a #snackhousehold, or being raised by an #AlmondMom, ingredient kids learn from an early age to feed their cravings from a pantry stocked with the makings of a proper meal — eggs, butter, cheese, apples, for example — versus packaged treats like Cheetos, Totino’s Pizza Rolls or Pop Tarts. And now, the two sides are locked in a furious debate as to who had the better childhood —thanks in part to Leach, who dropped a video on TikTok detailing her experiences of making the most basic of nachos, or satisfying her hunger by eating peanut butter by the spoonful. “We would come home from school, and kind of just get creative,” Leach told The Post. The aspiring blogger was shocked when her post went viral, snagging 10.1 million views, provoking comments from thousands of people eager not only to share their own childhood after-school snack memories, but to advocate for one style over the other. And by TikTok metrics, the #ingredienthousehold camp, with 86.9 million views, is crushing the debate — #snackhousehold has yet to rise out of the thousands. Not that their smaller numbers mean the snackers are any less passionate — the most popular #snackhousehold video so far was uploaded by user Bethan Hannah, who shared how she was raised with Peperami jerky sticks, frozen chicken nuggets, Yoplait yogurt cups and string cheese. Another video posted by @jojomcnizzle shows her family fridge and pantry nearly overflowing with brand name bites like frozen Hungry Jack pancakes, Marie Callender’s chicken pot pie and Fruit Loops. Whatever camp they fall into, the debate is drawing attention to the way that childhood snacking patterns can follow us well into adulthood. To this day, Leach said she and her husband — also raised in an #ingredienthousehold — still gravitate toward their old-school favorites, including buttered saltines, but the couple have become more conscious about their choices. Snacking in general is very popular among Gen Zers — 77% say they eat between meals at least once a day, according to a 2022 food and health survey by the International Food Information Council. However, the New Hope Network reported that 66% of Gen Zers and 69% of millennials say they think about their health every day, compared to 55% of Boomers — which could mean healthier snacking is on the rise. Chef Jennifer Welper, wellness executive chef at the New Mayo Clinic Diet, is a fierce ingredient advocate — she explained to The Post that today’s younger generations are having a “big reflection” on the connection between junk food and rising food sensitivities and related illnesses, a possible reason why the #ingredienthousehold camp has been so vocal. Younger generations are “able to see trends of what people are getting sick from, are aware of the root causes as more people are developing sensitivities,” Welper said. “It’s really important to recognize that anytime that we have food in its most holistic form. It’s always going to be a better option,” she said. So while melting peanut butter on popcorn or slathering a slice of bread with butter and cinnamon might not sound like a healthy option, a homemade snack with natural ingredients, experts say, is a better option than any pre-packaged goodies. Not that any food should ever be blacklisted or overly criticized — research has shown that restricting access to certain “bad” foods focuses children’s attention and increases their desires for these items. While having a cupboard stocked with pre-packaged processed snacks may seem unhealthy, some argue that having such food freely available actually helps people develop a healthy relationship with food and not overeat. Dr. Adi Benito, chief medical adviser to the Eating for Your Health blog, told The Post that while living in an ingredient household is most likely the healthier option, she understands that many kids might want to have a kitchen stocked with Lays chips and Fruit Roll-Ups. “You really want to make your snacks with real ingredients,” she said, but admits that it’s OK “if someone wants to have a treat, like a cookie or something that is pleasurable” — as long as they listen to their body and identify a treat as a snack and not a meal. “The more you can fill your plate and your day with real food, the healthier somebody will be without having to go to extremes,” she said. “You could still, if you felt that your body could tolerate having a cookie, have a cookie.”