Diamond Lynnette Hardaway, best known as one half of the duo Diamond and Silk, died on Jan. 8 of heart disease due to chronic high blood pressure. She was 51. Hardaway, one of former President Donald Trump’s most ardent supporters, was found on the kitchen floor by her sister Rochelle “Silk” Richardson after she collapsed crying out, “I can’t breathe.” According to the AP, no autopsy was performed on Hardaway, whose official cause of death prompted widespread speculation after her sister falsely attributed her death to a plot related to anti-COVID-19 vaccination conspiracy theories during the memorial service last week. The service saw Trump not only attend, but give a speech in which he sensationally claimed that he never really knew Silk. Hardaway’s “unexpected” death was labeled “really bad news for Republicans” by the former president in a statement earlier this month. “Really bad news for Republicans and frankly, all Americans,” Trump wrote on Truth Social. “Our beautiful Diamond, of Diamond and Silk, has just passed away at her home in the State she loves so much, North Carolina.” Referring to Hardaway as “Magnificent Diamond,” the ex-POTUS said her sister Silk was “with her all the way, and at her passing.” “There was no better TEAM anywhere, or at any time! Diamond’s death was totally unexpected, probably her big and precious HEART just plain gave out. Rest In Peace our Magnificent Diamond, you will be greatly missed,” Trump concluded. Diamond and Silk put their names on the map during Trump’s 2016 presidential campaign after they made the unlikely leap from being diehard Democrats to Republicans after Trump’s White House bid was announced in 2015. The sisters became stars in their own right, later landing frequent Fox News guest spots throughout Trump’s tenure as commander-in-chief. The former president has been pictured with the pro-Trump duo numerous times, including in the Oval Office. Hardaway’s health sparked concern back in November after the duo’s official Twitter account asked fans to keep her in their prayers. “Anyone who believes in the power of prayer please pray for Diamond,” the tweet read, though a reason for the request was not given. In 2018, the pair claimed Facebook flagged their Trump-loving videos as “unsafe.” They received an apology from the social media site several months later. They were later fired from their Fox News roles for promoting conspiracy theories about COVID-19.