After a long and busting week, there’s just something about a self-care Sunday we look forward to. Especially a full-fledged, dedicated day for self-care at the beginning of a new year. Sundays are the tail-end of the weekend but the fresh start of a new week at once, apt for lighting a fresh-scented candle, wrapping up in a bathrobe and indulging in whatever it is that brings you joy. While self care can look a million different ways, we hand-picked 20 essentials that’ll inspire you to be intentional and to take things a few tracks slower on Sundays. So yes, prepared to see this edit infused with mindfulness-centered items, like online class memberships for kickstarting a new hobby, a fresh new journal, a rejuvenating face mask and some elevated home upgrades that’ll help you recharge during the first month of 2023 and every month after. The Brooklinen Waffle Robe is a personal favorite and worn after every single shower we take. It’s the perfect getting-ready robe — while also being the ideal lounge-around-the-house robe — to take our beauty routines to the next level. Wonderfully, it has a breathable design, slightly oversized sleeves and is designed with 100% Turkish cotton to bring that hotel-grade feel to your Sunday. If you’re looking for pure indulgence, pick up Nécessaire’s The Body Trio Set. Though it’s a bit of a splurge as far as body lotions go, it’s divine and offers a three-step routine to amp up your shower routine: lather on the body wash, apply the body serum post-shower and then finish it off with the hydrating lotion. We need a moment for this product. The OSEA Undaria Algae Body Butter is the best we reviewed and is the daily douse of nourishment your legs, kneecaps and arms need. It has a pleasant aura that works wonders on sensitive and dry skin, especially, and comes in two different sizes to work with your budget. There’s something about going all out on weekend breakfast that just sounds oh-so-needed. The DASH Mini Waffle Maker is generating all the buzz on Amazon as a best-seller (with more than 221,000 rave reviews, no less) and comes in a variety of colors for just $10. We can’t stop glossing over Anecdote Candles’ catalog of unique scents and aesthetically pleasing labels that tell a story. Whether you’re looking for a rockin’ gift or a new addition to your nightstand, the message of ‘clear minds and awakened spirits’ is exactly what we’re after on a self-care Sunday. The Bala Bangles Weighted Bangle Set has been all the rage as of late — and for a good reason. If you want to elevate your pilates routine or even add some resistance to your daily routine when cleaning the house, this versatile essential is what we recommend. Ah, if it isn’t for The Five-Minute Journal. The popular ‘that girl’ essential has been viral all over TikTok, namely because it helps add that daily douse of self care in — as the name suggests — five minutes. We’ve been using it and adore its intentional charm. One thing we know for sure: a face mask is an essential for self-care Sundays. The Dr. Jart+ Cyro Rubber Masks is one of the best we’ve tried, thanks to its pour-onto-the-skin ampoule step that proceeds the actual sheet mask. Plus, there are different variations of this hydrating mini-facial depending on your skin concern or goal. Take a chunk of your Sunday to get around to something you don’t normally do on the daily: teeth whitening. Without a doubt, the Crest 3D Whitestrips are one of the best and most popular on the market (trust us on this one; they’re a permanent fixture in our bathrooms) and visibly whiten your teeth without making them overly sensitive. We tested 20+ blankets this year, and the Barefoot Dreams CozyChic Ribbed Throw Blanket (unanimously) made the cut. It redefines softness with its unmatched coziness and it comes ribboned-up to make an unbeatable gift (either for your bestie or for yourself). For just $15 a month, Audible will have you well-equipped with your next read or podcast episode. It’s a great budget-friendly buy that’ll enhance your morning commutes and around-the-house errands, offering more time to let some knowledge seep in. Sundays can look a lot like cracking open a new book and drinking a hot cup of coffee, which is exactly what this Rifle Paper Co. Porcelain Mug emulates. Not only is it one of our most-used but it’s a cute pattern that’ll make you look forward to the weekend. If you’re on the hunt for the coziest of slippers, look no further than the EMU Australia Mayberry Sheepskin Slipper. Its sherpa-made, cross-band design is breathable yet warm and you’ll be impressed by how many options the brand has on its site, too. We reviewed MasterClass and, for $15 a month, you’ll have access to top experts in their craft, from Gordon Ramsay to Alicia Keys. Whether you’re looking to copy-write like a pro or learn how to make sourdough, investing in yourself for a self-care Sunday is something we can’t recommend enough. To offer a sophisticated and fresh new way to jot down your thoughts and track your habits, opt for the Papier Yellow Buttercups Wellness Journal. It’s undated, so you can fill it out at your leisure, and it includes pages for intentions, feel-good goals and wishlists, among other designed prompts. We reviewed Headspace and feel as though it’s that one component of our mornings that allows us to designate time to our mental health. From guided meditations to sessions on how to sleep better, it’s truly meant for your slow weekend days. To feel nourished and to restock your nightstand counter, the Alpyn Beauty Willow & Sweet Agave Plumping Lip Mask is beyond compare. We haven’t stopped raving about it since we first tried it months ago, too, and appreciate its intentional, naturally picked ingredients. For more options, check out our review of the best lip balms. Make your Sundays easier with a wholesome and nutritious meal kit that’ll be delivered right to your door. With a rotisserie of meals to choose from, you can spend your Sunday afternoons making quick and easy meals that taste yummy (oh, and you can even meal prep with Blue Apron, depending on how many meals you select). Lounging around in a quality pair of joggers is exactly what we want and, luckily, Abercrombie has a quality selection of comfortable and flattering activewear designed for both men and women. We love the versatility of these bottoms, especially. Yes, self care looks a whole lot like deep cleaning for the busy bees during weekdays who don’t have time to give their homes a much-needed refresh. As far as house cleaning products go, we can’t recommend Method enough; it’s efficient, comes in an easy-to-use bottle and never lets us down. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.