Julian Sands, a British actor who has appeared in numerous movies and TV shows, is confirmed to be missing in Southern California’s mountains. According to ABC 7, the San Bernardino County Sheriff’s Department confirmed Wednesday that Sands, 65, was last seen hiking in the Mount Baldy area last week. Officials said the search has been difficult due to severe weather on the 10,000-foot mountain, and air resources were “limited” over the weekend. Sands’ family reported him missing Friday, according to authorities. “His wife did report him missing,” Gloria Huerta, the public information officer for the sheriff’s department, told the ABC affiliate. “From what I understand, he left sometime that day for a hike and when he did not return, his family reported him missing.” Starting his career in the 1980s, Sands is known for performing in such films as “Arachnophobia,” “A Room with a View,” “Warlock” and “Leaving Las Vegas.” He also appeared on “24” in 2006 and on Season 8 of “Dexter” in 2013. Sands was born on Jan. 4, 1958, in West Yorkshire and lives in Los Angeles. The Post has contacted a rep for Sands for comment. Officials are also on a separate search to find hiker Bob Gregory in Los Angeles County. His family reported him missing Monday, and the Los Angeles County Sheriff’s San Dimas station, per ABC 7, said it has been searching for him in the Crystal Lake area of the San Gabriel Mountains. In a Facebook post Wednesday, the San Bernardino County Sheriff’s Department announced its search-and-rescue teams have responded to 14 rescue missions on Mount Baldy and the surrounding area over the last four weeks. “These rescue missions have been for lost, stranded and/or injured hikers. Unfortunately, during these past 4 weeks, two hikers did not survive after falling and injuring themselves,” the department noted. “Please know the current conditions on Mt Baldy are adverse and extremely dangerous. Due to the high winds, the snow has turned to ice making hiking extremely dangerous.”