If you wanna be cast in “The Crown,” then you gotta get a talent agent. Images from the Season 6 set of “The Crown” have surfaced showing an actress playing a member of the late ’90s pop ensemble, the Spice Girls. Snapshots taken earlier this week show the stars of the Netflix series’ final season of shooting at Winchester Cathedral in the United Kingdom. An anonymous actress was dressed as Geri Halliwell — a k a Ginger Spice — in her signature red, white and blue Union Jack outfit. Other actors were also pictured, wearing colorful suits and palace uniforms. Dominic West, who plays Prince (now King) Charles on the royal drama, was also seen on set donning a black jacket and gray trousers. Other actresses were also pictured sporting flower crowns, puffy white dresses, stockings and comfy robes. Charles, 74, famously met the Spice Girls — Halliwell, Victoria Beckham (née Adams), Mel B, Mel C and Emma Bunton — in 1997 during the Prince’s Trust Concert. At the event, Halliwell, now 50, and Mel B, now 47, showered the former Prince of Wales in kisses, leaving lipstick stains on his cheek. Halliwell was also accused of touching his bum at the bash. She denied the accusations in a 2016 interview with the Times. “I didn’t pinch Prince Charles’ bum, as was reported,” she said. “I patted it,” she continued. “Patting him on the bottom was against royal protocol, but we’re all human. There was a lot of nervous energy, young women, happy antics.” The sixth installment of Peter Morgan’s critically acclaimed streaming series will premiere later this year and is the last season in to portray the saga of the royal family. The show will take viewers inside the latter 1990s and into the early 2000s, portraying events such as the death of Princess Diana in 1997, Tony Blair’s time as prime minister and more. Returning Season 5 cast members include Imelda Staunton as Queen Elizabeth, Jonathan Pryce as Prince Philip, Lesley Manville as Princess Margaret, Elizabeth Debicki as Princess Diana and Olivia Williams as Camilla Parker Bowles. Prince William will be portrayed by both Rufus Kampa and Ed McVey, as he grows up. Meg Bellamy is playing the younger version of his girlfriend — now wife and the Princess of Wales — Kate Middleton.