Abby Lee Miller said it was a “very bittersweet” decision to sell her famed Pennsylvania dance studio. The Post exclusively reported that the “Dance Moms” star decided to put Abby Lee Dance Company Studio on the market for $300,000. “I sold my property — I didn’t sell my name,” the 57-year-old said in an Instagram video Wednesday. “I didn’t sell my brand. I didn’t sell my life’s work. I sold brick, mortar, cinder blocks, and an amazing dance floor that is still in mint condition. The best floors that I ever stood on.” Miller purchased the Pittsburgh building in 1993 for $150,000 — less than half of its estimated cost today. Property records obtained by The Post reveal that the building quietly sold in an off-market deal on Dec. 12. “It was time,” she said of her decision to sell the building. “I’m not in Pittsburgh teaching — I’m all over the world teaching. It was time and I’m very proud to say that my studio, my building … is going to be a very great business.” “It’s going to somebody that needed it… somebody that wanted it, not another dance teacher,” she added. “I loved every moment in that studio. Even some of the rough ones and the heartbreaking ones — they were important to me,” she added. “All good things come to an end.” In a bid to make an extra buck, Miller is also flogging off several notable items from the studio in an upcoming auction. “While I wish I could hold onto every piece of history in that studio, it is just impossible and I want to share as much as I can with you — the fans, family, and supporters of the Abby Lee Dance Company,” she told her 4.3 million followers. Miller’s rise to stardom kickstarted in 2011 when she began filming the hit Lifetime television show “Dance Moms” at the studio. The show went on for seven seasons, ending in 2017. The show’s success saw it have three spin-offs — including “Abby’s Ultimate Dance Competition Dance Moms: Miami” and “Dance Moms: Abby’s Studio Rescue.” Miller, who is now cancer-free after being diagnosed with lymphoma in recent years, made the decision to leave “Dance Moms” and Lifetime altogether in May 2020. However, it’s not all been smooth sailing for the star. In 2016, she faced a bankruptcy case before pleading guilty to felony bankruptcy fraud which landed her behind bars for one year in federal prison. She was released on March 27, 2018.