State Sen. Mike Gianaris’ craven campaign to sandbag the nomination of Hector LaSalle to be New York’s first Puerto Rican chief judge looks even worse if you consider recent history. Not a year ago, April 5, 2022, brought the formal investiture of the three newest members of the same Court of Appeals — Madeline Singas, Anthony Cannataro and Shirley Troutman: a Greek-American woman, an Italian-American gay man and an African-American woman. All confirmed without a fuss, all with Gianaris’ vote. Now hyperprogressives smear Singas and Cannataro as dangerous conservatives, along with LaSalle and Judge Michael Garcia (who also got Gianaris’ vote, in 2016), because the left wants a court that will impose its agenda with no regard for what the law or state Constitution says. But (though he denied it to The Post) Gianaris surely felt Hellenic pride when Singas became the first Greek-American to sit on the state high court. You can bet he fund-raised on it in the Greek community, too. Yet she’s a former prosecutor, which is now cited as disqualifying LaSalle, and Gianaris tells reporters that he regrets supporting her. The fact remains: This objection just got made up yesterday. And apparently Puerto Rican pride doesn’t matter, either. All of which has both top legal minds and Latino leaders furious. Former US Attorney General Loretta Lynch, ex-Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson and former city homeless czar Steven Banks are among 64 lawyers from 19 prominent firms who signed onto a letter calling out the far-left drive to sink LaSalle. Freddy Ferrer, former Bronx borough president, told New York magazine’s Errol Louis: “There has never been an attempt that I’ve seen like this, that called upon the governor to withdraw her nomination.” If Gianaris and his Gang of Nyet pull off their assassination, Gov. Hochul needs to tap another “conservative” — and keep on doing it. In the meantime, the high court’s docket remains under “conservative” control as Cannataro remains acting chief judge. This bid to utterly politicize the Court of Appeals must fail.