Tom Brady’s model admirer, Veronika Rajek, was not happy after the Buccaneers’ season-ending loss to the Cowboys in the NFC wild-card game on “Monday Night Football.” She did not place any blame on her G.O.A.T., though. After the game, the Slovakian model, who’s been supporting Brady in his 23rd NFL season, took to her Instagram Story to remind her millions of followers that the quarterback can’t win alone. “I’m just sorry. But one guy cannot play for everyone on the field,” Rajek wrote. “TB you did your best like always. But one piece of puzzle doesn’t make a picture.” Rajek’s message was reminiscent of Brady’s ex-wife Gisele Bündchen, who went on a similar rant after the Patriots were defeated by the Giants in Super Bowl XLVI in 2012. At the time, Insider.com captured the supermodel venting to a group of people that she was with as Giants fans were heckled her on her way out of Lucas Oil Stadium in Indianapolis. “My husband can not f–king throw the ball and catch the ball at the same time,” Bündchen was heard saying said at the time. “I can’t believe they dropped the ball so many times.” Bündchen was referring to New England’s receiving corps that dropped a number of crucial passes down the stretch. Wes Welker, in particular, dropped a key pass that could have sealed a win for New England. Meanwhile, Rajek appeared to watch the Buccaneers-Cowboys wild-card matchup at home. The model shared a number of photos to her Instagram Story that showed her sporting Brady’s Bucs jersey. Ahead of Monday’s game, Rajek supported Brady and the Bucs and in a series of Instagram Story posts that showed her lounging with a stuffed bear wearing a No. 12 Brady jersey. Rajek also supported Brady at the Buccaneers-Saints game at Raymond James Stadium last month, where she posed in his No. 12 Bucs jersey in the stands. Brady went 35-of-66 passing for 351 yards, with two late TDs and an early INT against the Cowboys. The 45-year-old Brady might’ve played his last NFL game on Monday night. The seven-time Super Bowl champion quarterback is set to become an unrestricted free agent this year, when he’ll decide to either return for a 24th season, or retire for good. Brady retired briefly last February before changing his mind and announcing his return to the NFL 40 days later. That brought on a whirlwind season that saw him go through a divorce while he led an injured Buccaneers team to the postseason two years after they won a Super Bowl against the Chiefs. Brady and Bündchen, 42, announced in late October they had finalized their divorce after 13 years of marriage. That came after Page Six was first to report in September that they were navigating martial issues. The former couple has two children together, daughter Vivian, 10, and 13-year-old son Benjamin. Brady also has a 15-year-old son Jack with his ex, actress Bridget Moynahan.