Sometimes, you just gotta “Viva La Vida.” And rather than take time off following their worldwide 2022 “Music of the Spheres Tour,” Coldplay will go hard all year long. After performing live at the 20th anniversary of “Jimmy Kimmel Live” on Jan. 26, they’ll serve as the Musical Guest on the Feb. 4 episode of “Saturday Night Live” and then return to the road later this year for international dates in Spain, Great Britain, Italy, Switzerland and The Netherlands before closing their year with a quick seven-concert West Coast tour from Sept. 20 through Oct. 1. Although they played a few shows in California and Arizona last year, this time, they’re making sure to cover all their bases. First, Chris Martin and co. will swoop into the Pacific Northwest and play stadium shows in Seattle (Sept. 20) and Vancouver (Sept. 22, Sept. 23). Then, they’ll wrap with four California shows in San Diego (Sept. 27, Sept. 28) and Pasadena (Sept. 30, Oct. 1). Some tickets are fairly inexpensive to see the seven-time Grammy winners too. In fact, we’re happy to report that some tickets are going for as low as $77 before fees on Vivid Seats at the time of publication. All prices are subject to fluctuation. They’ll be joined by H.E.R. and 070 Shake for all North American “Music of the Spheres Tour” dates.  A complete calendar including all of Coldplay’s upcoming tour dates, venues and the cheapest tickets available for each show can be found below. (Note: The New York Post confirmed all above prices at the publication time. All prices are subject to fluctuation and include additional fees at checkout.) Vivid Seats is a verified secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand. They offer a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and your tickets will be delivered prior to the event.  Each and every North American show will see Coldplay joined by H.E.R. and 070 Shake. Here’s what you need to know about each of them. H.E.R. is a 25-year-old singer-songwriter who has become one of the biggest names in R&B over the past few years. In addition to winning a Grammy and Oscar for her original songs, If you want to acquaint yourself with her catalogue, we recommend starting with her 2021 album “Back Of My Mind.” 070 Shake exploded onto the mainstream after singing the hook on controversial rapper Kanye West’s “Ghost Town.” Since then, she’s lent her voice to rappers Nas and Pusha T’s music as well. For a quick primer, make sure to pop in your headphones and try out her records “Modus Vivendi” and “You Can’t Kill Me.”  In a recent interview with Ryan Seacrest, Coldplay shared that they’re only going to release “three more albums.” “…but lots more tours,” Martin told Seacrest. “Sometimes you can just feel when a story is going to end and that’s what I feel about our albums.” One of those three may be coming soon though. “We’re finishing an album called ‘Moon Music,'” Martin told City News. “(It) is the second ‘Music Of The Spheres’ volume, but that won’t come out for a little bit.” Martin added, “We might start playing some songs at some point this year.”  Rather than just invite any old A-Listers to his 20th Anniversary show, Jimmy Kimmel went back to his roots and brought back the guests from his very first episode where he interviewed himself from 20 years ago. Other guests beside his past self on Jan. 26 were “Ticket to Paradise” star George Clooney, rapper Snoop Dogg and, of course, Coldplay. You can see Chris Martin’s tongue-in-cheek interview followed by the group’s spellbinding performance of their anthem “Clocks” below.  Coldplay will only be in North America for a short window of time this year. Thankfully, many huge acts will tour all over the country in the next few months. Here are just five of our can’t miss, must-see favorites who may be dropping into a stadium or arena near you soon. • Bruce Springsteen and the E Street Band • Taylor Swift • Dave Matthews Band • Maroon 5 • The Killers You already know about those tours? Well, to make it up to you, here’s some more you should definitely check out in our list of the 52 biggest concert tours in 2023.