Unpretentious gems! Julia Fox admitted on TikTok that she loves living in her self-described “tiny” Manhattan apartment that’s infested with mice because she doesn’t like “excessive displays of wealth.” “They make me feel icky,” Fox said in a viral video that has amassed more than 3.3 million views. “Especially people that have really big houses. It’s just really wasteful when there is just so many homeless people in this country. I just, I’m not really like that.” Fox, 32, proceeded to give viewers a tour of her modest Manhattan apartment, which shows a balance of chaos and simplicity. “I never thought in a million years that I would do this, but I do believe in maximum transparency and so I am going to give you guys an apartment tour,” Fox says. “I know I am going to get roasted. And whatever, but hopefully maybe somebody can watch this and be like ‘maybe I’m not doing so bad.'” First, she takes fans into the living room, which she converted into her bedroom. She says she used her smaller bedroom as a playroom for her son Valentino, whom she welcomed with her ex last February. Fox then pans out to a mirror on the wall, which has photos dedicated to her loved ones who have passed away. “This is my nostalgia mirror. This is Valentino when he was born. That is my friend Harmony who passed away. That is my friend Jana who passed away,” she says. Fox then pans to the long hallway. “This is a very long hallway. Nothing happens here.” She then shows a white board of her son’s daycare schedule, with different items lining up the hallway. She proceeds to show her “little bathroom,” which can be seen stacked with clothes. “It’s very tiny, but it does what it is supposed to do,” Fox says, before going into the kitchen. “This is Valentino’s little kitchen area, and then this is my kitchen area. Don’t judge me I know. I know it’s really messy.” Fox then proceeds to show a stack of shoeboxes in the kitchen, adding that it “is very common for New Yorkers.” Is it, though? Fox then pans into her son’s room, which is filled with toys galore, a decorative train rug, life-sized stuffed animals and artwork. “I put the most effort in this room I think. I really wanted him to have a cute room,” Fox explains in the video. “However, he does not hang out here at all. He wants to be in momma’s room. He like doesn’t even sleep in there. He sleeps in bed with me. Yeah we are co-sleepers. Sue me. I don’t care.” At the end of the video, she  reveals that she has a “little mouse problem.” “But it’s a problem depending how you look at it. I kind of let them rock,” Fox says. “I appreciate that at night while they’re sleeping, they clean up the crumbs that my son drops on the floor. So yeah, I’m not going to evict the mice anytime soon.” 