After a blockbuster playoff season, our two Super Bowl LVII contenders have finally been decided. Yesterday, Jan. 29, the Philadelphia Eagles trounced the injured, underprepared San Fransisco 49ers to claim the NFC conference title. But our focus here is on Arrowhead Stadium, where the Chiefs won their third trip to the Super Bowl since 2019 with a dramatic last-minute field goal to send Joe Burrow’s Cincinnati Bengals packing. At 27, QB Patrick Mahomes’ legacy is already set in stone, but last night’s performance (and win) on a serious ankle injury only added to it. Even hobbled, Mahomes threw for 326 yards, two touchdowns, and notably ran for a gain in the last play of the game (although we don’t want to further debate that here), despite an obvious limp. All of that’s to say: Chiefs fans, it’s time to celebrate. Super Bowl LVII is a little less than two weeks away, broadcasting live from Glendale, Arizona on Feb. 12. Before kickoff, make sure you’re repping Kansas City’s latest gear with Fanatics officially-licensed jerseys, hats, T-shirts, and more. Below, we’ve rounded up our eight favorite pieces Kansas City merch. Read on, click through, and cheer on the Chiefs. This newly minted Chiefs AFC Champions hat is the perfect way to gloat, especially around any Bengals fans in your life. And at just $35, it’s also at the perfect price. This AFC Champions Pullover Hoodie is the perfect companion piece to AFC Championship hat. Plus, if you’re not shelling out to fly to Arizona for Super Bowl LVII, it’s guaranteed to keep you warm during the big mid-February showdown. Is Patrick Mahomes the G.O.A.T.? It’s a loaded question, but there is quite a bit of evidence pointing to it. Rep the star team’s star player with this Super Bowl LVII-branded Patrick Mahomes jersey, available for $150 on Fanatics. For the superfan collector, there’s the Travis Kelce Autographed Super Bowl Football. At $700, the price-point will be prohibitive for many. But for those who want to own a piece of Super Bowl history, this rare find is for you. Can’t decide which item of Chiefs merch you want most? How about this sampler box from Fanatics, featuring a cap, coozies, a pennant, towel, stickers, and more? Some fans prefer a baseball cap, and some prefer a flat-top fitted hat. Rep the Chiefs in style with this New Era Fitted Chiefs hat, newly featuring a Super Bowl LVII patch, for just $44. Deck the whole family out in Chief’s merch in anticipation for Super Bowl Sunday with this Toddler’s AFC Champions-branded shirt, now just $25 from Fanatics. There’s merch you can wear, and there’s merch that you’ll never grow out of. Decorate your man cave with this framed 15″ by 17″ Chiefs AFC Champions Poster, and no matter what happens at the Super Bowl, you’ll never forget the run. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.