Spanish influencer Elena Huelva passed away from cancer at 20 — just days after bidding farewell to her fans in a tear-jerking Instagram video. The clip amassed over 970,000 likes as fans and admirers mourned the courageous youngster’s passing. A family member confirmed that Huelva died on Tuesday in an Instagram story posted to her page. “Since this morning, Elena dances and looks down at you from her star,” they wrote. “Thank you for everything.” The Seville social media star officially died of complications from Ewing sarcoma, a rare type of bone cancer that she’d battled throughout her teens after getting diagnosed in 2016, Jam Press reported. Huelva chronicled her heartbreaking cancer journey on Instagram, where she amassed over 950,000 followers, many of whom were inspired by her ability to maintain such a positive outlook amid disease. However, in her latest clip filmed from her hospital bed, the youngster bid adieu to fans after explaining that her condition had deteriorated significantly. “Things are not going well,” lamented an intubated Huelva, while struggling to choke back tears. “They found more disease in my windpipe, which is very dangerous, as you know, because that’s where we breathe.” The brave Spaniard added that she didn’t “need to say much more.” Despite the dismal prognosis, Huelva claimed that she wanted to “make it clear that I’ve already won. “I know that my life was not in vain, because I fought and got what I wanted,” declared the patient, referring to her wish to raise awareness about the disease. The influencer was even allowed to spend Christmas at home with her family, including her parents Manuel and Emi and her older sister Emi, 26, despite her worsening condition. In her final post, on January 1, Huelva shared a photo of herself holding hands with a loved one. “Today I woke up not in the best way, in fact, nothing good, a big scare,” the caption read. “These are very difficult days, they are becoming more and more complicated, but as you know I am stronger, and more complicated!” Huelva signed off with her catchphrase and the title of her 2022 book: “My desires win.” Her Instagram followers were devastated by her loss with one crestfallen fan writing, “I can’t believe it rest in peace darling.” “Rest in peace my love, you have been an example of struggle and improvement,” mourned another. The late Instagram sensation even received tributes from Spanish celebrities, including TV presenter Sara Carbonero, singer Manuel Carrasco and actress Ana Obregón, whose son also passed away from Ewing sarcoma.