It looks like there’s no love lost between this stepson and his allegedly wicked stepmother. Prince Harry is holding nothing back blasting Camilla, the Queen Consort. During an interview with Anderson Cooper on Sunday night on “60 Minutes,” while promoting his much-hyped memoir “Spare,” Harry, 38, said that Camilla’s need to rehabilitate her image from being a “villain” in the British press made her “dangerous” to him, “Because of the connections that she was forging within the British press,” he said. “And there was open willingness on both sides to trade of information. And with a family built on hierarchy, and with her, on the way to being Queen consort, there was gonna be people or bodies left in the street because of that.” Harry felt that he was one of these “bodies,” he told Cooper, 55, on “60 Minutes.” He further wrote in his book, “Camilla sacrificed me on her personal P.R. altar.” Harry has previously spoken out about his family throwing him and Meghan Markle under the bus, in order to make themselves look better in the public eye. In their Netflix docuseries “Harry & Meghan,” Harry alleged that both his father Charles and his brother William leaked stories about the couple to the media, and also engaged in “trading” stories. (As he explained, that’s when a member of the royal family offers the press a scoop on a different member, in order to try to extinguish negative stories about themselves). Harry said that he and William swore to never do this practice of “trading,” but William broke that promise.“To see my brother’s office copy the very same thing we promised the two of us would never ever do, that was heartbreaking,” Harry said in the documentary. Now, he’s stating that Camilla left him as a “body in the street” because of her need to give herself a better image than being the “other woman” in King Charles’ and Princess Diana’s marriage. After Camilla and Charles had a widely publicized affair that led to Charles and Diana divorcing, Charles and Camilla finally married in 2005. Prince Harry wasn’t happy about that, either, he dishes in his book, and neither was Prince William. Meanwhile, “60 Minutes” co-host Cooper pressed Harry about why both brothers told their father not to marry Camilla. “We didn’t think it was necessary,” he said. “We thought that it was gonna cause more harm than good. And that if he was now with his person — surely that’s enough. Why go that far when you don’t necessarily need to?” “Spare” comes out Jan. 10.