Bryan Kohberger got a new license plate for his car just days after he allegedly slaughtered four University of Idaho students in November, according to newly released records. Kohberger swapped plates on his white Hyundai Elantra — the vehicle that became the focus of the police investigation before his arrest — five days after the horrifying murders of the college students, a licensing document obtained by the New York TImes showed. Police in Moscow, Idaho had put out public requests in early December for information on the driver of a white Hyundai Elantra which they said had been seen near the students’ off-campus home the same night a person stabbed them to death in the rental property. Authorities had said they believed the occupant of the car could have “critical information to share” regarding the Nov. 13 killings. Kohberger, 28, registered his 2015 model — a couple years newer than what police had initially said they were looking for — on  Nov. 18, the document shows. The car had been previously registered in Pennsylvania, his home state where he had been spending the holidays when he was arrested on Dec. 30. The alleged killer and his 67-year-old father Michael Kohberger drove the same car cross country from Washington state, where the younger man was enrolled in a doctorate program in criminology. They were twice pulled over by police in Indiana for tailgating and newly-released body cam footage of the traffic stops shows the pair looking jumpy as they discussed a shooting at Bryan Kohberger’s college. The son was behind the wheel when an officer from the Hancock County Sheriff’s Office in Indiana pulled them over on Dec. 15. The incident was the first of the duo’s two traffic stops in Indiana that happened in quick succession. Both were for driving too close to a car in front of them, but neither ended up with a ticket being issued. “You were right up on the back end of that van. I pulled you over for tailgating,” the officer told them. During the stop, the two told the cop about an incident that was developing in real time at Washington State University Pullman, where Bryan Kohberger had just finished his first semester. Earlier that morning, a SWAT team had killed a man near the college’s campus who threatened to murder his roommates. The incident was unrelated to the University of Idaho murders. Their discussion appeared to confuse the officer, who said he was unaware of the incident. “Interesting,” the cop said. “Well, it’s horrifying,” Michael Kohberger responded. When the officer asked the father and son where they were headed, the younger Kohberger responded, “We’re gonna get some Thai food right now.” His father followed up by saying, “We’re headed to Pennsylvania, the Pocono Mountains.” “We’re slightly punchy because we’ve been driving for hours,” he added. The cop let them go with a warning at 10:44 a.m. Just six minutes later, the two were pulled over again for following a car too closely, according to bodycam footage released by police Tuesday. Kohberger appeared in Pennsylvania court Tuesday after waiving his right to an extradition hearing. He arrived back in Idaho Wednesday night and is expected to appear in court Thursday. His extradition attorney has said he plans to plead not guilty to the charges and his family have urged the public not to pre-judge him. Kohberger is accused of fatally stabbing students Madison Mogen, 21, Kaylee Goncalves, 21, Ethan Chapin, 20, and Xana Kernodle, 20, at an off-campus home in Moscow, Idaho on Nov. 13. It’s still unclear how investigators came to arrest him. More details on the investigation will be released following his Idaho court appearance, after which prosecutors can make his probable cause affidavit public, per local law.