When Kevin Durant got hurt on Jan. 8 in Miami and was diagnosed with a sprained MCL the next morning, the Nets said he would be evaluated in two weeks. With the Nets flying cross-country following their victory over the defending-champion Warriors, no update was expected Monday. There could be more clarity at Tuesday’s practice. For his part, coach Jacque Vaughn said he has given his star player his space during his rehab process. “Yeah, I really kind of said in two weeks let me know something,” Vaughn said. “So besides that, haven’t asked for update and I’m looking forward to the two-week update.” Last season Durant missed nearly seven weeks with a sprained MCL, getting hurt on Jan. 15 and not returning until March 3. The Nets went 5-16 in that stretch, but multiple sources told The Post this injury is not as severe as that one. Kyrie Irving has been on fire of late, out-dueling Steph Curry on Sunday with 38 points, seven rebounds and a season-high nine assists. It’s the first time he’s ever topped 30 points, five assists and five boards in three consecutive games. The All-Star point guard has 15,025 career points, passing Mike Miller for the 146th slot all time. Nic Claxton had 24 points and 15 rebounds versus the Warriors, both career-highs. He set the franchise record with a 12th straight game of at least three blocks, breaking the mark set twice by Shawn Bradley in 1996. “Yeah I knew I was close, and I knew I didn’t have any blocks in the first half so I knew I needed to come out and get a few. That’s big-time. Beating that record is big-time,” said Claxton, whose confidence is at a high. “I feel like the sky’s the limit. I’m just playing free. It’s a lot more opportunity out there for myself and my teammates are finding me and I’m staying aggressive with the minutes I’m being given and I’m just having fun and just playing. I’m having a lot of fun and definitely feel like the sky’s the limit.” Royce O’Neale hit the go-ahead 3-pointer in a game-ending 22-6 run. He’s now shooting a career-best 40.5 percent from deep, putting the 3 in his 3-and-D profile. “I think just the work coming in every day, working hard on my craft, and being confident in myself during these games,” O’Neale said. “I mean, these guys having a lot of trust me, finding me, and me just having the trusting and having the confidence in myself being that guy.” Brooklyn’s 16 road wins are the second-most in the NBA. The Nets’ next game caps a five-game road swing, ending Wednesday in Philadelphia.