Damn, she’s really feeling like a woman. At 57, country-pop queen Shania Twain has gone nude — in the artwork for her upcoming album, “Queen of Me,” due Feb. 3. “It was so empowering. I’m so glad I did it,” a pink-haired Twain told Hoda Kotb on the “Today” show Thursday. “I was petrified, but once I flipped that switch and dove into it, I’m like, ‘I’m all in!’ I committed 100%.” Indeed, Twain got completely comfy in her bare skin. “I wasn’t thinking about what anybody thought, I didn’t think about who was in the room,” she told the morning show host. “This is about me, this is my moment to really embrace myself in a vulnerable moment. It had to be vulnerable, where I felt that I was facing a fear of being judged or being maybe even laughed at, being embarrassed.” In the end, it was a show of in-the-raw strength. “It was only empowering,” said Twain. “It was really fabulous.” Twain, who released her upbeat new single “Giddy Up!” Thursday, got real about dealing with her body insecurities. “I don’t really love my body,” she said. “I don’t love looking at myself in the mirror with the lights on or looking in the mirror at all at my body.” But the Grammy-winning star has been working on feeling herself more in her 50s. “It’s so essential, more than ever, because as we age … our skin starts to melt and all kinds of things happen to us,” said Twain. “I realize that, wow, I was shy about wearing a bikini at the beach when I was younger, and I’m thinking, ‘That was ridiculous. I gotta stop this nonsense and start wearing a bikini to the beach now, even though I’m not my 20-year-old self.’ You know, I just gotta get over that stuff,” the Ontario, Canada, native told Kotb. For Twain, the new album title — “Queen of Me” — is all about empowerment. “It means taking responsibility, ownership of yourself … loving who you are,” she said. “I’m my own royalty. I’m the boss of me. And I’m responsible for the decisions I make, for what I say, for what I do. And it’s a statement of self-confidence that I’ve grown into more over the last few years.”