Channing Tatum is ready to take it all off again as the titular male stripper in “Magic Mike’s Last Dance,” which bumps and grinds into theaters Feb. 10. But although the 42-year-old actor began stripping when he was 18 — loosely inspiring the original “Magic Mike” in 2012 — even he felt awkward about putting the moves on co-star Salma Hayek, 56, in the franchise’s third film. “I mean, she was one of my first crushes,” he told Vanity Fair about dry-humping Hayek’s character in the movie’s opening scene. “But I do have to say that’s almost the comfort zone for me.” While “Magic Mike’s Last Dance” is the final chapter in the series, Tatum — who said he got into “the best shape of my entire life” for the film — doesn’t expect that his shirtless scenes are over. “I doubt that I’ll be able to keep my clothes on forever,” he said. Currently shooting “Project Artemis” with Scarlett Johansson — in which he plays a NASA launch director during the Apollo program — Tatum is also looking at remaking the classic 1990 romance “Ghost,” which starred Demi Moore and the late Patrick Swayze. His production company, Free Association, owns the rights to the film, and Tatum would potentially star in the Swayze role. “But we’re going to do something different,” he said. “I think it needs to change a little bit.” And he’s already got the magic hands for the iconic pottery scene, having taken up sculpting. “I like anatomy,” he said. “Not like in a Dahmer way, but if you give me a piece of clay, I could make your hand.” Tatum’s real-life romance with his “Step Up” co-star Jenna Dewan, 42, crumbled after 10 years of marriage in 2019. “In the beginning, it was super scary and terrifying,” he said of their split. “Your life just turns on its axis. This whole plan that you had literally just turns into sand and goes through your fingers, and you’re just like, ‘Oh s—t. What now?’ ” For Tatum, that may be his one and only trip to the altar. “I don’t know if I’m ever going to get married again,” he said. “Relationships are hard for me. Even though I am a bit of a monogamist.” That’s not to say he’s single. Tatum is dating “The Batman” actress Zoë Kravitz, who directed him playing a sinister tech billionaire in the upcoming film “Pussy Island.” Online, social media sleuths have busted him for following his new boo’s fan accounts on Instagram. “I have no chill,” said Tatum. “I was just seeing what she was up to! Also, I didn’t know anyone would know.”