Mayor Eric Adams is 100% correct to call out slimy progressive city Comptroller Brad Lander after Lander criticized Adams’ weekend trip to the border as a tide of migrants overwhelms his city. “The people of this city have been going through this for months, for months, and his first communication was a week ago,” marveled the mayor. “You’re the comptroller, you should be concerned about the financial hit our city is seeing” and “be writing letters with me and going to DC.” Lander sneered (from his campaign Twitter handle, no less) on Sunday that the trip risked “reinforcing a harmful narrative that new immigrants themselves are a problem.” Narrative? Tens of thousands of illegal migrants with no way to support themselves are a problem — and not because Adams is a closet xenophobe. Lander may see them as neato political action figures; in reality, they’re living, breathing human beings who need shelter, food and schooling. That will cost New York billions (per Lander’s own estimate!), a fact that seems to concern our alleged comptroller far less than public posturing. At an event they both attended Monday, the mayor thundered about “the madness of people telling me I shouldn’t go speak to my fellow mayor in El Paso to deal with a crisis that the national government is supposed to be dealing with.” Without naming Lander, he added: “Stop running for office and do the office you got now.” Damn right. Given the economic and social effects of unlimited migration, Lander should be fighting tooth and nail on the same side as Adams, doing intra-city diplomacy and whatever it takes to staunch the flow and/or get the resources to handle it. But Lander’s real concern is running for office — Adams’. The comptroller’s spinning up his base at the expense of those the migrant tsunami is actually hurting. Biden’s border disaster has cascaded into tragedies across the nation. Lander knows this, but speaking that truth is taboo for left-leaning Dems. That’s a huge part of how we got here, by the way: refusing to recognize the base-level realities of illegal migration. As long as Democrats stick with Lander in deep denial, the problem can only go from bad to worse to catastrophic.