Lying Long Island Rep. George Santos proposed to his then-teenage boyfriend while he was still married to a woman — and five years before he got divorced, according to a report. “Good evening everyone! As you all may already know Pedro and I have decided to join our toothbrushes! Lol and a very few friends have been selected to share this special moment with us!,” Santos wrote in a 2014 Facebook invite shared with the Daily Beast by Santos’ old roommate, Greg Morey-Parker. Pedro Vilarva, who was 18 when he met the then-26-year-old future congressman in 2014, also confirmed to the outlet that Santos invited friends to celebrate their engagement in November of that year — even though he never accepted his proposal. “Thanks for sharing this very important day in our lives,” Santos wrote on Facebook of the planned Nov. 23 celebration at La Bonne Soupe in Midtown Manhattan. However, the party “never happened” because Vilarva repeatedly rejected Santos’ proposals, he told the outlet. “He asked me 3x but I didn’t accept it,” Santos’ former lover told the Beast via text message. “There was never a party [or] anything in regards to it,” he said. Confusingly, the public invite came just two years into Santos’ marriage to Uadla Vieira Santos, a Brazilian woman whom his housemates rarely saw and only knew as “a friend,” according to the Daily Beast. Former roommate Morey-Parker told the Daily Beast that Santos once “tried to get me to marry some Brazilian woman so she could get citizenship” — saying he could make money from the deal. The report did not elaborate on when that suggestion was made. Santos’ wife first filed for divorce in May 2013, just to halt it by the end of that year — 11 months before Santos proposed to his young boyfriend. He remained legally married until September 2019, ending his mostly secretive marriage less than two weeks before he filed the official paperwork to launch his initial 2020 campaign. The openly gay politician did not mention his marriage to a woman in either of his campaigns, the Beast noted. His 2022 campaign initially said he was living with his husband and their four dogs on Long Island. That has since been scrubbed. Another former roommate, Yasser Rabello, told the outlet that Santos always seemed like a “pathological liar” — even sharing old Facebook messages in which the congressman claimed he’d landed a job at CNN. Rabello said he lived with Santos, his sister and their since-deceased mother in a crowded apartment in Jackson Heights in 2013 and 2014 — but “never knew” his roommate was married at the time. Santos’ wife was living in Astoria at the time, and the one time he met her, Santos introduced her as “a friend,” Rabello said. Morey-Parker, meanwhile, told the Daily Beast that the pol stole from him a scarf that a pal gave him after he “had tried to kill myself.” “Watching him wear that scarf that means quite a lot to me just pisses me the f–k off,” he said. Santos’ ex-wife did not respond to questions, while the under-fire congressman only commented after the Daily Beast article was already published, the outlet said. Referring to Morey-Parker, Santos said: “I will not give comment to slanderous accusations made by a person of the likes of Gregory.”