I find it laughable that Democrats are pulling their hair out trying to unseat George Santos as a representative (“Santos takes ethics slap from 2 Dem NYers,” Jan. 11). Is he guilty of lying? Yes. But, so is almost every other member of Congress. In fact, the very definition of a politician today is “a liar.” We have senators who claimed to have served in the military who did not. There are many in Congress who have never read proposals, budgets nor laws being presented, and yet they represent themselves as “knowledgeable.” At least Santos has admitted he fabricated his resume. How many of his peers can admit their fabrications? He is now among his element. Let’s see what he does. Ken Chorzewski New Rochelle Has the world gone crazy? Santos is a psychopath and is going to play this charade as long as he can. He needs a paycheck and pension. Michelle Novak Syosset I think Santos, the newly elected Republican congressman, has a very good case if he intends to fight for his position. All he has to do is plead ignorance of the golden rule as it pertains to the House, the Senate and the president: The rule is that you have to wait until after you are elected and sworn in to start lying. For advice on when it’s safe to start lying, he can go straight to the top — President Biden. He seems to have many years of experience at it and only gets better with time, like a fine wine. Brian F. Bendl Wayne, NJ Disgraced Santos argues that he won’t resign and hides behind the 142,00 people who voted for him. But did they really vote for him, or did they vote for the person he and his resume said he was, which turned out to be full of falsehoods? The person they thought they voted for doesn’t exist. A seeming imposter currently represents the 3rd congressional district. Republicans need to fix this. Russell Budd Middletown Perhaps if Rep. George Santos also claimed that he had served with Sen. Richard Blumenthal in Vietnam, or that he stood alongside Hillary Clinton as they came under sniper fire in Bosnia, then Reps. Richie Torres and Daniel Goodman wouldn’t be so quick to file their ethics complaint. What’s that old childish retort? Takes one to know one? Joe Schulok The Bronx Let the voters recall Santos, or better still, let him resign. We do not want a political body making a decision to expel him from Congress. As long as he is serving in the House of Representatives, he will be a distraction and will damage the institution. Lesson — voters beware. Vet candidates for elective office. Ed Houlihan Ridgewood, NJ Having had so much to live for, Lisa Marie Presley’s tragic and untimely death is indeed sad (“Elvis’ daughter dead at 54,” Jan. 13) . While some may ponder whether her family is cursed, struggling with a drug addiction may have had more to do with her death than anything else. Like her famous father Elvis Presley, Carrie Fisher and so many others — addiction is the perfect prescription for an early death. JoAnn Lee Frank Clearwater, Fla. Rest in peace, Lisa Marie Presley. I’m sending every ounce of strength I have to all of her loved ones. This is absolutely devastating. Paul Bacon Hallandale Beach, Fla. Want to weigh in on today’s stories? Send your thoughts (along with your full name and city of residence) to letters@nypost.com. Letters are subject to editing for clarity, length, accuracy and style.