Lawyer John Eastman has been hit with disciplinary charges — and should be disbarred for his alleged involvement in former President Donald Trump’s bid to throw out the 2020 election results, according to the California State Bar. The regulatory group said it’ll seek the revocation of Eastman’s law license after charging him with 11 ethics violations for allegedly making false statements in public, and for misleading courts. “There is nothing more sacrosanct to our American democracy than free and fair elections and the peaceful transfer of power,” said State Bar of California chief trial counsel George Cardona, according to a report by Law & Crime. “The Notice of Disciplinary Charges alleges that Mr. Eastman violated this duty in furtherance of an attempt to usurp the will of the American people and overturn election results for the highest office in the land — an egregious and unprecedented attack on our democracy — for which he must be held accountable,” Cardona said. Eastman – Trump’s personal lawyer when he was in office – penned a six-step legal plan claiming then-Vice President Mike Pence didn’t have to accept the election results in certain swing states, which Pence rejected. The lawyer also repped Trump, 76, in a Supreme Court case seeking to overturn the election results in four states where Trump alleged there ‘d been voter fraud. Eastman also made similar statements outside the White House on Jan. 6, 2021 before the Capital riot ensued. A state bar courthas to rule on the charges Eastman faces and then recommend a discipline if they rule against him. Any discipline – such as suspension or disbarring – then has to be approved by the California Supreme Court. Eastman’s lawyer Randall Miller said in a statement that his client disputes “every aspect” of the Bar’s allegations, claiming Eastman shouldn’t be penalize for simply offering legal advice to Trump. “Any lawyer engaged to provide his or her legal assessment in a dynamic, consequential, and often emotional arena should be deeply troubled by the notion that a licensing authority (bar) can take their license if they do not like the lawyer’s advice, or find the advocacy distasteful,” Miller’s statement said. With Post Wires