From waste debate to masturbate. An online council meeting descended into chaos after a self-pleasuring citizen popped up on camera partway through the proceedings. Councilors in Flintshire, Wales, were arguing over waste strategy via Zoom on Tuesday evening when they were interrupted by the masturbating member of the public. The horny man — who was completely nude and had the screen name “James Trainor” — was seemingly an exhibitionist who deliberately dialed into the discussion while pleasuring himself. He did not appear to have been inadvertently busted enjoying a solo session — à la infamous Zoom perv Jeffrey Toobin. “C-m, I want you to c-m with me,” the kinky culprit could be heard moaning during the meeting as council members reacted in horror to the jaw-dropping — and drawer-dropping — display. Footage from the meeting was first shared by the news site Deeside.com and shows the proceedings going smoothly until “James Trainor” joins the Zoom meeting. “Someone’s joined the meeting … James Trainor?” one councilor states in confusion. “Sorry, I’m just joining late,” the man can be heard responding. “Sorry, who are you? Are you a member of the public?” another official asked. “We ask all people who dial into the meeting to remain on mute, but of course members of the public are perfectly welcome to watch because this is a public meeting.” Shortly after, the man flashed up on the screen pleasuring himself while naked. The meeting was quickly cut off before it later resumed without “James Trainor” in attendance. It’s unclear how the masturbating man was able to join the Zoom meeting as the link to the proceedings was only given out to officers and councilors. One female council member believed that the culprit “hacked” his way into the online meeting. “I’m a bit concerned that I seem to have been hacked and messages keep being made in my name,” she stated during the proceedings. The man’s identity has not been determined and it’s unclear whether he could face any criminal charges pertaining to his sleazy cyber stunt.