Some NFL players, past and present, aren’t happy with Bart Scott over his commentary about Bills safety Damar Hamlin’s tackle on Bengals wideout Tee Higgins during “Monday Night Football.” Cowboys linebacker Micah Parsons blasted Scott on Twitter Tuesday night, sharing a now-viral clip of the ESPN analyst on “First Take” discussing the play, which occurred before Hamlin suffered cardiac arrest on the field. “Yoo are we serious?!!?” Parsons tweeted. “Why do we let some people speak on tv?! This was a freak incident but putting fault on another player is wild! They should make some of these guys go over lines or something or not even give them a seat at the table!” In a separate tweet, Parsons wrote: “Like does not even consider how tee Huggins feels before airing some bull shut [sic] like that! That traumatic event he just went through! I swear some of these tv guys have too much egos on these stages we give them!” Scott, a former NFL linebacker for 11 seasons, said that Higgins lowered his helmet into Hamlin, causing Hamlin’s chest to be exposed during the hit. His commentary led to some people accusing him of placing blame on Higgins for the tragic event. Former Bengals tackle Andrew Whitworth, who currently serves as an NFL analyst on Amazon’s “Thursday Night Football,” agreed with Parsons in a reply tweet. “I feel you young legend! On every level!” Whitworth wrote. “Like bro, it’s not about this guy and his hot takes right now! It’s about our brotherhood putting our arms around each other and pulling closer together for our brothers! Not that BS!” During his appearance on “First Take,” Scott was asked by host Stephen A. Smith about the NFL’s governing rules on the play as Higgins’ tackle was routine and legal. “The NFL has tried to take the head out of the game,” Scott said. “We almost don’t think of the violent hits — we always associate that with the defensive players in targeting and lowering their head. But they did put in the rule maybe five years ago, that offensive players can’t use the crown of their head, helmet as a weapon, which is kind of what Tee Higgins did and I’m not trying to put the blame on Tee Higgins, but that’s something that they tried to take out. … They never make that call.” Smith then asked Scott to further explain what happened during the play, while noting that it was unintentional by Higgins. “Right before the tackle, he lowers his helmet and he kind of throws his body into his chest,” Scott said. “He’s standing up because he’s thinking he got to chase Tee Higgins at an angle to make a tackle so he didn’t expect Tee Higgins to launch his body back into him. “It’s one of those things, a lot of times you see it as a linebacker … a running back comes through the hole and he knows the contact is coming so he lowers his helmet and you can’t get underneath him so he’s able to get into you and your chest is exposed. They have taken that out of the game but they don’t really regulate it as much as possible. I expect the league will be a lot more vigilant when it comes to that and using that penalty.” As of Wednesday, there has been no medical confirmation that the hit caused Hamlin to go into cardiac arrest. Hamlin remains in critical condition in the intensive care unit at the University of Cincinnati Medical Center, according to the Bills. The second-year safety suffered cardiac arrest on the field and collapsed during the first quarter of Monday’s matchup with the Bengals. Medical personnel administered CPR on the 24-year-old and his heartbeat was restored on the field before he was transferred to UC Medical Center for further testing and treatment, the Bills said. Dorrian Glenn, Hamlin’s uncle, told a CNN reporter Tuesday night that Hamlin was resuscitated twice — once on the field and once at the hospital. He added that Hamlin is now on 50% oxygen after originally being on 100%. The Bills-Bengals game was postponed after Hamlin’s medical emergency. On Tuesday, the NFL announced that the game will not resume this week, and that the league has not made any changes to the Week 18 regular season schedule.