Andy Cohen says he didn’t mean to drop the ball with Ryan Seacrest. Both Cohen, 54, and Seacrest, 48, hosted New Year’s Eve specials last weekend, and Seacrest claimed the “Watch What Happens Live” host ignored him. “It was funny because my big stage was right in front of Anderson [Cooper] and Andy,” he said on Tuesday’s episode of “Live With Ryan and Kelly.” “When I was not working, I was trying to get their attention,” he continued, showing Kelly Ripa how he waved to the pair hosting CNN’s “New Year’s Eve Live.” “And Anderson, the best. He turns around and he says, ‘Have a good show.’ Very nice. Andy did not turn around,” Seacrest claimed. Ripa, 52, shot back at her “Live” co-host, saying: “That’s not true. He said he was trying to get your attention.” Now, Cohen is attempting to set the record straight, claiming on his Sirius XM show Wednesday that he never saw Seacrest and that “he’s got a bug up about me.” “I didn’t see him,” he said on “Andy Cohen Live.” “I don’t even know what I, I didn’t see Anderson [Cooper] turn around and wave. Usually what Anderson will do, and I should, I should call him back and ask him about this, frankly. But I think he’ll yell at me if I do.” “Usually if [Anderson’s] waving at Ryan, he’ll say to me, ‘Hey, there’s Ryan.’ You know what I mean? And then I’ll turn around and wave, or I’ll say, ‘There’s Ryan,’ but he didn’t do that,” Cohen continued. Cohen then called Cooper, 55, to clarify the New Year’s Eve greeting debacle, to which Cooper said, seeming displeased, “Oh, you’re gonna get me involved in a thing with Seacrest. I’m not stepping into this.” “This is a ‘you and I’ thing because he said on the show that you very politely turned around and waved to him and mouthed to him, ‘Have a good show,’ and that I didn’t turn around,” Cohen replied to Cooper. Cohen continued: “And I, and my point is that, what the point I was just making on the show was usually if one of us sees Ryan and turns around and waves, we’ll say to the other, ‘Oh, there’s Seacrest.’ So I’m saying, you didn’t say that to me this year.” “No, I didn’t,” Cooper confirmed. “I just happened to turn, like, there was a couple times I looked to see if he was around and there was one time I turned and he was there where they do the hourly countdown and I saw him and we both waved … You were involved in like some producer thing,” Cooper continued. “Yeah I was dealing with the show,” Cohen chimed in. Cooper admitted he thought Cohen had previously seen Seacrest and already said his hellos. “It all happened so fast, it wasn’t a big deal. I did not [let you know]. I’m sorry if that was a failing on my part. I thought I saw you waving,” Cooper apologized. “I was trying to get Duran Duran’s attention,” Cohen joked in response.