Every NFL season is strange, and 2022 was no different. But one of the weirdest things about this season was how it lacked the meteoric rise of an off-the-radar player. We didn’t have a mid-round pick finish in the top five or 10, like Deebo Samuel last season. You didn’t have a player go from complete obscurity to top-three at his position, like Robert Tonyan in 2020. You didn’t get a surprising vault to the top like Lamar Jackson in 2019. Primarily, the top of the scoring charts were dominated by those who were near the top of draft boards. That virtually eliminated draft value as a component in choosing our fantasy MVP, which means it came down to performance and availability, and separation from positional peers. The Madman just can’t award the MVP to a QB. Even if it was harder than normal to get by at QB this season, it still isn’t as hard as dealing with subpar running backs or wide receivers. Speaking of running backs and wide receivers, they again populated the top of the scoring charts. Yet the top four RBs only had about one PPR point per week separating them on average. The top four wide receivers had a similar quad cluster at the top. The top QB outscored the next best QB by less than a point per week. There was one position that had a clear runaway leader, someone so far ahead that the next best option finished nearly a touchdown per week behind, a guy who scored almost 100 more in PPR than the next best option. The Madman’s fantasy MVP this season, for the first time ever, is a tight end: the Chiefs’ Travis Kelce. BEST QB: Patrick Mahomes, Chiefs — A late-season injury took leader Jalen Hurts out of contention. Mahomes was just a touch better than Josh Allen over the course of the season and in the fantasy playoffs. Honorable mentions: Hurts (Eagles), Allen (Bills), Joe Burrow (Bengals). BEST RB: Austin Ekeler, Chargers — Tight call with Christian McCaffrey. But Ekeler finished more than a point better per week in PPR. Honorable mentions: McCaffrey (Panthers/49ers), Josh Jacobs (Raiders). BEST WR: Justin Jefferson, Vikings — This one is closer than it might appear. Jefferson was a monster most weeks, but when he wasn’t, he was trash (three games in which he scored fewer than seven in PPR) — and one of those came in the title week. But … he only had one other game in which he dipped below 15, and he had seven games in which he topped 30. Even a great season by Tyreek Hill isn’t enough to overcome those numbers. Honorable mentions: Hill (Dolphins), Davante Adams (Raiders), Stefon Diggs (Bills). BEST ROOKIE: Garrett Wilson, WR, Jets — Maybe Jets RB Breece Hall would have run way with this if he hadn’t been injured. But as it stands, instead, we give it to his teammate. Honorable mentions: Chris Olave (WR, Saints), Kenneth Walker (RB, Seahawks). Aaron Rodgers QB, Packers, vs. Lions (FanDuel $7,100/DraftKings $6,000) The best way to try to navigate Week 18 fantasy chaos is to lean on players whose teams have something to play for. It has been a rough fantasy season for Rodgers, but with playoffs on the line, at home, against the league’s worst defense vs. QBs, we’re OK using him here. Trevor Lawrence QB, Jaguars, vs. Titans (FD $8,000/DK $6,100) A do-or-die game, with a QB on the rise. We’re not worried about his toe injury, and Lawrence doesn’t have to worry about Tennessee’s poor pass defense. Tyler Allgeier RB, Falcons, vs. Buccaneers (FD $6,500/DK $5,600) Getting good volume since Atlanta’s Week 14 bye. Facing a Bucs team with nothing to play for other than to avoid injury. D.J. Moore WR, Panthers, at Saints (FD $7,300/DK $6,100) Seems to be clicking with QB Sam Darnold (TD in four of five games). Not worried about motivation for eliminated Panthers, since everyone is playing and coaching for their jobs. Justin Herbert QB, Chargers, at Broncos (FD $7,500/DK $6,800) It makes no sense for the Chargers to risk Herbert with little to gain and him still nursing a shoulder ailment. Oh, and Denver has the league’s second-best defense vs. opposing fantasy QBs, so there’s that, too. Christian McCaffrey RB, 49ers, vs. Cardinals (FD $10,000/DK $9,300) Shot at No. 1 seed is very slim and not worth the risk to CMC, who is dealing with ankle and knee issues. Plus, Elijah Mitchell could return this week. Expect more Jordan Mason as well. Corey Clement RB, Cardinals, at 49ers (FD $5,700/DK $4,900) People might be tempted, with James Conner out. But facing the league’s top run defense, without a legitimate NFL quarterback or passing-game threat, and an RB who has more than 10 carries just once in the past four seasons? No thanks. Garrett Wilson WR, Jets, at Dolphins (FD $7,100/DK $5,800) It should go without saying at this point: Don’t play Wilson. Joe Flacco has gotten the call, and some will point to Wilson’s monster Week 2 with him. But we would counter with his humdrum Weeks 1 and 3. Site: DraftKings Slate: Sun main (13 games) Type: $20 tourney Top prize: $1M QB — Dak Prescott (Dal, at Was) $6,600 RB — Cam Akers (LAR, at Sea) $6,200 RB — Najee Harris (Pit, vs. Cle) WR — D.J. Moore (Car, at NO) $6,100 WR — Drake London (Atl, vs. TB) $4,900 WR — Rashid Shaheed (NO, vs. Car) $4,200 TE — Dalton Schultz (Dal, at Was) $4,500 Flex — Ja’Marr Chase (Cin, vs. Bal) $8,400 DST — Broncos (Den, vs. LAC) $2,500 QB — Geno Smith (Sea, vs. LAR) $6,000 RB — Najee Harris (Pit, vs. Cle) $6,100 RB — Kenneth Walker (Sea, vs. LAR) $6,400 WR — Brandon Aiyuk (SF, vs. Ari) $6,800 WR — DK Metcalf (Sea, vs. LAR) $6,700 WR — Rashid Shaheed (NO, vs. Car) $4,200 TE — George Kittle (SF, vs. Ari) $6,000 Flex — Alexander Mattison (Min, at Chi) $5,100 DST — Texans (Hou, at Ind) $2,700 For late roster chances, follow @NYPost_Loftis and @NYPost_Roto on Twitter Season risked: $168 Season winnings: Jarad $135, Drew $27