Beatlemania marches on. In 2023, Beatles drummer turned All Starr Band frontman Ringo Starr will tour all over North America from May 19 through June 17. At all shows, he’ll “get by with a little help from his friends” including classic rock legends like Men At Work singer Colin Hay, Toto guitarist/singer Steve Lukather and Edgar Winter Group keyboardist/singer Edgar Winter among others. “I love playing with the All Starrs and can’t wait to be back out on the road again with this band,” Starr said in a statement. “I send Peace and Love to you all and we hope to see you out there.” So, if you want to see the 82-year-old Rock and Roll Hall of Fame inductee and Member of the British Empire (!) live this year, you can scoop up tickets as early as today. Although inventory isn’t available on Ticketmaster until Thursday, Jan. 19, fans who want to ensure they have tickets ahead of time can purchase on sites like Vivid Seats before seats are officially on sale. Vivid Seats is a secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand. They have a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and will be delivered before the event.  On the run, Ringo will kick things off in Temecula, CA at the Pechanga Entertainment Center on May 19. Just a few of the biggest stops for the All Starr Band include a three-night stay at the Venetian Theatre in Las Vegas (May 24, May 26, May 27), two nights in San Diego (May 28, May 31), Denver (June 6), San Francisco (June 11) and Los Angeles (June 15). The tour will close at the San Jose Civic in San Jose, CA on June 17. A complete calendar including all tour dates, venues, show start times and links to buy tickets can be found here.  At 82, Ringo is still doing the dang thing and putting in work. In October 2022, the former Fab Four drummer dropped the four-song “EP3” with his All-Starr Band. Composed of feel-good anthems and sing-a-longs, somehow the lad from Liverpool is still bringing the goods. Ultimate Classic Rock called the short offering “genuine and infectious.” You can listen to the four tracks here.  Starr’s All Starrs are a veritable who’s who of classic rock legends. In addition to Colin Hay, Steve Lukather and Edgar Winter, here’s who you can expect to see onstage with Ringo and the guys when you see them live this spring and summer. Gregg Bissonette drums. He also gets around. You may have seen him and his kit onstage with Spinal Tap, The David Lee Roth Band, Joe Satriani band or Electric Light Orchestra. Hamish Stuart was the bassist for the Average White Band. He also played alongside the Paul McCartney Band. Warren Ham has played multiple instruments for multiple iconic classic rock outfits including Kansas, Toto. Ham’s also jammed on tour with Donna Summer and Olivia Newton-John.  This year is going to be fun. Many of the your favorites from yesteryear are back at it again this year. Here are just five of our favorite can’t-miss classic rock heroes you won’t want to miss live in the next few months. • Bruce Springsteen and the E Street Band • Dead and Company • Billy Joel with Stevie Nicks • Eagles • Journey Not enough classic rock for you? Don’t worry. Here’s our list of the 22 biggest classic rockers on tour in 2023.