The classified-documents scandal involving President Biden and the impending House probes into son Hunter’s business dealings will doom the commander in chief’s 2024 re-election bid, veteran political operative Dick Morris predicted Sunday. “That’s going to be the absolute end for Biden,” Morris, a former adviser to Democratic former President Bill Clinton, told John Catsimatidis on his WABC radio show, referring to the issues. Morris pointed out on “The Cats Roundtable” that classified documents were found at the president’s Delaware home ​dating back to when first son Hunter Biden lived there​. Morris also ​claimed that some of the sensitive materials coincided with when Hunter Biden was on the board of Burisma Holdings, a Ukrainian energy company. Hunter has been accused by critics of using his position as Biden’s son for his personal gain while on the board. The Post reported last week that Hunter listed the Wilmington home as his address after his divorce from ex-wife Kathleen Buhle in 2017, two years before he resigned from Burisma’s board. In October 2020, The Post wrote a series of exposes on Hunter Biden’s disturbing business ties to Ukrainian and Chinese businesses based on information found on a laptop he abandoned at a Delaware computer repair shop in 2019. As for the classified documents, they were first found at the Penn Biden Center think tank in Washington, DC, on Nov. 2 — days before the Nov. 8 midterm election — but the discovery wasn’t revealed until early January. More documents were discovered at the president’s home in December and earlier this month. Morris said a recent poll of Democratic presidential hopefuls shows that President Biden, 80, has just 25% of support, which he said is “near death” for an incumbent. “When Biden as president can’t get more than 25% of the primary vote in his own party, that’s near death. He’s so incredibly vulnerable,” Morris said. The poll, conducted with pollster John McLaughlin, also shows former First Lady Michelle Obama at 16% and 2016 Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton at just 5%. “You’d think he’d be at 40% or 50% at the least,” Morris said of Biden. “That means pretty much anybody that breathes on him can knock him over.” The veteran political consultant also said Biden’s classified document case differs from former President Donald Trump’s. “It’s different. Trump took them like mementos, like an ashtray. A letter from Kim Jong-un that he could show people … [Biden’s situation] is directly linked to a big bribery scandal involving the vice president and his son. That’s a whole other situation,” Morris alleged. FBI agents seized boxes of classified information during a raid on Trump’s Florida resort on Aug. 8. Hunter Biden and the Biden family are the subjects of a number of House probes now that Republicans have control of the chamber.