It takes two to tangle. An Illinois cosmetologist and hairdresser has sparked debate online by teasing her four major client annoyances, which she is calling her “icks.” “When a client comes to me with super dirty hair, no,” Emily Pytel says in the minute-long clip, which has attracted 320,000 views since it was posted to TikTok last month. “We don’t want to touch your dirty hair, but it’s also not good for your color,” she added. “Your color’s not going to take as well with dirty hair.” The post has drawn backlash from social media users who have revealed their own hairdresser icks, such as “when you do a service on us and don’t tell us there’s an extra cost for it until we get to the cash” and “when [the] stylist is running behind.” For her part, Pytel said she gets annoyed by clients who stare into her eyes as she washes their hair. “Don’t do that, it’s awkward for everybody — just close your eyes,” she advised. It’s the third ick that really bothers Pytel: tardiness. “When you show up late with a coffee in your hand, and you don’t have one for us,” she groaned. “We love coffee too, and we need the caffeine to do your hair.” Her fourth and final ick is the client turning her head to look in the mirror before the service is over. “When you’re in our chair, and we turn our chair, and then your head looks back at the mirror,” she said, sounding exasperated. “Please don’t do that because there’s a reason we’re turning your chair,” she emphasized. Hundreds of TikTokers commented on the post, with many expressing surprise over Pytel’s irritants. “I was always told to get your hair colored with dirty hair,” one user claimed. “Once, my hair was filthy, and I asked my stylist last time, and she said day-old hair is only for styling, otherwise come with it clean,” another offered. Others said the clip gave them anxiety about their next appointment. “Not gonna lie, this gave me worse anxiety/insecurities about getting my hair done,” one user admitted. “I’m always worried they’re judging me.” “This is why I color my own hair. I don’t want to get judged for doing something wrong lol,” another declared. Others have joined the ick trend on TikTok, including a Starbucks barista who listed their peeves and a group of Georgia nurses who found themselves under fire for mocking patients.