Shania Twain’s brush with death is no fiction, but there was a lot of science involved. The country music icon revealed Sunday that during a recent battle with COVID-19 and pneumonia, she had a sci-fi-like experience while being airlifted to a hospital, reported the Mirror. “It was progressively getting worse. My vital signs were getting worse … and in the end I had to be air-evacuated,” the Canadian songstress shared. “It was like science fiction, I felt like I was going to another planet or something, “It all kind of happened in slow motion,” she continued. According to the “Man! I Feel Like a Woman” singer, her husband, Frédéric Thiébaud, was frantic with worry as the couple tried to arrange for an airlift. “My husband was freaking out, to be honest,” said Twain, 57. “He was really panicking because he was the one having to pull it all together. “He spent hours and hours every day on the phone, trying to get an air evacuation coordinated, trying to get a bed lined up, as there were none, checking my vital signs. It was just a real nightmare for him,” continued Twain. Twain revealed that once her husband secured a bed, she was placed in isolation and began plasma therapy — but her condition was touch and go. “It took several days to start building up any antibodies at all, so it was a very dangerous time and very scary,” Twain remembered. “I made it through and I’m just so grateful.” The Grammy-winning artist went on to express gratitude for her husband, ruminating that the situation could have been a lot worse if she had been alone. “I thought, ‘Wow, if I was living alone in a more isolated scenario, I don’t know what would have happened.’ My heart goes out to people who don’t have that support to help them get the right care,” said Twain. Twain used her battle with COVID as inspiration for one of her latest tunes, called “Inhale/Exhale Air,” which appears on her brand-new album “Queen of Me.” “It’s a song of ­gratitude and appreciation,” said Twain. “I was inspired that I still had air in my lungs.” Twain is no stranger to beating staggering odds. In 2004, the “You’re Still the One” singer was diagnosed with Lyme disease, precipitating an almost decadelong hiatus from singing. In 2018, Twain had throat surgery in an effort to strengthen her damaged vocal cords. “It’s great to be just singing again, on a tour with my new voice after my surgery,” said Twain. “I’m in a very celebratory state of mind.” The singer’s sixth album drops on Feb. 3.