The thrilling hunt for the next James Bond may be drawing to an end soon. “Bullet Train” star Aaron Taylor-Johnson seems to have emerged as a frontrunner for the 007 role previously occupied by Daniel Craig, according to news reports. The 32-year-old “Avengers: Age of Ultron” actor has reportedly met with Bond producer Barbara Broccoli — and even had a secret audition last year, according to the Daily Mail. A source told Puck News via the Daily Mail that while the screen test went “very well,” nothing has been officially confirmed. The Post reached out to reps for Broccoli and Taylor-Johnson for comment. The “Savages” actor reportedly recently shot scenes as the spy, including the franchise’s iconic gun barrel sequence. “Aaron went for a screen test to be the next Bond in September, and producers and Barbara loved him,” a source told the Sun in November. “He is now one of the frontrunners,” the source added. “Aaron has impressed bosses so much that he has filmed one of the franchise’s famous gun barrel teaser scenes, something all the actors do.” “That move takes him a step closer to signing a deal,” the insider noted. “Bosses at the brand were really impressed with his unique blend of acting intensity and his impressive back catalogue of action films.” The Bond battle follows Craig’s last turn as the suave spy in 2021’s “No Time to Die.” The “Knives Out” actor, 54, has played the MI6 womanizer since 2006’s “Casino Royale.” Other A-listers rumored to be in the mix include Idris Elba, Tom Hardy, Henry Cavill, Richard Madden and “Bridgerton” star Regé-Jean Page. In January 2022, Broccoli and fellow Bond producer Michael G. Wilson appeared on Deadline’s “Crew Call” podcast and mulled over the idea of casting Elba. “Well, we know Idris — I’m friends with him, and he’s a magnificent actor,” Broccoli said. “You know, it’s been part of the conversation, but it’s always difficult to have the conversation when you have someone in the seat,” she added. Broccoli went on: “I think we have decided that until ‘No Time to Die’ has kind of had its run, and Daniel has been able to — well, we’ve all been able to — reap the benefits of Daniel’s wonderful tenure, we’re not gonna think about or talk about anybody else, actors to play the role or storylines or anything. We just wanna live in the moment, the present.”