The Jets once had a Hackett calling their plays. Could they bring in another? Nathaniel Hackett interviewed with the Jets on Wednesday for their offensive coordinator vacancy, according to a source. Hackett is the son of Paul Hackett, who was the Jets’ offensive coordinator under Herm Edwards from 2001-04. Hackett was most recently the head coach of the Broncos. He lasted just 15 games this season before he was fired. The Jets have cast a wide net for coordinator candidates, interviewing first-time play callers as well as experienced ones, such as Hackett. One candidate who declined the chance to interview was Dolphins quarterbacks coach Darrell Bevell, who told the Jets he was not interested, according to a source. The NFL Network also reported that Bevell turned down the Commanders’ interview request. Bevell declining the chance to interview shows the opening may be tough to fill. The Jets’ job is not overly attractive because there is a question at quarterback and the coaching staff is entering a make-or-break season. Hackett, 43, has history with Jets head coach Robert Saleh and could be a good fit. The two worked together with the Jaguars in 2015-16, when Saleh coached the linebackers and Hackett was the quarterbacks coach. Hackett became the offensive coordinator in Jacksonville under Doug Marrone from 2016-18. Hackett helped the Jaguars go to the AFC Championship game with Blake Bortles at quarterback. The Jaguars were sixth in total offense that season. He then went on to be the offensive coordinator with the Packers from 2019-21 under Matt LaFleur, who is one of Saleh’s best friends. The Packers had top 10 offenses in his final two seasons there. They were No. 1 in scoring offense in 2020. Hackett’s work in Green Bay got him the head job in Denver, but things went terribly there. Russell Wilson bombed at quarterback and Hackett had issues with game management. He was fired following a 51-14 loss to the Rams on Christmas Day, with the team at 4-11. The Jets are seeking a replacement for Mike LaFleur, who was let go after two years on the job. Other known candidates are Eagles quarterbacks coach Brian Johnson, former Colts offensive coordinator Marcus Brady, Patriots tight ends coach Nick Caley and Eagles passing game coordinator Kevin Patullo.