A Manhattan father suffered facial fractures after he was slugged by a stranger while walking in Greenwich Village Saturday afternoon in what investigators believe may be a disturbing assault pattern. The 58-year-old father of two told The Post that he passed his attacker on East 9th Street before the “lunatic” grabbed him from behind and clobbered him square in the face around 4 p.m. as he was heading to a nearby grocery store. “I glanced at him momentarily because it seemed weird that he was just standing” in a driveway, the victim, who only identified himself as Ron, said. Ron, a hospitality consultant, said he took two or three steps before the attacker yanked his jacket and spun him around. The father said the brute punched him in the right eye without any hesitation — so quickly that he didn’t have time to react. “I back pedaled when he probably hit me two or three more times, and I was yelling ‘police!’ right when we collapsed backwards,” he said. The two fell in the middle of the street, before the attacker ran off as neighbors helped Ron to his feet. “He didn’t try and steal anything, so I right away thought this is a lunatic, right? This is a crazy person because he’s not trying to rob me,” he told The Post. The NYPD confirmed Saturday’s attack and a police source said the suspect is being eyed in two other “stranger assaults” in the precinct. Ron, a native New Yorker, said safety in the city feels more unpredictable than ever. “I think it feels crazier — like just random anger,” he said. “There’s not any target; it’s not a criminal with intent, it’s someone who’s upset, you know, someone off their rocker.” His 47-year-old wife agreed — adding that the Village has become more dangerous over the past three years. “The city has changed, and specifically this area has changed dramatically when we talk about safety,” she said. Ron spent 10 hours at Mount Sinai Saturday, where he received care for two fractures to his right eye and six stitches to a split lip. His vision is still not back to normal four days later. He said he is seeing double when looking up or down. Doctors said he should expect his recovery to take at least six weeks, Ron told The Post. His assaulter remains at large. “I think if I hadn’t made eye contact with him, would he have come from me? Or was he waiting for the next person who glanced at him?” Ron wondered. “He’s picking one of the bigger people on the block to hit in the face,” Ron, who is 6’4″ and 230 lbs., said. “So it’s somebody who’s clearly got a lot of anger and he’s enraged, just looking to victimize people.” He said he has no plans to leave New York City, but will be more weary of those around him. “New York is my home — I have no choice,” he told The Post. “You do have to be self-aware.”