She’s not a regular mom, she’s a cool mom. A blond bombshell often dubbed “the most hated woman in Britain” says she’s hiring male strippers to perform at her teen daughter’s birthday party. Carla Bellucci — who last sparked outrage in 2019 after she shamelessly faked depression in order to get a nose job with taxpayer money —  made the bold claim in an essay written for The Sun on Friday. The 41-year-old revealed that the raunchy celebrations will be held on Feb. 3 and have already scandalized locals in her tiny town. “My eldest daughter Tanisha will be turning 18 and I am going to make sure it will be a day for not only her but the whole village to remember,” Bellucci boldly wrote. “She’s going to see ‘Magic Mike Live’ the week before she turns 18 so I thought, ‘Why not continue the theme?’ so I have booked three strippers to wait on her and her friends hand and foot,” she added. Bellucci says she’s already forked out more than $700 for the strippers who will serve food with only an apron covering their modesty. “It won’t bother me at all seeing Tanisha around naked waiters, we’re more like friends than mother and daughter and I’d much rather she was doing that than necking vodka in a field,” she wrote. The proud mom says guests will also be sipping on pricey bottles of Dom Perignon and has an overall budget of $12,00 for the festivities. But Bellucci hasn’t always been so generous with her children. In 2020, the mom-of-four bragged that she blew $10,000 on Botox and veneers instead of buying her kids Christmas presents. After first hitting headlines in 2019 after admitting she lied in order to get a nose job through the UK’s publicly-funded National Health Service, Bellucci became an OnlyFans model. However, she quit the site last year, claiming it had become too “tacky” for her. “When I joined there was more prestige and there were celebrities all over it and it was a little bit classier,” she told The Daily Star last August. “Now everyone seems to have an OnlyFans and there is no class or quality.” However, in her new essay for The Sun, Bellucci admitted her teen daughter would likely sign up to create content with the site after her 18th birthday next month. “Now that she’s turning 18 I know that Tanisha will be keen to set up her own OnlyFans account and rather than turn a blind eye I want to be as involved as possible,” she stated. “I am going to take the role of manager and I want a cut!” the savvy soon-to-be momager enthused. “I obviously have experience in that industry and so I can make sure she is safe and not exploited.”