Watch out: the year of Gloria is just beginning Starting in late July, four-time Grammy winner Sam Smith will take off on the U.S. leg of their international “Gloria The Tour” in support of their new album “Gloria,” set for release on Jan. 27. On the run, Smith has huge shows at Philadelphia’s Wells Fargo Arena (Aug. 2) and New York City’s Madison Square Garden (Aug. 8) penciled into his tour itinerary. They can’t wait to return stateside for his first official U.S. tour since 2018 either. “This is going to be so special, it’s been too long sailors,” they shared on Instagram. “Can’t wait to see all your gorgeous faces and celebrate the era of GLORIA together.” And if you can’t wait to hear Smith’s new music as well as classic tracks like “Stay With Me” and “Latch,” tickets can be secured as early as today. Although inventory isn’t available on Ticketmaster until Friday, Jan. 13, fans who want to ensure they have tickets ahead of time can purchase on sites like Vivid Seats before the on sale officially begins. Vivid Seats is a secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand. They have a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and tickets will be delivered before the event. Pop star Jessie Reyez will serve as Smith’s support act.  After performing all over the world, including a pair of shows at London’s O2 Arena on April 18 and April 19, Smith will finally make their way to North America on July 25 when he plays Miami’s FTX Arena. Once here, they’ll hit notable locales like Nashville’s Bridgestone Arena (July 29), Boston’s TD Garden (Aug. 5), Chicago’s United Center (Aug. 15), Portland’s Veterans Memorial Coliseum (Aug. 25) and Phoenix’s Footprint Center (Sept. 3). Smith’s sprawling run wraps up at Houston’s Toyota Center on Sept. 8. A complete “Gloria The Tour” calendar featuring all U.S. tour dates, venues, show start times and links to buy tickets can be found here.  As noted earlier, Smith is releasing their latest album “Gloria” on Jan. 27, 2023. Although not much is known about “Gloria,” its lead single, “Unholy” featuring Kim Petras, proved to be a smash in 2022. The song spent three weeks atop the Billboard Top 100 chart and was deemed the “ultimate party anthem” by Esquire, You can check out the spicy music video below. The record will be Smith’s first since 2020’s “Love Goes” which featured collaborations with Burna Boy, Demi Lovato and Calvin Harris.  Joining Smith on all but one of his tour dates is 31-year-old budding pop superstar Jessie Reyez. For those not familiar with Reyez’s music, she’s set to appear on Smith’s forthcoming album but has also made a splash of her own with mega singles “Promises,” “Figures” and “Imported.” Her 2022 record “Yessie” covers heavy topics too — “heartbreak, confidence and knowing your worth” are all major themes touched upon in the music according to Complex. Want to hear “Yessie?” You can listen to the 11-track album here.  If 2022 was the year we returned to live event normalcy, 2023 is the year that the biggest names in pop decided it was time to stage their arena and stadium tours. Don’t believe us? Check below to see just five mega stars that might be coming to a venue near you soon. • Taylor Swift • Adele • Ed Sheeran • Lizzo • SZA