A strange dating phenomenon that sees your interest in a potential partner suddenly flip is gaining momentum – as Australian men are revealed as being guilty of it too. “The ick” was once a term used only by women in the know when their attraction to a current or potential partner changes suddenly to a feeling of disgust. It happens in an instant, social media users say, and can be triggered by witnessing a major turn-off, such as a bad dance move, a grating laugh, or an unattractive eating style. However, the unpredictably off-putting act is becoming more widely known and recognized, prompting one woman to share a list of “icks” often committed by Aussie blokes. Ioana, a Canadian expat who has been in Australia for six years, revealed she is physically repulsed by a string of traits guys Down Under are known for. First up, she states she hates “grown men wearing thongs” while dining out at restaurants. Thongs is the Australian term for flip-flops or sandals. She states she doesn’t mind as much if the popular footwear is worn to the beach, but anywhere else is a huge no-no. “There’s something about grown men wearing thongs that makes me want to ‘bleugh’,” she said in a TikTok video. Ioana also said in her clip that she hates the phrase “Budgie Smugglers,” the word for Speedo-style bathing suits, though didn’t specify if she was okay with guys wearing them. She also listed men who wear RM Williams boots and who have mullets. Men were quick to defend some of their most guilty habits. “You’re lucky we even wear thongs,” one said. “You love the mullet. Don’t lie,” another added. As another declared: “Seems like you don’t like Australian.” Alongside her “icks” in Aussie men, Ioana also listed a few other gripes she has with Australia in general, though stresses her list is “just a bit of fun”. She singled out a sign on the M1 near the Gold Coast, asking why it exists before giving a vomit sound effect. She also took aim at bindiis and Cherry Ripe bars as well as wildlife. “Cockatoos and crows, they are so annoying,” she said, after describing bindiis as giving her “trust issues”. Australians weighed in on Ioana’s list, with some agreeing while others fought back. In her corner were people who said her “icks” were “fair” and reasonable. “Apart from the birds, these are all valid reasons to [vomit emoji],” one said. “The Gold Coast sign is a waste of money that our mayor put up. nobody likes it,” another added. However, some were really “mad”, stating she was “no longer welcome”. “Speaking for Australia, you’re no longer welcome if you can’t handles thongs and mullets, thankyou and good bye,” one raged. “I feel personally attacked by Americas weird cousin,” another teased. As some simply said: “Get out.”