It was a hull of a cruise. Hundreds of passengers were stranded on a Viking cruise ship off the Australian coast for a week after a potentially harmful growth was found on its hull. The Viking Orion was denied permission to dock in Adelaide due to the “biofoul,” an accumulation of microorganisms, plants, algae or small animals, the BBC reported. The Australian Fisheries Department said the 745-foot-long ship, which can carry up to 930 passengers, had to be cleaned to prevent “harmful marine organisms” from infiltrating the country. “Professional divers were engaged directly by the vessel line/agent to clean the hull while at anchor outside Australian waters,” the agency said. The Orion was also reportedly denied permission to dock at Christchurch and Dunedin in New Zealand and Hobart, Tasmania, according to the BBC. The vessel had not made a stop since it left Wellington in New Zealand on Boxing Day, according to ship tracking website VesselFinder.com. Passengers fumed that their cruise was ruined because of the four canceled stops. Kenn Heydrick said no one had been able to leave the ship since Dec. 26. “The intensity of frustration and anger is growing among passengers,” he said. “The majority of passengers are trying to make the best of things and enjoy extended time at sea. But it is the excursions at four ports that we were looking forward to, and now are greatly missed.” He slammed the company on Twitter. “A dirty & biohazard ship bottom. After 2 years of waiting, Viking disappoints. Great food but poor ship hygiene. Buyer beware,” Heydrick wrote. On Monday, he said in another tweet that the ship finally docked in Melbourne. “Sad for missing excursions. #CruiseCalamity  @VikingCruises,” Heydrick wrote. But fellow traveler Matt Roberts said the passengers were notified that they would only be allowed off the ship briefly, to be checked by immigration. The next chance for them to disembark will be on Wednesday in Sydney, according to the BBC. Roberts said the disruption was a shame “because for many travelers, this might be their last opportunity to see this part of the world.” The vessel reportedly dropped anchor about 17 miles off the coast for the hull to be cleaned. In a statement, the company admitted that a “limited amount of standard marine growth” was being cleaned after causing the Orion to “miss several stops on this itinerary.” It added: “Viking is working directly with guests on compensation for the impact to their voyage.” In a letter, the captain apologized that “the current cruise falls short of your expectations” and said passengers would be provided with an “adjusted offer of compensation” for the inconvenience. 