The New York Giants are in the playoffs for the first time in six years. It’s also been three long years since the Minnesota Vikings have made a postseason appearance. Now that their respective droughts are over, both teams will battle one another to advance to the Divisional Round of the NFL playoffs when they meet in a Wild Card matchup at Minnesota’s US Bank Stadium on Sunday, Jan. 15, at 3:40 p.m. Brian Daboll has surprisingly guided the Giants to the postseason in his first season at the helm. Quarterback Daniel Jones and running back Saquon Barkley have never played in the playoffs. On the other side of the gridiron, veteran Kirk Cousins will lead Justin Jefferson, Dalvin Cook and Adam Thielen in a game that would bring hometown glory to Minnesota. The team hasn’t won a postseason game since Jan. 5, 2020. Clearly, there is a lot on the line. Still, with the stakes so high, ticket prices are somewhat reasonable. In fact, we found some tickets going for as low as $107 before fees. For those hoping for a more premium experience, lower-level seats start at $209 before fees. All prices are subject to fluctuation.  The Giants weren’t supposed to be here. They’re a young squad helmed by a rookie skipper in Brian Daboll, yet the team has defied all expectations and is ready to continue doing so. If you want to catch up on their whirlwind of a year before their biggest game yet, you can by reading all of the NY Post’s team coverage here.  In the last matchup between the Vikings and Giants, Minnesota narrowly defeated New York, 27-24. Placekicker Greg Joseph nailed a 61-yard field goal to secure the victory. Hoping to read more about what went down in Minnesota on Dec. 24? You can in the NY Post’s “Heroes, zeros from Giants’ loss to Vikings” story that breaks down the matchup.  Obviously, we’re not all headed to Minnesota for this huge game. If you’re planning on watching on TV, the game will air on Fox on Sunday, Jan. 15 at 3:40 p.m. EST. Kevin Burkhardt and Greg Olsen will provide play-by-play from the booth with Erin Andrews on the sidelines. Not a TV person? Not a problem. You can also stream the game on NFL+.  Outside of the NFL, what else is there? Well, live music. And this year, some of the biggest artists of all time are out on the road. Here are just five of our favorite can’t-miss stars you’ll have to see when they come to a city near you. • Bruce Springsteen and the E Street Band • Metallica • Morgan Wallen • Red Hot Chili Peppers • Dead and Company with John Mayer