Some critical thinking from a young investigator left a Rhode Island police station in hysterics — after she sent in some evidence determined to get to the bottom of a Christmas mystery. There’s a lot of magic surrounding Dec. 25, but one little girl from Cumberland wasn’t thinking about gifts. Instead, the young detective wanted to get to the bottom of an age-old question: Who really is Santa Claus? So, the inquisitive girl bagged up carrots and cookies she’d left out for Santa and his reindeer and sent the DNA evidence to the Cumberland Police Department to be tested. The unnamed youngster detailed her unusual Yuletide request in a letter sent to local authorities, asking for a DNA analysis on the half-eaten cookies and carrots from Dec. 25. “Dear Cumberland Police Department,” the tiny P.I. wrote in her note. “I took a sample of a cookie and carrots that I left out for Santa and the reindeer on Christmas Eve and was wondering if you could take a sample of DNA and see if Santa is real?” Cops posted the young sleuth’s letter on Facebook Friday in a “press release for immediate release” regarding the “special investigation into the confirmation of Santa Claus.” “This young lady obviously has a keen sense for truth and the investigative process and did a tremendous job packaging her evidence for submission,” Cumberland Police Chief Matthew J. Benson said in the statement shared Jan. 20. “We will do our very best to provide answers for her.” Benson said his Investigative Division immediately started looking into the matter, forwarding her evidence to Rhode Island’s Department of Health-Forensic Sciences Unit for analysis, adding they are still awaiting the results. The post has been shared over 700 times and got thousands of likes, with impressed locals loving the adorable response from the police. “I just love this,” one woman wrote. “Please keep us informed and Thank you so much for keeping the magic alive.” “This is seriously the best thing I’ve ever seen,” agreed another. “I’m sure you’ll get to the bottom of this investigation.” However, the Cumberland Police Department has already begun sharing its findings to support Saint Nick’s existence with the tiny private eye. “While the Cumberland Police Department awaits the testing results, the department has been in contact with this future-CPD Detective and provided her with some already uncovered evidence in support of Santa Claus’ presence in her neighborhood the night of December 24th, 2022,” they wrote along with evidence photos. “More information to follow in the coming weeks,” the police department said. “Stay tuned.”