After a jam-packed final day of the NFL regular season, the postseason field is finally set in stone. But there’s still plenty of uncertainty swirling ahead of next weekend’s Wild Card round. In the AFC, Ravens quarterback Lamar Jackson (knee) and Dolphins quarterback Tua Tagovailoa (concussion) are iffy to play in their teams’ playoff openers – and even if they do, it’s not guaranteed that they’re at 100% after missing a combined nine games during the regular season. It’s also anyone’s guess what we’ll see on the NFC side from the enigmatic Cowboys, Buccaneers, Vikings, and Giants, with two of those teams guaranteed to advance to the divisional round. Ohio sports betting is live – Check out the best Ohio betting sites & apps We’ve already seen some early movement on the betting lines for these six games, and we’re sure to see more over the next few days. Here are the latest Wild Card Weekend odds as of Monday evening at BetMGM, along with three bets we’re targeting early in the week: Early action has already come in on the Jaguars, moving this line from +2.5 at open to just +1 as of Monday night. I’d be buying them all the way to pick ’em, as this feels like a true coin-flip affair between two teams with similar profiles. In fact, if you’re just looking at the last 18 weeks’ worth of data, Jacksonville grades out as the better team per DVOA, net yards per play, scoring differential, and just about any stat you can throw out there. Let’s not forget that the Jaguars lambasted the Chargers in a 38-10 road win in Week 3, only to lose five straight after that. Jacksonville is hot again after winning five in a row, and it’ll have a whole week of rest after playing last Saturday. Conversely, the Bolts are limping into this Saturday night’s contest after Week 18 injuries to Mike Williams, Joey Bosa, and Kenneth Murray – to say nothing of the myriad injuries to other vital starters throughout the year. Short rest for the hobbled Chargers makes this spot all the more appealing for the undervalued hosts. Are we sure Tagovailoa won’t be on the field on Sunday? The betting market sure seems to think not, as the line keeps moving in Buffalo’s favor despite these teams splitting their season series in two nail-biters. If either Tagovailoa or backup Teddy Bridgewater (finger) can suit up this weekend, this feels like one heck of a price on a team that, for most of the season, looked like one of the best in the league. And even as the offense fell apart late in the year, the defense made one final statement in Sunday’s 11-6 win over the Jets to give bettors pause before fading that unit entirely. If everything breaks against you and Skylar Thompson makes his second straight start, then you’re stuck holding a ticket on a double-digit underdog (plus the hook) that suffered just three double-digit losses all year long. That’s a risk I’m willing to take with immense upside should health permit. I know, I know: it’s in vogue to trash the Vikings, who finished with a stellar 13-4 record despite posting a negative point differential during the regular season. Do you know who else was outscored across the last 18 weeks? The Giants, whom oddsmakers are pricing as equals here despite them losing this very matchup in Minnesota just three weeks ago. I’m just not sold on New York deserving this much respect in Daniel Jones’ first-ever playoff game in a hostile environment. We’ve seen flashes of elite play from these Vikings, who are still the only team to win in Buffalo and have arguably the best skill-position player in football in Justin Jefferson. They also boast a (slightly) better defense than the G-Men by most metrics, making it tough for me to justify this price on the underdogs.