She’s a woman of questionable taste. Jamie Lee Curtis is being slammed on Twitter after sharing a photo of her office that’s been decorated with a picture of a seemingly nude child in a box. The 64-year-old “Halloween” star — who contracted COVID-19 after attending the Golden Globes — posted the photo on Instagram (now deleted) and Facebook, which focused on the “beautiful Pollack chairs” in the center of the image. “Ok. This is a weird post. But I have Covid, so f–k it. During one of the SAG nomination panels for @everythingeverywheremovie I told the story of how I ended up with my office furnished with my beautiful Pollack chairs from that movie,” wrote the “Freaky Friday” star. However, many people’s attention was drawn to the weird piece of art hanging just above the chairs. DC attorney and right-wing activist Rogan O’Handley took shots at Curtis in a tweet, now with over 3 million views. “5 days ago Hollywood has-been Jamie Lee Curtis posted a vaccine ad for Pfizer on Instagram. 3 days ago she posted an extremely disturbing picture she has in her home of a child stuffed in a suitcase. We have serious questions,” O’Handley wrote, in a retweet of another right-wing influencer. “Hollyweird strikes again,” slammed Illinois politician Jack Lombardi II, who ran for — and lost — the US House in 2022. “What the actual f- -k,” added another former House candidate, Scott Stephenson, from Washington state. A conservative radio host went so far as to compare the actor to the late convicted pedophile Jeffery Epstein, who was also found to possess explicit art. “Why does Jamie Lee Curtis have a picture of a naked child stuffed inside a suitcase on her wall,” said broadcaster Stew Peters. “Strong Epstein vibes.” The image in question was snapped by photographer Betsy Schneider — who, notably, was a former assistant to famed photog Sally Mann. The Post has asked Curtis for comment. The “Everything Everywhere All at Once” star said she wanted to share a picture of her office with the public — in the interest of transparency, seemingly, though it’s not entirely clear from the caption. Curtis attempted to add context: “I mentioned if people followed me, that was not a cheap trick to try to get people to boost my numbers, but I couldn’t figure out how else to get the picture out into the world, that I would post a picture of them on my IG in my offices for @comet.pictures.” “I am a truth-teller so here you go.”