A high-profile perjury trial against a former NYPD detective was sensationally thrown out Tuesday after the Manhattan District Attorney’s Office failed to share evidence with the defense lawyers. The case against Joseph Franco, who was accused of framing innocent people by lying about seeing drug deals go down, was abruptly dismissed and sealed by the judge – just two weeks after the trial got underway. Among the evidence withheld by prosecutors was cellphone records from people who were arrested after Franco – a 20-year NYPD veteran — identified them as drug dealers, the ex-cop’s attorney, Howard Tanner, told The Post. Surveillance footage, police memos and communications from prosecutors also weren’t shared with the defense throughout the proceedings, Tanner said. A spokesperson for DA Alvin Bragg confirmed that the evidence in question had “violated our discovery requirements.” The assistant district attorney who was leading the case, Stephanie Minogue, was removed from her role as the Deputy Chief of the Police Accountability Unit, the spokesperson said. The dismissal of the charges against Franco – who widely became a symbol of police misconduct in the Big Apple — is a major blow to the DA’s office. Franco, who was facing charges of perjury and official misconduct, was on trial after allegedly falsely claiming he saw drug deals go down in three separate cases in 2017 and 2018, claims which led to criminal convictions. His indictment in 2019 has led to dozens of other cases being tossed in Brooklyn, Manhattan and the Bronx that relied on him to get a conviction. Franco’s attorney said the ex-cop was “relieved at the outcome.” “The dismissal of all charges against Joe due to the DA’s repeated withholding and destruction of evidence, misrepresentations on the record and other ethical violations,” Tanner said in an email. “But how does he get his reputation back? A decorated police officer who honorably served this city for 20 years, he never did anything wrong,” he added. The NYPD fired Franco in 2020 after he was found guilty of lying during an administrative trial, which has a lower threshold of guilt. “New Yorkers must know that law enforcement, including prosecutors, are acting with the utmost integrity. We hold ourselves accountable to that standard,” the spokesperson for the DA’s Office said in a statement. “The Assistant District Attorney handling the prosecution has been removed from her post as Deputy Unit Chief. The General Counsel’s Office will also conduct a root-cause analysis,” the statement said. “The Post-Conviction Justice Unit will continue its ongoing review of cases affected by former Detective Franco’s misconduct, which has thus far resulted in the vacatur of more than 100 Manhattan convictions.”