Watch out, Ines de Ramona — Martha Stewart is here to steal your man. During an interview with Entertainment Tonight this week, Stewart, 81, gushed over her celeb crush, Brad Pitt, when asked about it during a game of “Sip and Spill” at her Las Vegas restaurant. “I was asked this question last week, it was Brad Pitt because I was looking at pictures of him on Instagram and he looks so great,” Stewart said. “I think he’s aging beautifully. Sorry, Brad, you’re still young but you are getting older.” And, when asked during the game if she’d like to have him on her podcast one day, she was thrilled by the idea, pointing out that the two of them have a lot more in common than meets the eye. “OK, that would be good. I would love that,” she said. “You know, he loves architecture and stuff. I could talk to him about a lot of things. He likes wine too.” Stewart has not been shy about her publicizing her interest in the 59-year-old. During a November 2022 appearance on “The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon,” she admitted that every time she looks at Pitt’s photos on Instagram, she “melts.” While Pitt doesn’t have an official Instagram page, Stewart admitted that she drools over the fan page accounts made for him on the social media app. “They’re fan pages, I guess, I don’t know. But whatever it is, he looks better and better as the years go by,” she said at the time. “I just sort of melt when I look at those pictures. I mean, he is so cute!” Since Pitt’s divorce from actress Angelina Jolie in 2019, he has been linked to Emily Ratajkowski, Nicole Poturalski, and Neri Oxman, according to People. He is currently dating jewelry designer Ines de Ramon, 32. The two were seen on vacation together in Mexico earlier this month, according to Us Weekly. Stewart was married to publisher Andrew Stewart from 1961-1990. During a 2021 appearance on “Watch What Happens Live with Andy Cohen,” Stewart was asked if she had a boyfriend by the “Real Housewives” executive producer. “No,” she said, before clarifying, “I shouldn’t say no. I mean yes, but I’m not going to tell you.”   