She learned the hard way that her hubby is a cheater — and a phoney! As her husband lay unconscious in a hospital bed, clinging to life after narrowly surviving a terrible car crash in January 2022, mom of two Kate Sifuentes sat weeping at his bedside, feeling overcome with guilt. She feared he’d attempted to respond to her text messages while at the wheel, causing him to crash. So she checked his phone — and uncovered a slew of texts, dating app profiles and social media direct messages proving that he’d been cheating on her with many other women. Then, after spending months nursing the guy back to health — helping him relearn how to walk, talk, eat and use his phone — she found out that he’d been using his reacquired motor skills to cheat on her again. “I was the one who freaking taught him how to use his phone, just for him to start talking to females again,” Sifuentes, 24, from North Carolina, barks in her now-viral TikTok tell-all. In the video, which has garnered over 1.1 million views, the petite brunette explains that when her unnamed husband, who she said regularly traveled for work, failed to answer her calls on that fateful day last January, she began to worry for his safety. And her then-worst fears were eventually confirmed when a highway patrol officer called to inform her of the crash. “All we know is that your husband was in a car accident, he’s alive and being airlifted to the hospital,” she recalls the cop telling her. After rushing to his bedside, where doctors told her he’d sustained a severe traumatic brain injury and had suffered “many, many strokes,” Sifuentes decided to check her husband’s phone activity — a task she claims to have “never done before.” “Immediately pops up a conversation with another female on a different Snapchat account and under a different name. A Snapchat I’d never seen before,” she reveals in the video. “So, I keep looking … and there was all these women all over,” Sifuentes continues. “He was on so many dating sites under [a different] name.” Once her husband regained consciousness after 30 days, she immediately confronted him about his apparent infidelity. According to Sifuentes, although he could barely talk and had failed to recognize himself in the hospital mirror, her hubby begrudgingly admitted to the affairs. “He said he was sorry, and said all the s- -t that guys say to get you back,” she groans, “so I stayed a few more months.” In a subsequent post, Sifuentes explains that her husband was ultimately transferred out of the hospital and into an intensive therapy rehabilitation center for extended care. While there, Sifuentes agreed to undergo marriage counseling through the facility because “I wanted to say that I fought for my marriage and I tried to make my marriage work,” she says. But, much to her displeasure, the scorned woman says her husband “lied through the whole thing.” “He was talking to all these women,” she says, noting that she’d begun routinely checking his phone. “He didn’t even try to hide it anymore.” “So at that point, I was like, ‘I’m done.’” She confessed that she did allow the cheater to return to their home for a few months until his mother was able to relocate and move in with him in a separate apartment. “I gave him back to his mama,” she bragged with a laugh. “We’ll be filing [for divorce] soon,” the soon-to-be singleton added. “But, he wants to take me to court because he wants everything we’ve ever owned.” She ended the follow-up clip vowing to never remarry, saying: “The cost of a freaking divorce lawyer [is] insane.” Astounded TikTok watchers weighed in with their thoughts on woefully wedded sorrows. “Almost lost his life but did not lose the AUDACITY smh. He did not deserve you,” encouraged one digital cheerleader. “They don’t change. I hope you have been able to heal and move on. You deserve so much better than that,” another advocated. Others shared their eerily similar marital messes. “Omg, our stories are soooo similar! Prayers and proud of you! I stayed for 2 years after his wreck and [traumatic brain injury],” penned one divorcée. “I have almost the exact same story … my ex had a stroke and I also found out he was having an affair while having a procedure … stayed together 6 months,” said another. “My now ex took another female on a cruise with him, while our twins were in the NICU at two weeks old,” added a separate woman. “He regrets nothing. They won’t ever change!”