Two men accused of witnessing the alleged rape of Louisiana State University student Madison Brooks shortly before her death were bonded out of jail Tuesday, as officials revealed she died from “multiple traumatic injuries.” Everett Lee, 28, and Casen Carver, 18, have been released from jail. Both men are charged with principle to third-degree rape, meaning they were present but did not participate in the alleged rape of Brooks on Jan. 15. The men appeared before 19th Judicial District Judge Brad Myers to determine their pre-trial bond amounts, WAFB reported. Carver was released on a $50,000 bond and Lee on a $75,000 bond. Lee’s nephew, Kaivon Washington, 18, had his bond set to $150,000 and remains in jail on third-degree rape charges. An unidentified 17-year-old who was also charged with allegedly raping Brooks is being held in a juvenile detention center with his pre-trial bond hearing expected to be held in February. Brooks, a 19-year-old sophomore was allegedly raped in the backseat of a car by Washington and the 17-year-old after the group left Reggie’s bar in East Baton Rouge sometime between 1 and 2 a.m. After the alleged assault, the group of men dropped Brooks off at a nearby subdivision when she indicated she was going to call an Uber. She was soon after struck by a rideshare vehicle on Burbank Drive near Pelican Lakes Parkway around 3 a.m. The East Baton Rouge Parish Coroner’s Office told Fox News Brooks’ cause of death was “multiple traumatic injuries 2nd motor vehicle collision vs. pedestrian,” meaning she later died at the hospital. The manner of death is still pending further investigation, and no other information is being shared at this time, the coroner’s office said. Investigators said Brooks had a blood-alcohol content of 0.319%, nearly four times the legal limit. The rideshare driver is not being charged, according to a spokesperson for the East Baton Rouge Sheriff’s Office, who said the driver was not impaired and reported the accident immediately. Friends have erected a memorial for Brooks along the highway where she was killed, and her Alpha Phi sorority sisters remembered her as a “bubbly, loving and selfless friend.” “She left an incredible mark on our chapter, we cherish our memories together and we will never forget her. Our forever friend was also a hero. Madi donated her heart and kidneys to save others,” the sorority said on Instagram Monday. In a statement, LSU president William Tate said: “Madison was a daughter, a granddaughter, a sister, a niece, a classmate, and a friend to many of you. By all accounts, she was an amazing young woman with limitless potential. She should not have been taken from us in this way. What happened to her was evil, and our legal system will parcel out justice.” “Our collective grief and outrage cannot be put into mere words. So what can we do? It is time for action. One place to target our attention is the very place where this encounter began,” Tate wrote.