They found love in a corporate place. A Tennessee couple has revealed they fell for each other while working at Walmart — despite the fact they were both married to other people. Brad Downs, 56, and his now-wife Chelsea, 34, met at one of the discount department stores in 2012 and were instantly “drawn to each other” in spite of their 21-year age gap. “I was working in Walmart at the hair salon and Brad was the store manager,” Chelsea told South West News Service in an interview Tuesday. “I had a problem with ants in the salon and had to get Brad to sort it out for me. “The second we met we were inseparable — it wasn’t love at first sight, but the connection was undeniable, even though I thought he was a big, cocky jerk,” she further recalled. The pair quickly embarked on a tawdry affair before they were busted by one of Chelsea’s family members, who had tailed them to a tryst. “We would go and meet at a park close to Walmart, but our town is so small, and we were caught,” Chelsea admitted. “I had no choice but to tell my husband — it wasn’t well received.” At the time, Chelsea had a 2-year-old daughter and had been married to her husband since she was 19 years old. Although she felt “terrible” that she had betrayed her spouse, the Walmart worker said she also felt some “relief” that her unhappy marriage was over. “I lost myself and I didn’t have any fire, passion or drive,” she recalled of her ill-fated union. Chelsea said many small-minded locals chastised her for the affair and started to troll her on anonymous forum sites. “People said terrible things — that I was a homewrecker, a hoe and should lose my daughter,” the blonde said. “It took a toll on my mental health.” Despite the disapproval of the community, Chelsea fell deeper in love with Brad. Two years later, the Walmart workers welcomed their son, Carson. They eventually tied the knot in 2017 and have lived happily together ever since. The pair even proclaimed that, prior to their marriage, they “recommitted their lives to God and practiced celibacy until they were wed.” But in addition to the infidelity, the couple’s large age gap raised eyebrows. Brad’s own daughter, Jessica, is just two years younger than Chelsea and it took her some time to accept her dad’s unconventional new relationship. Now, however, she is a huge supporter, with Chelsea cheering: “Jessica is like one of my best friends — it’s like we grew up together.” Meanwhile, Brad and Chelsea’s son is now 8 years old and is often mistaken for being Brad’s grandson. “People will say to Brad, ‘Is this your daughter and your grandson?’ but once people get to know us, they understand it’s not a big deal at all,” Chelsea explained. Brad was also interviewed by South West News Service and spoke lovingly of his co-worker-turned-wife. “Chelsea brings life to life,” he cooed. “She puts love, relationship and family at the forefront of her everyday life. And she lets me know that she loves me hard. “Both of us have learned from the mistakes we made in the past and use those lessons to apply to our lives now, in order to enhance our current lives, and not allow the same mistakes to be repeated,” he added. The pair didn’t disclose whether they still work together at Walmart, but feel blessed that they met there a decade ago. “It took years for me to be OK with myself. I have forgiven myself and we have asked for forgiveness from our ex-spouses and from God,” Chelsea stated. “It was an unconventional way to start a relationship and a family, but it worked. “It sounds so cliche, but you should follow your heart, it knows exactly what you want,” she added. “Don’t be afraid to see where life takes you.”