It doesn’t matter if you’re a fan of rock, hip-hop or EDM. Bonnaroo’s expansive 2023 lineup has got you covered. From June 15-18, eclectic headliners like Rock and Roll Hall of Famers Foo Fighters, Pulitzer Prize-winner Kendrick Lamar, electro icon Odesza, hitmaker Sheryl Crow and post-punk heroes Paramore will grace the main stages at the Bonnaroo Manchester Farm in Manchester, TN. But wait! There’s more! Other mega stars on the jaw-dropping bill with over 100 artists include My Morning Jacket, Lil Nas X, Korn, Marcus Mumford and Pixies. Plus, a group called Diarrhea Planet. Yes, that’s a real band. To be honest, at this point, we’re already counting down the days until June 15. And if you want to snag passes as early as today, you can. Although inventory isn’t available until the on sale begins on Thursday, Jan. 12, fans who want to ensure they have tickets ahead of time can purchase on sites like Vivid Seats before passes are officially on sale. Vivid Seats is a secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand. They have a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and will be delivered before the event.  Our team honestly feels a little bad for folks that make their way out to Manchester for this year’s Bonnaroo. Festival-goers are going to have to make some difficult decisions when it comes to who they decide to see Thursday through Sunday. Just a few more of those acts include Zeds Dead, Liquid Stranger, 070 Shake, Big Freedia and Ezra Furman on Thursday. Portugal. The Man, Three 6 Mafia, Fleet Foxes, AFI and Sampa The Great are just a few Friday biggies. We’re excited to see Louis The Child, SOFI TUKKER, Jenny Lewis, Bob Moses and Thee Sacred Souls on Saturday. Finally, The Revivalists, Alesso, Umphrey’s McGee, Franz Ferdinand and Girl In Red are scheduled to help bring Bonnaroo home on Sunday. Want more? The complete Bonnaroo 2023 festival lineup can be seen below.  The holiday season may be over but all of the major festival announcements that come in early January feel like Christmas 2.0. Here are just five outdoor festivals and three of their biggest headliners to keep an eye out for in the next few months.