MIAMI — Kyrie Irving is one of the game’s best, but he knows he can get even better. And that improvement isn’t about controlling the game, but himself. The Nets star’s shot hasn’t been falling the past few games, and he admits last season he would’ve gotten emotional and in his own head amid those struggles. Instead, what he got into Friday was a different gear, scoring seven of his 19 points in the final 1:12 of Brooklyn’s come-from-behind win at New Orleans. “You saw a few ins and outs for me in that fourth quarter,” Irving said. “A year ago — and I could admit this about myself — I probably would’ve been pissed, would’ve been too out of it just not making enough shots for us to get over the hump. Our growth as a team, it’s just seeing some of our leaders on the team including myself, just be poised. It’s making a big difference.” Irving’s Nets (26-13) come into Sunday’s game at Miami with the NBA’s second-best mark, and he’s a seven-time All-Star well on his way to an eighth. His growth isn’t about improving his handle but his headspace, not about his ability but his mentality. “Basketball is a very simple art form, so if I don’t bring all my extra distractions or anything that I’m going through mentally into the game, then I feel like we have a great chance of winning every game,” Irving said. “That’s something I’ve taken responsibility for on my own end, just to positively reinforce that we can win games no matter what’s going on. “Just being mentally prepared, using a lot of sessions in the summer of challenging myself to be ready for these moments where I don’t have to be swayed emotionally, I’m in control of my emotions, in control of my thoughts. … Because the ball isn’t going in the rim for me, I don’t want to use that as opportunity for me to be selfish and get in my emotions. It’s about the team.” Of course, many would say some of those distractions are self-inflicted, from last season’s anti-vaccination drama to November’s suspension for promoting an anti-Semitic film. But when Irving has been on the court this season, he’s shown not only leadership but single-minded focus coming into the Heat tilt. “He just has a way of embracing that moment, no matter what happened previously,” coach Jacque Vaughn said. “He has an unbelievable ability to erase what happened before and be in the moment, and take full advantage of that moment and shine.” That’s no accident. Irving said it’s an area of growth he’s put work into. “Absolutely. Very intentional about the way I train my mind and my body,” Irving said. “When you hear tons of BS in the crowd, or you’re not shooting well over the last two or three games, it’s easy to throw yourself off mentally. “When it’s not going, still got to lead by example on playing both ends of the floor at a high level and not getting into your own body and feelings. It’s easy to do that. [I’m a] big power player out there, so responsible for what I can control.” Irving has shot just 17-for-46 in his past two games, 4-of-18 from deep, but with the Nets clinging to a 101-98 edge with 1:12 left Friday, he scored their final seven points to beat the Pelicans. Irving ranks 15th in the league in scoring (25.9) as of Saturday, and he led the NBA in fourth-quarter production (8.9). “He approaches it like it’s a minute into the game, that’s how calm and relaxed he is,” Kevin Durant said. “Even though the stakes are different … he’s the same regardless of what the time is of the clock. He plays that way. Calm and cool and under control [in] pressure-type moments. It feels like it’s just a walk in the park for him.”