Randy Gonzalez, the father in the popular TikTok duo Enkyboys, has died aged 35, according to reports. Gonzalez, who rose to fame posting funny lip-syncing videos on the platform, lost his battle with stage 4 colon cancer on Wednesday while in hospice care, TMZ reports. Gonzalez, who along with his son Brice racked up over 15.5 million TikTok followers, revealed his diagnosis on the platform in April 2022, six months after coming to terms with it. At the time, Gonzalez told fans he was given two to three years to live — but noted that with the right treatment as well as chemotherapy, his life could be extended by an additional five years. He later created a GoFundMe to help pay for his treatments, which soon raised over $200,000. “This fundraiser is to help me to pay for my treatment at MD Anderson and to bring awareness for Colon Cancer to all young men who are not familiar with it,” he wrote at the time. “For all who may not know it runs in their family or for those who may have mutated it like myself!” Last month, the father of three told his followers that he was “doing good” however his chemotherapy plan at the time was “not working.” “I do feel good,” he said while standing next to his wife and their six-year-old son, Brice. “I’m just happy we’re back in Texas with the family.” In a November video, Gonzalez said having to go through treatment was “horrible.” “Cancer sucks. It sucks the life out of you and makes you feel like you have nothing to live for but in reality, you do…You have to be strong to fight cancer and beat it,” he said. “I want to be a testimony of this in another year or so when I’m still alive.” Brice recently landed the role of Chance on the hit NBC sitcom “Lopez vs. Lopez” starring George Lopez, which premiered in November. “My sincerest condolences to Brice and the entire Gonzalez family,” Lopez said on Instagram. “The love and the bond Randy had for his son and his family was undeniable, you can see it in every video. He will be missed, but never forgotten. My heart goes out to the entire family. He is survived by his wife, Kimberly, son Brice, and daughters Lauran and Aubree.