Accused killer Bryan Kohberger cleaned his infamous white Hyundai Elantra meticulously after the University of Idaho murders — and was seen wearing surgical gloves several times before finally being collared, according to a law enforcement source. The quadruple murder suspect “cleaned his car, inside and outside, not missing an inch,” the source, who was briefed on observations made by investigators in the lead-up to Kohberger’s arrest, told CNN on condition of anonymity. Kohberger, 28, also was seen wearing gloves multiple times outside his parents’ home in Albrightsville, Pennsylvania, before he was arrested there on Dec. 30, the source told the network. The PhD student — who had been under surveillance for four days — at one point was observed leaving the house about 4 a.m. and putting bags in the neighbors’ garbage bins, the source added. On Dec. 27, agents recovered items from the Kohbergers’ garbage bins and the bags they saw him put into the neighbors’ bins — and the contents were sent to the Idaho Crime Lab. The next day, a DNA analysis showed a match between the family’s garbage and the knife sheath found at the scene of the crime. Authorities then asked a judge to issue an arrest warrant for Kohberger. The source said a Pennsylvania State Police SWAT team carried out a “dynamic entry” on Dec. 30 by breaking down the door and windows. Kohberger, a PhD student in criminal justice at Washington State University, faces first-degree murder charges and one count of burglary in the deaths of Kaylee Goncalves, 21, Madison Mogen, 21, Xana Kernodle, 20, and Ethan Chapin, 20. The four University of Idaho students were found stabbed to death on Nov. 13 in their off-campus home in Moscow, Idaho. Kohberger made his initial court appearance in Idaho on Thursday after he was booked into the Latah County Jail following his extradition from Pennsylvania. Authorities have released the 19-page probable cause affidavit that convinced a judge to issue his arrest warrant. The document shed light of the seven-week probe by Moscow, Idaho, police and FBI that many believed to be going cold before Kohberger was arrested.