A Brooklyn lawyer says he was barred from entering a Rangers game at Madison Square after being flagged by facial recognition technology — the same system the firm used to boot at least two other attorneys from its venues. Benjamin Pinczewski, a 61-year-old personal injury and civil rights lawyer, had just passed through a metal detector at the arena and was headed to plum lower-level seats with friends on Jan. 10 when he was stopped by two officials and kicked out, he told The Post. “It was a slap in the face,” he said. “I’m at the main entrance with thousands of people — and they’re looking at me like I’m some sort of terrorist or criminal.” The guards informed him he’d been “denied entry” due to the policy implemented by MSG CEO James Dolan banning all lawyers involved in active lawsuits against the firm. “It’s simply for harassment for the purposes of putting a chilling effect on anyone who wants to sue [them],” he said.  “I’m pissed, pardon my language.” Pinczewski called the policy “petty and ridiculous” and said he was stunned that his likeness was used without his permission, according to the West Side Spirit, which first reported the incident. He said he’s not directly working on the lawsuit against MSG but simply has a job at the firm that filed it, Elefterakis, Elefterakis & Panek. Pinczewski’s removal comes after a New Jersey attorney was booted from a Rockettes show at Radio City, which is also among Dolan’s empire along with the Knicks, Rangers and various restaurants. A Long Island attorney was also flagged and booted from a Knicks game at MSG on Nov. 5. “I want to shine a light on this,” Pinczewski said — vowing he’d never go to another Rangers game again. “I want them to stop this.” Madison Square Garden Entertainment defended its policy Friday, sending The Post the same stock statement it has distributed for weeks following the facial recognition controversy. “MSG instituted a straightforward policy that precludes attorneys from firms pursuing active litigation against the Company from attending events at our venues until that litigation has been resolved,” the statement said. “While we understand this policy is disappointing to some, we cannot ignore the fact that litigation creates an inherently adversarial environment. All impacted attorneys were notified of the policy. We continue to make clear that impacted attorneys will be welcomed back to our venues upon resolution of the litigation.” A spokesman didn’t respond to The Post’s inquiry about whether MSG plans to continue using the facial recognition system, which lawyers have lambasted as a privacy invasion.