Newly reviewed video in the University of Idaho murder case could support investigators’ belief that the murder suspect returned to the crime scene in his white sedan soon after he allegedly killed four students. Bryan Kohberger’s phone pinged in the area of the students’ Moscow home around 9 a.m. on Nov. 13, just five hours after he allegedly broke into the off-campus house and stabbed the students to death, according to the probable cause affidavit. Freshly inspected news footage taken near the home in the afternoon and the following day shows a white car driving by. Kohberger, 28, drove a white Hyundai Elantra — which became a key clue in the investigation and seven-week search for a suspect. A white Hyundai Elantra believed to have been driven by the criminology student was seen driving by the students’ home at least four times on the morning of the murders, between 3:29 a.m. and 4:04 a.m., according to footage obtained by police. Around 4:20 a.m., the same car was captured on video speeding away from the area, according to the affidavit. The vehicle’s pattern matched the estimated time of the murders and it was later connected to Kohberger, a PhD student studying criminology at nearby Washington State University Pullman. Footage from the university showed a white Elantra leaving the campus in the direction of Moscow, Idaho just before 3 a.m. on the night of the murders. The Elantra returned to campus at around 5:25 a.m. the same morning. Kohberger was pulled over for a traffic violation in a white Hyundai Elantra registered in his name last month during a cross-country drive with his father to Pennsylvania. News reports from Fox News and ABC 7 near the murder scene captured a white car passing by in the background as their journalists updated the public on the developing case. The Fox sighting came after police began investigating following the 911 call, which came in around noon and the ABC 7 sighting happened a day later.  It’s unclear what the make and model of the car is from the news footage. Cellphone data previously put Kohberger in the area around 9 a.m. — before the stabbings were reported. The data also revealed an alarming trend showing the accused killer had been in the area of the students’ home at least a dozen times before the massacre — mostly at odd hours. “All of these occasions, except for one, occurred in the late evening and early morning hours of their respective days,” the affidavit states. Kohberger was charged with four counts of murder and one count of burglary for the stabbing deaths of Ethan Chapin, 20; Xana Kernodle, 20; Madison Mogen, 21; and Kaylee Goncalves, 21. He was arrested on Dec. 30 during a raid on his family’s home in Pennsylvania, where the white Hyundai Elantra was also recovered.