Prince Harry has left audiobook listeners cringing after listening to details of a TMI story about him applying cream “down there” — and how it reminded him of his late mother. A clip from his explosive memoir “Spare” is making the rounds on social media, leaving people horrified. Harry, 38, recalled applying Elizabeth Arden cream to help his frostbitten penis that was “oscillating between extremely sensitive and borderline traumatized” in 2011 from a North Pole trip. After a friend recommended the cream as a home remedy, the royal remembered that Princess Diana had used the same cream for her lips. “My mum used that on her lips. You want me to put that on my todger?” he questioned. After some reassurance from his friend, he decided to go through with it. “I found the tube and the minute that I opened it, the smell transported me through time,” he says in the book. “It felt as if my mother was right there in the room, and I took a smidge and applied it down there.” The Duke of Sussex can be heard making a brief pause before saying “down there” in a slightly deeper voice. Shocked listeners couldn’t believe what they were hearing. “PS NO mother wants to be ‘right there in the room’ upon the application of 8 hour cream ahem ‘down there,'” someone tweeted. “This just ruined my day,” one person said. “The pause before ‘down there,'” actor Adam Busch responded. “The spirit of Princess Di showed up when she was needed most,” someone quipped. “I’ve never wanted to be Elizabeth Arden cream so badly in all my life,” another said. “Ok but when is the movie adaptation of this chapter only,” one person tweeted. “WTF DID I JUST HEAR. MY PEEN AND MY MOTHERS LIPS IN THE SAME SENTENCE. BRO I AM SENT,” a disturbed listener said. “Diana I am so sorry Charles raised them like this girl,” another joked. “… we don’t have to share *everything* we experience,” someone said. “Poor guy hasn’t been able to speak his truth since he was born and now he’s just unleashing it all but bb boy … I promise you some things are ok to keep to yourself,” another person tweeted. “All I can hear is Elizabeth Hard-on cream,” one pointed out. “Freud just burst out of his grave to buy a copy,” someone joked. Coincidentally, Elizabeth Arden tweeted promoting its hyaluronic acid product, saying it’s beneficial for “colder months” — which people took to be the brand trolling Prince Harry. “You’ve heard all the buzz about plumping Hyaluronic Acid, but did you know it’s extremely helpful during the colder months?” the brand tweeted. However, the tweet was posted Monday, just one day before the book, though it erroneously sold early in Spain and hit shelves on Tuesday. “Can you confirm if this will help with a freezing todger?? Prince Harry says it does??” one person responded. “NO SUCH A THING AS BAD PUBLICITY, AIGHT,” another said. “Elizabeth Arden is trolling #PrinceHarry,” someone tweeted. This isn’t the first time Prince Harry was mocked for his frostbitten penis. When it was first revealed that he suffered a frostbitten “todger” during a 2011 North Pole trip, the internet went into a frenzy. Prince Harry made lots of bombshell revelations in the book including the story of how he lost his virginity, shopping for discount clothes at TK Maxx and getting into physical altercations with his brother.