Disgraced former lawmaker and city Buildings Commissioner Eric Ulrich, who resigned in November in the wake of a gambling probe by the Manhattan district attorney, is now pushing different kinds of policies — insurance ones. “I couldn’t be happier,” Ulrich gushed in a Dec. 21 email to friends, shared with The Post, about joining Ocean Blue Insurance Agency in the Rockaways as a licensed broker. “Whether it’s property, commercial, auto or liability protection I’ve got you covered,” he added. The former career politician, who received his insurance license last month, told The Post that the new line of work was a good step to “transition to the private sector.” “I have bills to pay, I have a 10-year-old daughter, and I have to move on with life,” Ulrich said. “There’s life after public service. There’s life after politics.” In early November, Manhattan District Attorney Alvin Bragg seized Ulrich’s phone and grilled him for two hours as part of a criminal gambling investigation, law enforcement sources previously told The Post. Ulrich had potentially accrued debts in backroom Ozone Park card games with mob associates, sources said, with the investigation focusing on his conduct prior to serving as the Buildings commissioner. Ulrich has not been charged with a crime but resigned two days after news of the probe broke. In 2018, during his tenure as a city councilman, Ulrich wrote a letter to a federal judge asking for leniency for a reputed Bonanno family associate, who had pleaded guilty to a RICO conspiracy charge. A spokesperson for the Manhattan DA’s office declined to comment. Ulrich, a Republican, previously represented Queens’ 32nd District on the city council from 2009 to 2021, when he was termed out of office. He joined the Adams administration in January 2022 as a senior advisor to the mayor, before being tapped to lead the Buildings Department in May, which came with a $243,171-a-year salary. In April 2021, Ulrich revealed he had been battling alcoholism and planned on getting sober. He also had a gambling track record, reporting winnings on his ethics disclosures as a city councilman totaling between $5,000 and $47,999 in 2016 and 2017. He reported the same range of winnings from the New York State Lottery annually for 2018, 2019 and 2020. “I consider myself to be a lucky guy,” Ulrich previously told The Post. “I got a great job, a beautiful daughter and every so often, lightning strikes.”