This revered snack staple, and our obsession with it, is anything but corny. Discovered in the Americas centuries ago, according to the The Popcorn Board, popcorn has become a household favorite worldwide. So every time you reach for that delectable crunch, know that you’re in a long line of humanity that has munched on the fluffy, puffy treat! While butter and salt flavor may be traditionally the most popular and nearly synonymous with the movie theater experience, recent years have brought an explosion of options for hungry snackers to explore. Luxury gourmet popcorn brands have also emerged, offering a kaleidoscope of options ranging from cheddar, caramel, churro and more! To understand the vast world of popcorn flavors and in honor of today, National Popcorn Day, the New York Post spoke exclusively with Becky Quinn of Poppin Love Popcorn. We put our heads together to create the definitive list of best popcorn flavors for your zodiac sign. Find out which popcorn flavor is the best for your zodiac sign! As a Fire sign ruled by the planet Mars, Aries are bold, confident and ferocious! It is no surprise that the go-to flavor for this flashy zodiac sign would be something with bold spiciness and keep you coming back for more. Flamin’ Hot Cheddar Popcorn is sure to satisfy the palate of any Aries’ cravings. It’ll keep you coming back for handful after handful. As an Earth sign ruled by the planet, Venus, Tauruses are all about indulging, seeking comfort and slowing down. They crave food, environments, people and feelings that are pleasing to the senses above all. The best flavors for a Taurus are those with an extra dash of sugar. The marriage of soft cinnamon and the vibrant sweetness of Churro popcorn will keep a Taurus salivating for more and sharing it with friends! Symbolized by the Twins, Geminis bring a spunky and adventurous energy everywhere that they go. Yet, because they have two sides to their personalities, they need something that will keep them guessing! Geminis are known for being charming and always on the move, but also that they can get bored rather quickly. Caramel Cheddar Popcorn will definitely capture the attention of a Gemini. The sweet flavor of Caramel paired with the salty Cheddar can satisfy the cravings they have. Cancers are represented by the Crab and ruled by the Moon. As a Water sign, they are sweet, emotional, comforting and homey. In astrology, the Moon speaks to the home, our roots, where we come from and how we recharge our lives. Cancer is also all about nostalgia, growth, nourishment and comfort. What says nostalgia and comfort more than Caramel Popcorn? The fresh burst of sweet caramel along with the salty and buttery undertones is the most comforting of all popcorn flavors. Leo is a Fire sign, represented by a Lion and ruled by the Sun. They are showstoppers—everything they do is big and loud. They are extremely passionate about everything they do and always want to be in the spotlight. Their playful attitude is even reflected in how they wish to have fun with their food! Lemonade popcorn is the most carefree and playful popcorn flavor. Lemonade popcorn is “oh, so refreshing” and is the perfect balance between sweet and tangy. It’s a unique flavor that will tantalize the taste buds! Virgos are detail-oriented perfectionists and one of the most health conscience signs of the zodiac. They’re sensual Earth signs who are ruled by inquisitive Mercury. When they decide to indulge in a dessert, they’ll go for a dark chocolate or peppermint flavored treat since both claim to have health benefits. Mint Chocolate Cookie is the perfect popcorn flavor for any Virgo because it has a bright yet delicate flash of mint combined with a smooth chocolate finish that will leave all Virgos wanting more! Libras are extroverted, friendly people who crave peace, harmony and balance. However, because they are symbolized by the Scales, ruled by Venus and also an Air sign, they can sometimes be indecisive when there are too many options! Cookies & Cream fits perfectly for their popcorn flavor because it brings a perfect balance. They will appreciate this thoughtful partnership of smooth cream paired with a chocolate cookie crunch. Yum! Scorpios are opinionated, intense and fiery, as they are ruled by both Mars and Pluto. They have strong personalities and are “all or nothing” when it comes to their thoughts once they set their mind on something. Because of this, Scorpios have a preference for bold, vivid popcorn flavors. Cheddar Jalapeño Popcorn will provide the perfect amount of zing that very Scorpio craves! Vibrant Sagittarius is a Fire sign, ruled by the lucky planet, Jupiter. This is what makes them so free-spirited, fun-loving and adventurous! They are often the life of the party, regardless if they’re throwing the event, attending one or just trying to be the star. What goes better with a party than Confetti Popcorn? This playful sweet birthday cake flavor is sure to satisfy any Sagittarius’ palate. As a grounded Earth sign ruled by the mighty planet of tradition, Saturn, Capricorns can be very picky about their decisions—especially when it comes to food! They are known to be practical, grounded and hardworking. The steadfast Capricorn isn’t likely to fall for the latest fad or jump on a bandwagon just because everyone else is doing it, which is why Cheddar Cheese would be the tried-and-true popcorn flavor they would pick above all. Aquarians are ruled by Uranus, the planet of the future. They are also an Air sign, which means they take an intellectual approach to life. Because of this, they thrive on being eccentric and are known to think out of the box. It is no surprise that this sign would gravitate to a more unique taste like Arizona Mix Popcorn. This blend will definitely capture the attention of any Aquarius because it is a fun play on the favorite Chicago blend and combines the sweet flavor of the Churro paired with the savory kick of Spicy Cheddar. Arizona Mix will surely pique their curiosity! Sensitive, sweet and wise, Pisces are a Water sign ruled by Neptune that puts them deep in their feels. They are always envisioning, searching and wondering about what’s beyond the material world. The generous Pisces would decidedly appreciate the complex flavor of Chai Tea Popcorn. They will revel in the extraordinary taste of exotic spices that it offers, which will tantalize their minds and spirits. Special thanks to Becky Quinn for collaborating with me on this article! The story of POPPIN’ LOVE began more than 35 years ago when a little girl had her first taste of caramel corn…and fell in love! Since then, that girl has spent countless hours perfecting recipes and making endless batches to gift to family and friends. The taste of POPPIN’ LOVE’s caramel corn is above and beyond other brands. Some say it is delightfully addictive and many have shamelessly confessed to hiding it so they can have it all to themselves! People have often asked if there is some magical ingredient that has been used in the recipe that makes them not want to stop eating the popcorn until it is all gone! The simple answer to this question is “YES” there is a magical ingredient, and that is LOVE! (There are a few other secrets, but we won’t give them away.) All of our popcorn varieties are made with the highest quality ingredients and are packed with tons of flavor! The texture of our popcorn is like no other. It does not have your typical “hard glazed” finish. It has a light, crunchy, airy finish that melts in your mouth and doesn’t stick to your teeth. Astrology 101: Your guide to the stars Kyle Thomas is a globally recognized pop culture astrologer who has been featured in “Access Hollywood,” E! Entertainment, NBC & ABC television, Cosmopolitan magazine, Hulu, Bustle, Elite Daily, Marie Claire and more. He is known for his cosmic guidance for celebrities, business executives and prominent influencers. His work harnesses the power of the stars in regards to entertainment lifestyle and trends affecting people worldwide. For more information, visit KyleThomasAstrology.com.