The poop is hitting the fan with the Black Eyed Peas. BMG Rights Management — the music publishing company for the Grammy-winning group behind “I Gotta Feeling,” “Boom Boom Pow” and “Where Is the Love?” — is suing a toymaker over its line of pooping unicorn dolls. The suit alleges that “My Poops” — a song performed in a video by MGA Entertainment’s “Poopsie Slime Surprise” dolls — rips off the Black Eyed Peas’ 2005 hit “My Humps.” Yes, the same tune where Fergie famously rapped about her “lovely lady lumps.” The suit is asking for at least $10 million in damages over MGA’s marketing of the “Poopsie Slime Surprise” dolls in a video with them singing “My Poops.” And one of the dolls — which excrete sparkly slime — even sings “My Poops” when you push its heart-shaped belly button. How adorable. BMG — which owns 75% of the composition copyright to “My Humps” — is alleging similarities with the song’s melodies, lyrics and chords. According to the complaint, MGA  — best known for its Bratz dolls — ignored a cease-and-desist notice from BMG. “My Humps” was the third single from the Black Eyed Peas’ multiplatinum 2005 album “Monkey Business.” The song — on which Fergie shares lead vocals with will.i.am — reached No. 3 on the Billboard Hot 100, and its accompanying clip won best hip-hop video at the 2006 MTV Video Music Awards. It was one of a string of hits that the Peas had with Fergie before the singer left the group in 2018. Since then, BEP hasn’t matched the heights that once led them to headline the Super Bowl halftime show in 2011. The now-trio — which is rounded out by apl.de.ap and Taboo — released its latest album, “Elevation,” in November, but the LP failed to take off on the charts. While “fair use” allows you to legally parody copyrighted songs as new works, “Weird Al” Yankovic chooses to license all of the tunes that he gives his comical spin. And, in the case of “My Poops,” it’s trickier when a parody song is used as blatant advertising or as part of a consumer product. BMG Rights Management and MGA Entertainment did not respond to The Post’s requests for comment.