Yes, you can bet on who will be the next starting quarterback of the New York Jets. And shockingly, none of the quarterbacks currently on the roster are favored to do so. This market is able to be bet on PointsBet Sportsbook in the state of New Jersey under the “NFL Player Specials” tab. You may remember Jacob deGrom’s next team odds dubbing the Texas Rangers at a massive underdog of +2500. Well, anyone that was able to wager on it cashed in when he signed a five-year deal to end his Mets tenure. Let’s dive into the options they have and see if there is value to be had on any of these players. The current Jets roster is sapped of quarterback talent, and despite Robert Salah’s outcry that he will develop Zach Wilson “through hell or high water,” sportsbooks are not buying it. Instead, they are buying the Jets’ interest in the Raiders’ embattled quarterback. Derek Carr sent a goodbye message to Las Vegas fans last week, so he is undoubtedly on his way out. The Jets should be the significant favorites to land Carr. Especially after Woody Johnson said the Jets would “absolutely” spend on a quarterback. Other teams that could be in the market are the Titans and Buccaneers. 49ers Super Bowl starter, then backup, forced back into a starter role, and now injured. All of this will finally culminate with Jimmy Garoppolo being a free agent for the first time. And that market might not be as big as he hoped. The 49ers have one of the best offenses in the NFL in terms of weapons and play-calling, but that offense has actually improved since Brock Purdy took over. Garoppolo is a fine quarterback, but isn’t at the level that the Jets should really be comfortable investing in as a long-term solution. He will not be the first option for the Jets and isn’t worth a bet at these odds. A critical piece of this bet is if the player retires, the wager is voided, according to their terms and conditions. So now we are purely talking about, if Tom Brady plays, where will he go? It appears he will be leaving Tampa Bay, The clear favorite here is Las Vegas and playing for the Raiders. But looking at quarterback-needy teams that Brady could potentially go to, his options are the Raiders, Jets, and Titans, with the 49ers and Dolphins being in the mix. Three of those teams already plan to check in on the future Hall of Famer. +2200 implies a 4.53 percent implied probability that the Jets land him. With the retirement piece taken care of, it’s probably a slightly higher chance, considering there is a maximum of five teams in the race for Brady. Anywhere between 7.5 percent and 10 percent is reasonable. The Raiders should be the overwhelming favorite to land Brady, as he is familiar with head coach Josh McDaniels from their New England days. Somehow, the number is only +250 on PointsBet at the time of writing.