There’s something about Valentine’s Day that always tends to creep up on us. Maybe because it’s right after the Christmas frenzy, or perhaps it’s one of those buy-flowers-and-chocolates-and-call-it-a-day holidays. Believe it or not, we’re in full swing for Cupid’s Super Bowl already. Whether you’re looking to buy a luxury gift for the man or woman in your life or on the hunt for a perfectly packaged skin care set for the beauty aficionado you know, Amazon has a classic catalog of options at the ready. We’re on a mission to keep your online shopping ventures as simplified as possible, so we curated an edit of the 50 best Valentine’s Day gifts available on Amazon for you to shop for this year — for anyone on your list. Sure, you can call these the *prime* options (and we explain why each one made the cut for your reference), but rest assured our top picks are catered to every type of person, relationship and personality you’re gift-hunting for. Click to jump to a specific recipient: When in doubt, you can’t go wrong with a plush pair of slippers. The Parlovable Cross-Band Slippers are an Amazon best-seller, come in a wide array of color options and have that on-trend, Instagram-worthy design — all for less than $25. We’ve burned many candles in the past few years, and we keep coming back to the Lulu Candles Espresso Bean Scented Soy Jar Candle. If the woman you know is all about the cozy coffeehouse vibes, this java-inspired aroma is one you won’t stop raving about. The Revolution InstaGLO Touchscreen Toaster isn’t just any toaster — it’s revolutionary. All puns aside, you’ll never have to worry about toasting to your preferences ever again. This smart model boasts more than 60 toasting algorithms (just when you thought there wasn’t that many) and a screen as crisp as your toast will be. For more options, check out our guide to the best toaster ovens less than $200. Yes, Swarovski is on Amazon — and we’re not complaining about it. The retailer has these beautiful Bella Earrings for less than $65 that are sure to match with virtually any outfit, causal and dressy alike. For more options, check out our guide to the best Amazon jewelry. Everyone appreciates a newly minted pair of pajamas, and this Short-Sleeve Pajama Set from Samring caught our attention. With its classic button-down charm, you’ll appreciate its cozier-than-ever fit and endless array of hues to choose from. As an Amazon best-seller, the Skylight 10″ WiFi Digital Picture Frame is one of the best sentimental and practical gift options you can wrap this Valentine’s Day. Not only is this model one of the best digital picture frames we rounded up but it’s perfect for your loved one’s desk or bookshelf. Each year, the Knock Knock What I Love About You Fill-in-the-Blank Book receives much acclaim — and for a good reason. It’s a pocket-sized, meaningful gift that’s just $10 and one you can flip on for years to come. Say it with us: add to Amazon cart. If you’re looking for a gift for the coffee lover you know, don’t fret. The Keurig K-Mini Plus Coffee Maker isn’t just one of the best models we rounded up but it comes in a buffet of colors to choose from, doesn’t take up much counter space (which we know is precious real estate) and, of course, is compatible with your favorite K-cup pods. Enter the women’s coat that’s nearly sold out each winter season: the Orolay Thickened Down Jacket. It’s a practical splurge (with rave reviews) that’s sure to keep you warm, aside from the fact that it boasts a variety of zippered pockets. Trust us on this one. As one of the best blankets we reviewed, the Bedsure Fleece Blanket is a snuggly soft option that;’s less than $25. This Valentine’s Day, if you’re all about the cozy vibes for your wife or for your mom, this one has the it-factor. Yes, yes and yes. The Royal Craft Wood Luxury Bathtub Caddy Tray is how you’ll bring self care to the one you love (and trust us, she’ll adore it like no other). Whether she loves to read or wants to prop up her phone to stream her favorite show, this Amazon buy is tough to beat. On the self-care train, the BAIMEI Jade Roller & Gua Sha Set is a less-than-$20 purchase that’ll enhance her evening skincare routine head-on. With great cooling and soothing properties, this dynamic duo is even perfect to pack ahead of a long flight. For the plant lover (or home decor lover) you know, pick up the Der Rose Fake Pants, the four-pack that’ll enhance the look of any room. Whether she’s really into her bookcase styling lately or simply loves the look of (not so) fresh botanicals, this $14 set is a winner. For more options, check out our guide to the best fake plants. Gifting the top-rated Kindle Paperwhite is a no-brainer for the bookworm you know (and, comes in handy for long commutes and days lounging by the pool). Not to mention, you can pair this gift with an Audible membership for hands-free listening of the top books she’s interested in reading. There’s nothing more festive than snagging a festive yet match-all wallet for the woman on your Valentine’s Day shopping list. We love this rendition from Fossil, a less-than-$40 option that has a signature, on-theme heart pattern without being too flashy. Overall, it’s one of the hidden gems Amazon has to offer for the holiday. If your wife, mom, sister or even yourself blow-dries your hair often, it may be time for an upgrade of your most-used haircare tool. The GHD Helios Advanced Professional Hair Dryer fits the bill, is one of the best ones we tried and has wonderful settings to customize your style head-on (ha!) Treat your loved one to at-home gel manicures with this all-in-one kit from Modelones. Inside, you’ll find seven signature colors, a soak-off UV gel, a fast-drying light, nail primer and more. For less than $50, it’s a bundle she’ll be excited to try. Let’s cut right to the chase — we use this desk every day we’re working from home and can’t stop raving about it. Not only is its surface as wide as can be, but the addition of a drawer and modern adjustable height settings is beyond compare. For more options, check out our guide to the best standing desks. For just $9, you can’t skip on the Peter Pauper Press Wildflower Meadow Journal. It has an adorable design the woman in your life will love, whether for personal journaling, jotting down work notes or keeping track of memories and to-dos. Better date nights, unlocked. We nearly shrieked of excitement when we found the Betty Crocker Countertop Pizza Maker. Just shy of $50 right now, it’s the perfect indoor cooking essential if you don’t want to splurge on one of the best outdoor pizza ovens. Whether you’re looking to set the mood or up the ante on at-home s’mores-making nights, you can’t pass up the colsen Tabletop Indoor Fire Pit. For $60, it’s the perfect, multi-use addition to your home, with its flame lasting for up to 50 minutes. For more options, check out our guide to the best outdoor fire pits. If the man in your life is a budding mixologist (or, owns a bar cart and loves it just as much as you), then you need to add the Modern Mixology Bartender Kit with Stand to your Amazon cart. It comes with everything you need — for less than $50 right now — including the most on-trend cocktail cards we’ve ever seen. For more options, check out our guide to the best cocktail shaker sets. If you’re on the hunt for a Valentine’s Day gift for him at an excellent value, we found your best bet: the Real Essentials Dry-Fit Performance Crew T-Shirt. This five-pack is just $33 and, if he’s a fitness buff, he’ll cherish it for all of his gym days. Amplify his golf game with this unique find: the Perfect Practice Indoor Golf Putting Mat. It’s the perfect purchase if he’s so obsessed with golfing and wants to practice year-round, and we can’t stop recommending this to everyone we know IRL. The FineDine Triple-Insulated Stainless Steel Water Bottle with Straw Lid is a wonderful (and practical!) gift to buy — not just for the man in your life, but for anyone you know (and even yourself!) Its triple-insulated design insures that your water will be ice-cold, too. For more options, check out our guide to the best reusable water bottles. If you and your S.O. met on Bumble, Hinge, or the like — buy this. Enough said. This modern yet classic take on surround-sound is one of the loveliest of gifts you can give. Marshall is known for its superior quality and sleek, handsome look, so the brand’s Emberton Bluetooth Portable Speaker is 100% worth your coin. For more options, check out our guide to the best portable Bluetooth speakers. For the man you know who commutes to work or is constantly on the go, the Bellroy Transit Backpack is a quality investment worth making. Specifically, this model meets all carry-on size requirements if you’re traveling by plane and is has four handy external-access pockets for extra convenience. For more options, check out our guide to the best men’s backpacks and messenger bags. For the man who’s obsessed with egg sandwiches of every shape and kind, the Hamilton Beach Breakfast Sandwich Maker is a $30 purchase that’ll go a long way. Plus, it’s perfect if he’s a beginner chef (or advanced and he’s looking for his next favorite toy). You can never have too many socks, right? The Nike Cushion Crew Socks is a six-pack worth snagging, much ado to its unisex style, comfortable fit and versatile fabric. We recently gifted a pair of the Google Pixel Buds A-Series and, let us tell you, the positive feedback received on its noise-cancelling abilities is second to none. We can’t believe this pair of wireless earbuds is less than $100, either. We’re feeling like this gift is hot, hot, hot. The DIY Gifts Standard Hot Sauce Making Kit is much better than buying it store-bought — not only because the flavors are more customizable to your tastes but also because it gives you and your S.O. a fun date night to add to the calendar. We know, it’s pretty spectacular. Offer the guy you’re shopping for a fitness upgrade with the Yes4All Adjustable Cast Iron Dumbbells. This set of two is, impressively, less than $70 and is a best-selling option the retailer has to offer. For more options, check out our guide to the best dumbbells. Sometimes, you just have to cave in and gift the gamer you know a ticket to even more playing. The PlayStation Store Gift Card is versatile in that you can select the amount you’d like. Oh, and Amazon also carries an Xbox Gift Card with a price that’s also customizable, should he play on a different console. For more options, check out our guide to the best e-gift cards you can order online. For a $20 gift that’s sure to keep him warm, the Carhartt Knit Cuffed Beanie is a sought-after favorite (and a New York Post Shopping favorite, too). It comes in a wide variety of colors and textures and is the ultimate winter accessory he’ll be glad to unwrap. Up his grooming game this Valentine’s Day with the Philips Norelco Multigroomer All-in-One Trimmer. We can’t believe it’s less than $20 right now, either, and it’s one of the best brands for men’s shaving kits we rounded up. Keep his feet warm and snuggly with the top-rated UGG Ascot Slipper. Our fathers have them, our brothers own them and, undoubtedly, they make a rockin’ gift. For a practical Valentine’s Day gift (especially if who you’re shopping for is super into their car), the NOCO Boost Plus Jump Starter Box is a nice investment product to have (and one they normally wouldn’t splurge on). For the day of love, he’ll love the fact that he won’t have to rely on AAA as much. For less than $20, we’re eyeing the Amazon Essentials Fleece Jogger Pant. We can practically see how comfortably they fit through the screen, and we think everyone — even the gals — should have these luxury-for-less pair of bottoms in their drawer. For more options, check out our guide to the best men’s joggers. Moleskine is truly taking over the notebook industry by storm, thanks to its sleek take on the classic bound journal. For less than $25 on Amazon, you can even insert some photos of you two together on the cover for an added sentimental touch. If the kiddo you’re shopping for this Valentine’s Day loves all things building, they’ll appreciate this all-in-one Brickyard Building Blocks STEM 163-Piece Kit. For less than $20, they’ll have a ball. For more options, check out our guide to the best Amazon toys for less than $25. How festive! If you’re looking to buy the little one you know a little something to show how much you love them this Valentine’s Day, this plush elephant is too cute to pass up. Splurge on a Valentine’s Day gift this year with the Milliard Wooden Dollhouse. Not only is it a house we wish we owned in full, real-life size but it comes with 20 furniture pieces to cater to all the playtime fun. On the hunt for some Valentine’s Day pajamas? Simple Joys by Carter’s has a wonderful Cotton Valentine’s Day Pajama Set for less than $20. Buy now, thank us for the cute photos later. LEGO doesn’t have to be expensive this Valentine’s Day. The brand’s 3-in-1 Majestic Tiger Building Kit is not only incredibly cool but is fairly priced at less than $50 (oh, and perfect for any kid aged 9 and up). For more options, check out our guide to the best LEGO sets. For the perfect kids winter coat, the CECORC Unisex Kids Hooded Puffer Jacket comes in a slew of shades to adorn your little boy or girl for the colder months — for less than $30, too. We love its classic look that’s sure to meet any little one’s style, too. We were so enamored by the Monopoly Longest Game Ever Edition — so much so that we wrote a full feature on the spin-off of America’s beloved board game — and highly recommend adding it to your Amazon cart. It’s not just for kids, either, and you won’t believe what it entails. For a tried-and-true classic Valentine’s Day gift, you can’t skip the “Happy Valentine’s Day, Mouse!” Board Book. For an added sentimental touch, add a message in permanent marker to the inside cover or back. We can’t stop glossing over the Fujifilm Instax Mini 11 Instant Camera. For less than $100, it’s the perfect treat for the budding photographer you know, and pairs well in your Amazon cart with the corresponding film ($14). For an original Valentine’s Day gift the little candy lover will go nuts for, the Playo Gumball Slot Machine Toy is a $50 gift that’ll make you the coolest gift-giver. Like, ever. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.