Bills wide receiver Stefon Diggs stayed in Cincinnati to be near his teammate Damar Hamlin after the 24-year-old safety suffered cardiac arrest and collapsed on the field against the Bengals on “Monday Night Football.” Diggs was seen arriving to the University of Cincinnati Medical Center, where Hamlin remains in critical condition. ESPN’s Coley Harvey, who was outside the hospital on Monday night, reported that Diggs was stopped by a cop while trying to see Hamlin. “I need to be there for my teammate,” Diggs reportedly said to the cop, who eventually let him inside. Harvey said on the broadcast that he vouched for an emotional Diggs with authorities as the wideout tried to explain his relation to Hamlin. “This is all so messed up … we just had to be here for our teammate,” Diggs told Harvey. Diggs, among other Bills players, chose to stay in Cincinnati while the team flew home on Monday night after the game was suspended, per NFL executive vice president of football operations Troy Vincent. Bengals coach Zac Taylor was also seen at University of Cincinnati Medical Center, a Level 1 trauma hospital that’s about two miles from Paycor Stadium. Other videos and photos that emerged on social media show Bills and Bengals fans gathered together outside UC Medical Center in the aftermath of the incident. Fans were seen in prayer circles, holding hands and candles in support of Hamlin. According to the Bills, Hamlin is currently sedated and listed in critical condition. The University of Cincinnati Medical Center did not anticipate making any statement early Tuesday morning. Monday night’s game was postponed after Hamlin, a second-year safety, collapsed on the field in the first quarter after making a hard tackle on Bengals receiver Tee Higgins. He initially got up after the hit and appeared disoriented before falling to the ground on his back. CPR was performed on Hamlin on the field after his collapse, and his heartbeat was restored on the field before he was transferred to the hospital in an ambulance for further testing and treatment. Jordon Rooney, the CEO of sports marketing agency Jaster Athletes who is Hamlin’s marketing representative and friend, provided an update on Twitter Monday night. “[Hamlin’s] vitals are back to normal and they have put him to sleep to put a breathing tube down his throat. They are currently running tests,” Rooney wrote. Hamlin’s agent, Ira Turner, said he had “no update at this time” at 11:44 p.m. E.T on Monday night, per ESPN’s Alaina Getzenberg.