Georgia fans lined the streets in Athens on Saturday to catch a glimpse of quarterback Stetson Bennett during the team’s championship celebrations, but not everyone was thrilled with his behavior. Bennett, who led the Bulldogs to back-to-back championships, including their 65-7 rout over TCU on Jan. 9, was called out Tuesday by Atlanta radio personality Steak Shapiro, with the host tweeting how the 25-year-old signal-caller “needed someone to tell him to get off his damn phone during a parade and to show some graciousness and appreciation to the fans that were sitting in that stadium.” “You want to crush the media you think were mean to you do it [at] a press conference,” Shapiro said. One moment, now forever immortalized on social media, featured Bennett riding in a car while looking down at his cellphone as a reporter from WSB-TV tried to converse with him at the parade. Elsewhere on Saturday, Bennett appeared to chide the media for previous takes on Georgia, stating at the podium, “Y’all kept telling us how bad we were,” before adding, “Screw it, we got two rings.” Bennett, who skipped this year’s national championship postgame press conference, later fired back at Shapiro on Twitter. “Cell…?? phone…?? I’m afraid I’m too old to understand the latest technology,” Bennett wrote in his first message before elaborating further in a follow-up post. “Full article here- (and I am sorry to the fans who felt unappreciated, that couldn’t be further from the truth. I was just playing some tunes).” Bennett began his message with, “Mr Med Rare: One phone was mine. One phone was connected to the Bluetooth. Mine had the playlists. The other had the aux. I appreciate your concern with my image/intentions/loyalties/obligations (as well as your willingness to reach out to me to confirm them), you obviously thought quite deeply about some motives I might’ve had. To help fill in some holes though can I give you the ‘inside’ scoop? “Parades are a symbol of celebration, and while last year’s was a celebration of that championship, this year’s parade was a celebration of a very special period of time (for me! Of course there is the possibility that I’m wrong). And while we as a team very much so appreciate the fans, we as individuals appreciate our teammates. Ya know, the one’s we’ve broken bones and torn ligaments and bled for, and cried and changed and grown and laughed with for years now. “So to help you fill in those damned holes: team (group) celebrate with fans (group) in big parade. Teammate (individual) celebrate with teammate (individual) in small personal car. Guess which one I am. Teammate, yep! So to finish it off nice and neat: I was controlling the aux and playing bangers so sed and Chris and I could have a blast on our last ride into Sanford. That’s pretty much the gist of it.” Bennett concluded his message: “P.s.: I don’t like you very much mr Steak ‘and shake’ Shapiro. But to be fair, I’m not a fan of your work either.” Shapiro, the host of 92.9 The Game, then expressed that while he felt “Saturday could’ve been better,” he wishes Bennett “nothing but the best moving forward.” “To be clear #13 could not be bigger fan of you and what you’ve accomplished,” Shapiro wrote. “I called you the greatest Dawg in history and one of the greatest sports stories of all time. Just thought Saturday could’ve been better, regardless wishing u nothing but the best moving forward.”