Now here’s a hot tip for corporate hotties on the hunt. Drop-dead gorgeous job-seekers would be wise to downplay their flawless features and camouflage their fab physiques on job interviews for a better chance at landing the gig, per viral advice from an in-the-know employment expert. “Oh, she’s, like, phenomenally beautiful? That’s annoying. And I bet she’s a b- -ch too,” scoffed career coach Mandy Tang in her trending TikTok hot take. In the caption of the clip, titled “What to do when you’re really hot during the interview process,” Tang wrote: “If you’re hot you’re not that smart or nice, is what people are thinking,” to an audience of over 142,000 viewers. “If you are currently applying for a job and you’re making it to the final round and you happen to be … traditionally attractive, you have to watch out,” continued the mom of two, from Denver, in her word-to-the-wise warning. “There’s actually going to be a bias against you. I know candidates who have [experienced] it.” Tang, who claims to have never been a direct victim of beauty discrimination in the office, then urged head-turners to tone down their allure in order to convince hiring managers that they’re the ideal applicant. “Go the other direction, and play it really warm and really down to earth,” she suggested.  “People feel like they’re getting a sense of who you are, not just this perfectly polished version.” “Polish is not what people hire,” said Tang. And a swarm of smoking-hot social media sirens agreed. “Yesssssss, I do always wear my glasses and a fairly simple outfit and barely any makeup. Then the first day I walk in all glammed up,” confessed one comely commenter. “I always wear my glasses and bring up my outdoor activities during interviews. I hate that it works,” admitted another. “Especially with women [hiring managers], I tone down the hair and makeup a lot more. Don’t want them to resent me,” said a separate pinup. “[With] men — I tend to exaggerate my features a bit.” And others empathized with folks who are cursed with good looks, arguing that they shouldn’t be penalized for being pretty. “It’s so sad that beautiful people need to humanize themselves during an already grueling process,” penned an ally of the devastatingly attractive. “This is helpful & good advice,” said another sympathizer. “You have to draw attention away from your appearance!”