Eight is not enough for Kevin McCarthy. The House of Representatives deadlocked on two more ballots while trying to choose a speaker Thursday, hours after the GOP leader reportedly gave in to demands by a contingent of hardline conservative Republicans blocking his bid for the gavel. McCarthy, who had already lost six speakership votes over the last two days, once again failed to reach the 217 votes needed despite offering to accede to a key demand that he had previously said he would not support: lowering the threshold of members who can move to oust the speaker from five to one, a process known as a “motion to vacate.” On the seventh ballot, 19 holdout Republicans voted for Rep.-elect Byron Donalds of Florida, while Rep.-elect Matt Gaetz of Florida voted for a fellow Sunshine Stater, former President Donald Trump, to take the gavel. As on the previous three ballots, Rep.-elect Victoria Spartz (R-Ind.) voted “present,” lowering the magic number for any candidate by one from the 218 threshold needed on Tuesday’s first three ballots. The eighth ballot saw a slight alteration in the voting pattern, with 17 Republican rebels voting for Donalds, Gaetz supporting Trump, and Lauren Boebert of Colorado and Josh Brecheen of Oklahoma voting for Rep.-elect Kevin Hern (R-Okla.) — who backed McCarthy for the leadership post. “I’m happy as [Republican Study Committee] chair and there’s a lot we are already doing there,” Hern said in a statement after the vote. “It’s something I’ll have to think and pray about before deciding if it’s a job I’ll run for … If the conference wants me to work for them, I’ll pray on it.” House Democrats remained united in their support of Brooklyn and Queens Rep.-elect Hakeem Jeffries, giving him all 212 of their votes for the seventh and eighth consecutive ballots. McCarthy remained stuck on 201 votes, where he had been since the fourth ballot Wednesday. After whirlwind negotiations late Wednesday, McCarthy reportedly agreed to assign more members of the Freedom Caucus, which has been at the forefront of efforts to thwart his efforts to become speaker, to House committees — including the Rules Committee, which has great sway over which legislation gets to the floor for a vote. Other concessions involve allowing votes on term limits and border security legislation, according to the reports. The Post reported Wednesday evening that a super PAC aligned with McCarthy — the Congressional Leadership Fund — reached an agreement with the conservative nonprofit Club for Growth on primary candidate funding, resolving another sticking point in the dispute. As part of the deal, the Leadership Fund, which funds GOP House candidates, will not spend money on any open-seat primaries in safe Republican districts. Rep.-elect Jim Banks of Indiana said progress was made during the negotiation sessions between McCarthy and members of the conservative House Freedom Caucus, and said the changes to the rules would be beneficial. “The rules that have been negotiated are really good to empower rank-and-file members and take power away from the hands of just one or two people in leadership and that’s good for the institution. It’s good for the party,” Banks told “Fox & Friends” Thursday morning. “It’s time to move forward and unify. And we’ve got to get back to work,” he said. But some moderate GOP House members fear McCarthy would be a speaker in name only after giving away much of his leverage to the Freedom Caucus. “I don’t like it,” Rep.-elect Carol Miller (R-WV) told CNN. “He has two years to prove himself, and that goes by very quickly, so I think we just need to get on with the business that the American people have sent us here to do, and that is to govern. It’s to take care of our border, it’s to get spending under control. It’s to be leaders.” Rep.-elect Warren Davidson of Ohio, a McCarthy supporter, suggested the ​concessions may have come too late because of the stiff resistance to the California lawmaker. “The reality is,” he told CNN, “there are some people who, in their estimation, there’s no way they’re going to be able to support Kevin McCarthy.”