He didn’t find life in plastic was fantastic. A self-proclaimed “human Ken doll” spent nearly $100,000 on cosmetic surgeries to achieve his “fake” doll-like appearance — but he’s now he’s getting it removed. David Kosir, known online as @plasticbotchedboy, became obsessed with cosmetic surgery, flying all around the world to achieve his ideal look. But after years of drastic and costly procedures, Kosir is finally letting the filler fizzle. “I’ve lost my identity, I am no one,” he captioned a recent TikTok video sharing that he removed all his filler. The clip shows photos before and after photos of Kosir, set to a Jennifer Lopez track titled “I’m Real” and quickly amassed 4.3 million views. The Aussie began his plastic transformation in 2019 when he first dabbled with filler. From there his lips, face and cosmetic surgery bills continued to balloon. In May 2021, he underwent his first permanent procedure with a $9,000 rhinoplasty (nose job) at home in Melbourne. Kosir admitted to spending $100,000 on plastic surgery getting 14 mls of lip filler over three years for $7,500, freckle laser removal sessions every month totaling $1,200, 10 ml of cheek filler for $7,000, 5 ml of jaw/chin filler for $3,000, Botox each year costing $1,500, a nose job for $13,000, teeth veneers and crowns for $33,000 and a hair transplant for $6,500. He had previously told Kennedy News that he was going for “a human, male Barbie doll look, like Ken” claiming that a “plastic, fake look” was the “ultimate aesthetic.” Kosir explained that his social media pages were flooded with images of beautiful people with different cosmetic surgeries that inspired him to continue. Plastic surgery has been on the rise in recent years and experts have warned that social media and filters have played a major role in this increase. “Honestly it was scrolling through social media, I was like, ‘these teeth look nice, what are these? Veneers and crowns, what are they?’ and then I looked into that and thought, ‘I should get that done,’ ” he said. Even then he confessed that he no longer recognized his pre-op face, leaving him with mixed feelings. “I don’t recognize myself looking at old photos. It’s weird, it’s mixed emotions. I don’t actually hate how I used to look, I can appreciate both aesthetics that I’ve had,” he said. Kosir said that looking at his face without his filler is “a bit [of an] adjustment” but he’s working to embrace the change. After posting the first TikTok debuting his new look, Kosir took to Instagram to share an update on getting back to the basics. “I think what’s throwing me off is I think I look quite young,” he said to the camera inspecting his face at all angles. He is still beginning to adjust to the look but admitted “it feels weird.” Kosit has also been thrown off by all of the nice comments he’s received also describing them as “weird” as he’s used to getting so much hate.