Law enforcement is investigating the death of Adam Rich, the star of “Eight is Enough,” as a potential “overdose.” Officers allegedly found white powder when they arrived at the scene and discovered his body, leading them to suspect drug use, according to TMZ. Rich was 54 years old. Rich was assumed to be dead for days before the manager of his LA-area apartment building found his lifeless body in the bathroom. At the time, no one had reportedly heard from Rich for two days. Law enforcement does not think foul play was involved. The Post has reached out to Rich’s representative for comment. Rich appeared on-screen as Nicholas Bradshaw, the youngest son in the Bradford family, in the hit series “Eight is Enough” from 1977-1981. He was even named number 73 on VH1’s list of 100 greatest kid stars. The child star struggled with drug issues in the past. In 2000, The Post reported that Rich supposedly dropped out of school and was arrested “for drugs” and shoplifting. According to MSN, the young actor wasn’t just interested in marijuana, which he first began smoking at 14. In 1989, Rich nearly died after overdosing on Valium. Just two years later, he was arrested and charged with attempted burglary of a pharmacy after smashing the window. In 2002, he got a DUI after almost hitting a police car. He supposedly served three stints in rehab, MSN reported, and in recent years, he’s taken to social media to destigmatize mental illness. “Human beings weren’t built to endure mental illness,” Rich tweeted in September 2022. “The mere fact that some people consider those to be weak, or have a lack of will is totally laughable … because it’s the total opposite! It’s takes a very, very strong person … a warrior if you will … to battle such illnesses.” Then, in December 2022, he replied to the tweet, sharing the suicide lifeline. “The only thing those suffering from a mental illness know how to do is pretend to be ok,” he wrote. “Enough! The stigma is killing people. Be yourself. Ok, or not ok, is the only way to create change, & stomp the stigma! Heal your truth!” If you are struggling with suicidal thoughts or are experiencing a mental health crisis and live in New York City, you can call 1-888-NYC-WELL for free and confidential crisis counseling. If you live outside the five boroughs, you can dial the 24/7 National Suicide Prevention hotline at 988 or go to SuicidePreventionLifeline.org.