Police body camera footage released Friday reveals the moment Paul Pelosi was viciously pummeled with a hammer in front of two cops by an unhinged attacker during a home invasion last year. The video shows a pained look on Pelosi’s face as he holds on to one side of the hammer while the suspect, David DePape, prises his fingers away — seconds after they had opened the door to cops, who ask what’s going on. DePape then wrestles the hammer free and quickly swings it with full force — as the cops charge at him during the bizarre incident at their San Francisco abode on Oct. 28. The whole incident unfolds in a matter of seconds, and left Pelosi unconscious with a fractured skull in a pool of his own blood. San Francisco police officer Kyle Cagney  and his partner had arrived at the Pelosi residence for a wellness check at around 2:20 a.m. In the crucial seconds after the door is opened, Cagney’s partner can be heard ordering the men to “drop the hammer” — to which DePape responds “Um, nope.” “Whoa! Oh, s–t!” one of the officers can be heard shouting as DePape gets control of the implement and swings it in the graphic video. Pelosi stumbles back when the hammer is prised away from him and the initial blow happens off-camera, but as the officers rush into the building it appears DePape managed to land at least one more hit before the cops were able to bring him to the floor. Cagney eventually pulls the hammer from DePape’s hands as Pelosi is left face-down on the ground bleeding. From the door opening until the cops frantically charge at DePape takes just 14 seconds. The officers has been called to the residence when Pelosi had been able to subtly place the call to 911 during the home invasion. DePape is said to have broken into the $7m dollar home — which was supposed to be being monitoerd by Captiol Police — looking for Pelosi’s wife, former Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi. During the attack, DePape allegedly demanded to know  “Where’s Nancy?” and upon learning she was away on business, decided to take his frustrations out on her husband instead, threatening to tie him up and growling, “I can take you out,” according to court documents. According to the police narrative, DePape had broken into the home in the dead of night and surprised Pelosi as he was sleeping and ordered him out of bed. The body camera footage dispels conspiracy theories, which had claimed the pair were both naked at the time of the incident. Pelosi was rushed to a nearby hospital, where he underwent surgery to remove and repair part of his skull. He spent nearly a week in intensive care. DePape pleaded not guilty to attempted homicide, first-degree burglary, and other charges in November. The body camera footage was first played during DePape’s preliminary court hearing on Dec. 14. — but prosecutors refused to release the evidence to the public at that time. On Wednesday, a San Francisco County judge ruled the district attorney’s office must release the body camera footage along with 911 calls recorded the night of the break-in. DePape was also hit with federal charges and faces up to 50 years behind bars if convicted. Speaking to reporters at the Capitol on Friday, Nancy Pelosi said she has not seen or heard the just-released footage from the vicious attack. “I have not seen the break-in, and I have absolutely no intention of seeing the deadly assault on my husband’s life,” the former House speaker said. “I won’t be making any more statements about this case as it proceeds.” She did say that Paul’s recovery is “coming along.” “He’s making progress, but it’ll take more time.”