Eat your heart out Jennifer Walters. Dutch bodybuilder Jackie Koorn has been dubbed a real life “She-Hulk” after going viral with her 24-inch “curvy girl muscles.” Like many of us in 2020, Koorn, 33, lost her favorite pastime, kickboxing, due to the COVID-19 pandemic. To fill the void, she focused on bodybuilding in isolation. Koorn now claims to rival the likes of Arnold Schwarzenegger — whose biceps measured a mere 22 inches in his prime. — despite her having a “natural” look. “I want to bring some new thing to the market. I call it curvy muscle, because I want to have my female curves but also want to have the muscles in a healthy good way,” she told South West News Service. Koorn, who owns a security company, says she’s always been the athletic type. “I am one of six children, our family has a background of playing sports. At a young age I was taking part in judo, football and swimming,” Koorn recalled. “I come from a good family,” she continued. “We were always taught, if you want something you have to work for it. I think that has carried through into my fitness, I work very hard for my body.” Fitness has been a journey for Koorn, who weighed just 154 pounds in 2020, and a whopping 350 pounds now — gaining 70% of pure muscle in the process, she claims. “What led me to building my curvy girl muscle was my temporary hiatus from kickboxing,” she explained. “I always had an interest in fitness but having to take a hiatus allowed me to focus on a different way of using my body, that led me here.” These days she can deadlift 330 pounds, bench press 400 pounds, squat 200 pounds and leg press up to 990 pounds. “I feel strong, huge and pretty good,” Koorn added. “I have built myself up through continuing a good diet and exercise regimen. Good food and lifting weights that what you need if you want to grow muscle.” Koorn’s diet includes eight eggs a day: two of them at breakfast with some cottage cheese and granola, as well as her identical second breakfast, two for lunch with some chicken and, for her final serving, two eggs at dinner alongside some vegetables. “As I am cutting [back] right now I am taking in 2,200 calories a day. When I am just building [muscle] it is more like 3,200,” said Koorn. The muscle maven shared her fitness journey on Instagram with the hope that others embrace their strength and natural curves. But opening up and promoting body positivity hasn’t come without its hardships — but it doesn’t stop her. “You are called fat, ugly, stupid, transsexual, feminine man, accused of using synthol, anything but nothing stops me, this is curvy muscle the natural way and I do it my way, my unique self,” she said of the . “I put no weight on negative mindsets,” said Koorn. “There will always be people that think they know better or can do it better, but this journey is mine and I will do it my way.” Koorn continued, “This is curvy muscle the natural way … my unique self.”