Fashion model Jeremy Ruehlemann died at the age of 27, friends and industry professionals announced Sunday. The young model’s cause of death was not revealed publicly. The New Jersey native had walked and modeled for designers including Christian Siriano, John Varvatos, Superdry, Perry Ellis and more. He also appeared in publications like GQ and Playhouse Magazine. Siriano shared a touching tribute to Ruehlemann on Instagram Sunday. “I have never posted anything like this but to lose a friend who was such a beautiful soul is just really hard,” the “Project Runaway” star wrote. “This is for Jeremy, the most beautiful man that gave so much love to everyone he met no matter what.” Siriano described the model as one of his “muses” and sent his love to his grieving family and friends. Fellow model Lexi Wood penned a heart-wrenching post in remembrance of Ruehlemann, who she described as her “soulmate” and “bestfriend” as well. “[I]f you have ever known me you know how much I love jeremy,” she wrote in the caption of an Instagram post. “I can’t even articulate the magic that he was. I met jeremy when I was 15, the day I met him I knew my heart would be full forever, he’s my soulmate, my bestfriend, my support, my family, my light, my love, my twin flame… I could go on and on because he was so special.” The post included a series of photos of the pair together as well as past messages shared between the two sharing their love for one another. Wood said she had just seen Ruehlemann on Thursday. “But I think what was the most special thing about him was that he was walking sunshine, he made everyone feel like they were the most special in the room, when he went anywhere it was like there was a light beam on him,” Wood added. “His love will eternally flow through this world.” Singer Demi Lovato commented on the Instagram post offering her condolences. “Sending so much love,” Lovato wrote. Halston creative director Ken Downing also paid his respects to the late model. “Goodbye Sweet Jeremy. R. I. P. Jeremy Ruehlemann. Love to your family who you adored, as much as they love and adored you,” he wrote in an Instagram post with several broken heart emojis. “I am heartbroken.” Ruehlemann, who was represented by Soul Artist Management, posted a behind-the-scenes photo from a Tommy Hilfiger shoot on his own Instagram page just days before his death.