Maybe Brett Maher could foresee a not-so-long future with the Dallas Cowboys. The embattled 33-year-old kicker, who failed four different times to score extra points for the team in Monday’s playoff game against the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, purchased a roughly 3,800-square-foot home in Nebraska two months before officially signing on with the Texas team. On June 1, 2022, Maher bought a four-bedroom, three-bathroom home in Lincoln for $670,000, records obtained by The Post show. In what’s now his third stint with the team, Maher signed on to play for the Cowboys on Aug. 9, 2022, in a one-year contract for $965,000. Maher’s football journey has not been a stable one. The Nebraska native has sporadically jumped from team to team throughout his career, playing for 10 different teams since 2013, including some years for the Canadian Football League. His newly purchased home is a Stucco ranch build — and features a private office, a workout room and a secluded second-floor loft. High-end features include plantation shutters, electric shades on the deck and even a basketball court, the previous listing notes. There are also recreation room and wet bar areas. Marsha Artz and Daria Springer with HOME Real Estate held the listing. As for Maher’s future in Dallas, Cowboys owner Jerry Jones wants to take things one day at a time. Speaking Tuesday on 105.3 “The Fan,” Jones said the Cowboys will “read this thing as the week goes along.” “Well, I think the first thing you do is talk about how isn’t it great to have that the number one thing we need to correct or the number one thing we need to address. I think that shows everything about not only how we played, but where we are with this team right now,” Jones said, according to Mark Lane of The Texans Wire. “Make no mistake about it we got to have the same week of preparation. Now, over to our kicker. This is a classic case of looking at what he’s done for this team and done on the field all year, not just last night. And, so, but kicking is a technical thing. It has everything to do with the — just frankly mentally having it all together when you step up there. And, so, we’ll read this thing as the week goes along. I don’t want to get out over skis and get ahead of it.”