A Georgia woman has been charged with murder for allegedly killing an elderly married couple at a Florida senior living community on New Year’s Eve. Vickie Williams, 50, appeared in court remotely Saturday and was ordered held in the Lake County Jail without bond for the killings of Darryl Getman, 83, and his 80-year-old wife, Shannon Getman, in the Watertown Village retirement community in Mount Dora, reported the station KBTX. Williams — who had already been charged with grand theft of a motor vehicle for allegedly stealing the victims’ car — faces two counts of first-degree murder. More than a week after the slayings, police still have not disclosed how the Getmans died, and no motive has been released. Investigators previously said the fatal attack appeared to be a random, “once-in-a-lifetime event,” and the suspect had no known ties to the area. Mount Dora Interim Police Chief Mike Gibson said during a press conference last week that on the afternoon of Dec. 30, Williams, “dressed in a particular way,” was escorted out of the Waterman Village complex by security. But the woman stayed in the area, and just before 11 p.m. knocked on an apartment door, asking a resident if she could use her shower. The female tenant became fearful and pressed an alarm button, causing Williams to flee with a set of keys she found near the door, according to police. Just after 2 a.m. the following morning, the Getmans’ car, a green Kia Soul, was seen leaving the retirement community. At around 4 p.m. that same day, Darryl and Shannon Getman were found dead inside their apartment. Police tracked down the murdered couple’s stolen Kia with Williams inside in Savannah, Georgia, 280 miles north of the crime scene and arrested the woman last Tuesday. She was initially described as a person of interest before being named a suspect in the double homicide. The Getmans had lived in Mount Dora for 20 years. They are survived by their grown son and daughter and their grandchildren. “If there are words to describe what has happened and its impact to our family and the community, we have not found them,” the couple’s heartbroken children said in a statement. Williams is due back in court for an arraignment on Jan. 30.