Throughout its illustrious 84 years, Rockefeller Center has constantly evolved — both at the ground and bird’s eye levels. The Art Deco icon designed by Raymond Hood initially comprised 14 buildings, as well as public art, fountains and gardens, when it was completed in 1939. John D. Rockefeller’s creation was conceived as a “city within a city” that would “represent a new kind of internationalism,” architect Adam Rolston told The Post. Its Channel Gardens — gently sloping downwards from Saks Fifth Avenue to the main sunken plaza — got its name from the two Fifth Avenue structures it separates: the British Empire Building and La Maison Francaise. The passageway uses forced perspective to bring the rink’s famous bronze statue of the Greek god Prometheus — his punisher, Zeus, looks down on him from above the lobby entrance at 30 Rock — closer to passersby. But, like all cities, things change. Most recently, Rock Center revamped its lower level to better reflect its original vision as a broad, open space meant to be enjoyed by the world. The Channel Gardens “became the inspiration for the renovation of the lower level,” said Rolston, who led the rink-level revamp. “It has this beautiful art to it and neoclassical shapes.” Here’s a look at Rolston’s re-do, which also took inspiration from the 30 Rock lobby, and more modern changes to an NYC classic. The new lower-concourse redesign has doubled the open space along with ceiling heights and brought Prometheus — and the rink — into full public view. Most notably, the old Sea Grill restaurant is gone, which had previously commanded the best views of the ice rink (and now a roller rink in summer). Newly installed glass doors now offer easy access to the outdoor courtyard — offering a desperately needed breath of fresh air to visitors. “You literally couldn’t tell your whereabouts before. Were you still in the subway? Were you in Rock Center? It was literally a maze and there was no there was no public access, visually, to the rink from from the lower level,” Rolston said of the previous iteration’s design flaws. Three new restaurants now surround the rink — without spoiling any of the magnificent sight lines. The u-shaped veggie-centric Five Acres stands back from Prometheus, while Korean fine-dining destination Naro and pasta-and-wine spot Jupiter flank either side. There’s a brand-new song and dance atop Radio City Music Hall. Nine stories up, there’s a new half-acre park for tenants boasting birch trees and a “great lawn” with picnic chairs and tables. Blissful rooftop gardens and green spaces are actually a common theme at Rockefeller Center. Eleven of the 14 original buildings have them. The most recent rooftop addition fully realizes Radio City’s original design, which, in its early days, had a roof that had been used for tennis, shuffleboard and other games. The observation deck and tourist favorite on top of 30 Rock is also slated to get some new upgrades, with construction starting this year. Coming soon is a rotating photo-op photo ride that puts visitors on a steel-like beam that mimics the famous 1932 Rockefeller Center photograph of 11 ironworkers enjoying “Lunch Atop a Skyscraper.” These folks will be strapped in — unlike the original crew. Another addition that’s in the works is a  viewing platform called “Skylift.” Shaped like an inverted telescope, it will sit 30 feet above the existing 70th floor platform to offer enhanced views of the Big Apple.