Rep.-elect Jim Jordan delivered an impassioned plea on the House floor Tuesday in support of Rep.-elect Kevin McCarthy’s speaker bid and outlined three objectives Republicans​ should pursue while in control of the chamber. The Ohio Republican addressed his GOP colleagues after McCarthy (R-Calif.) failed to win the speaker’s gavel on the first ballot because of opposition from a number of hardline conservatives. Jordan encouraged Republicans to lay aside their differences and get behind McCarthy. “​To my friends here on this side of the aisle, I would just say this: The differences we may have ​… pale in comparison to the differences between us and the left​,” he said. Jordan, who was himself nominated for speaker by Rep-elect. Matt Gaetz (R-Fla.) on the second ballot, said Republicans should focus on three objectives because “that’s what the people want us to do.” “We have a border that is no longer a border. We have a military that can’t meet its recruitment goals. We have bad energy policy, bad education policy, record spending, record inflation, record debt and a government that has been weaponized against ‘we the people,’ the very people we represent,” Jordan said. He said the first thing Republicans need to do is pass “legislation to address all that.” “And I hope my Democrat colleagues will join me. I really do. But I have my doubts. And if they don’t, if Chuck Schumer says, ‘No, we’re not going to take up that legislation’ that we pass and if Joe Biden won’t sign it, so be it. They’ll have to answer to the people in 2024,” Jordan said. “We have to pass a budget that makes sense, that’s good common sense​. ​Then do the 12 appropriation bills that recognize​s​ the people’s money, not ours, and send it to the Senate and then stand firm on that legislation​,” he said to cheers from most of his Republican colleagues. “If they will take it up​ ​a​nd Joe Biden won’t sign it​, we can stand firm ​… we can have that fight​,” Jordan said. He also said Republicans can no longer be a part of legislation like the $1.7 trillion omnibus spending bill that passed Congress last month. The Ohioan, who is on track to lead the House Judiciary Committee in the 118th Congress, said Republicans need to conduct proper oversight and investigations of the Biden administration. “This idea that bureaucrats who never put their name on a ballot but think they run the country, who have assaulted our constituents​’​ First Amendment liberties, they need to be held accountable​, that has to happen,” he said. “We need to do it in a way that’s consistent with the Constitution, but we need to do it vigorously and aggressively. That is part of our duty ​a​s members of this body​.”