She’s putting the “cheap” in “cheaper by the dozen.” A stingy mom of 12 says she outlawed luxuries from her home and only buys her brood the bare necessities. Supersaver Courtney Rogers, 38, resides on a farm in New Mexico with her husband Chris, 38, and their 12 kids: Clint, 12, Clay, 11, Cade, 10, Callie, 9, Cash, 8, Colt and Case, 7, Calena, 5, Caydie, 4, Caralee, 3, Caris, 2, and Cambria, nine months. Amid ongoing inflation, the ginormous family is only able to get by because of the mama’s strict budgeting skills. This month, Rogers has even implemented a “no spend January” plan prohibiting the purchase of anything but basic groceries. “The idea is a spending freeze after the holidays are over,” the super-saving mama told NeedToKnow.Online, saying she needs to save after splashing $100 per child on Christmas presents for her kids. “It involves no eating out or takeout,” she explained of her cash-saving scheme. “You’re basically just purchasing any groceries you don’t have at home.” Rogers added that she has also banned movie rentals, new streaming services and clothing purchases for the entire month “No outings that cost money and no fun purchases are allowed such as toys and home decor,” the budgeting brunette further declared. In order to cut costs when she does have to stop off at the grocery store, the mom does “meatless Mondays” — opting to cook cheaper vegetarian meals for her growing clan. The thrifty family lives on a 12-acre farm where they raise pigs and chickens, which help with their food supply. “This month I’m trying to come up with 31 different suppers … using the eggs and pork from our farm,” Rogers explained. However, the mom admits that her supermarket stops are still expensive, saying the family can go through six loaves of bread a week and 80 pints of milk. “My goal is to do one big shop a week. However, we usually have at least one more quick stop for more milk, bread and fresh produce,” she revealed. However, thanks to the mom’s thrifty tricks, the generous family is still able to give to others. This past Christmas, the Christian clan even invited strangers into their home for a delicious homecooked meal. “We had a traditional ham dinner on Christmas Eve and invited widowers and lonely people to join us,” Rogers said.