“Tasteless” and “trash.” That is how Colts interim head coach Jeff Saturday described the snow-angel celebration Kayvon Thibodeaux unveiled after sacking — and, as it turned out, injuring — quarterback Nick Foles in the second quarter of the Giants’ 38-10 playoff-clinching rout. Saturday, speaking to reporters Monday in Indianapolis, also said Foles is “really sore” with a ribs injury that will keep him out of the Colts’ season finale against the Texans. Thibodeaux ended Foles’ afternoon with a blind-side sack that sent Foles to the turf. While Foles stayed down, Thibodeaux, the rookie outside linebacker, got down on his back, right next to Foles, to perform a celebratory snow angel. Afterward, Colts center Ryan Kelly called the Thibodeaux celebration “horses–t” and added, ”Hopefully his teammates will — maybe one day he’ll learn that injuries happen in this league, you never want to happen to the guy that you’re going against.” Thibodeaux, the No. 5 overall pick in the 2022 NFL Draft, in the locker room after the game said, “When I did realize he was hurt, that’s when we started getting up. When you’re doing a celebration, you’re not looking to see who’s doing what. But I hope he gets well and I hope he’s alright.” A day after the game, Giants coach Brian Daboll was asked about the Colts’ irritation about the Thibodeaux celebration. “That’s a good question for Kayvon,” Daboll said. “I think he answered that and addressed it yesterday. I’m quite sure he didn’t know the player was hurt. Kayvon’s a good young man and I know he responded to questions about that yesterday so I’ll leave that to him.” Saturday also said he was disappointed that the Colts’ offensive linemen did not have Foles’ back on the field and go after Thibodeaux, a rare public shot by a head coach at his players. When Thibodeaux got to the sideline, he turned to face the cheering crowd and put his hands to the side of his face, a “good night” or “go to sleep” gesture, referring to either Foles or the Colts while Foles was still getting checked out by medical personnel. The Giants led 21-3 at the time. Foles eventually got to his feet and walked off the field. He was replaced by Sam Ehlinger, who Saturday said will start the final game of the season for the Colts, who are 4-11-1.