Chris Russo does not like the idea of 25-year-old Stetson Bennett winning consecutive college football championships. Comparisons of Bennett’s age with various professional athletes in and out of the NFL have been plentiful this week. He’s older than Brock Purdy, Trevor Lawrence, Jalen Hurts and Justin Herbert, all of whom are starting in the playoffs this weekend. On SiriusXM’s “Mad Dog Unleashed” after Georgia demolished TCU 65-7, Russo excoriated this as unfair competition. “I have a major problem with Stetson Bennett, at 25 years of age, playing college football,” Russo said. “I can see it for one year. Last year he won. Burrow was 23 going on 24 when he won. But 25 years of age, playing quarterback for Georgia, he should’ve left after last year. “I didn’t know that he was that old. I understand we have punters who are 50 from Australia punting. But I have a problem with a 25-year-old playing against 19-year-old kids. I had a problem with [Chris] Weinke doing it for Florida State when he won the Heisman [when he was 28]. I didn’t vote for him for that reason.” Russo recognized that Bennett was a great story, but he’d had enough. “And I understand that Bennett story is a hell of a story,” the “Mad Dog” continued. “We all know about the walk-on, and [being] told to leave. I understand that. But he’s older than 10 NFL quarterbacks! He’s older than Justin Herbert, Jalen Hurts. He’s the same age as Lamar Jackson. And it’s not like he didn’t win last year. He won last year.” Russo wondered where the line is drawn, saying that Bennett is a man and not a kid. “If you’re 40 you can play?” he asked. “What is the cut-off date? When do we sit there and watch a college athlete and say that this is ridiculous? He’s this old playing against a bunch of 19-20 year-old kids? This is absurd. What is the age? Thirty? There’s gotta be an age where this is enough already. Thirty-one? When do we begin to think that a guy with an 11-year age experience has a physical and mental advantage over his competitors?”