An award-winning therapist says that Prince Harry is “trauma dumping on a mass scale” — and could be “traumatizing” other people who have lost a parent. Self-proclaimed “Trauma Expert” Danny Greeves has been following the drama that sparked from the release of Harry’s controversial memoir, “Spare,” and its many shocking allegations about the “death cult” royal family. “Trauma dumping is a term used to describe the sharing of a trauma with another person without their consent,” Greeves, 34, told Jam Press. The BBC Radio personality claims the Duke of Sussex could unintentionally be harming the mental health of those who are grieving — by oversharing sensitive details. “The whirlwind of media following Harry and Meghan’s documentary and television interviews and the release of Harry’s book could be perceived as trauma dumping on a mass scale,” said Greeves, who was hailed as one of the top nine life coaches of 2022 by USA Today, “The focus here should be on how many other people who have experienced the death of a parent may be being triggered.” Greeves wanted to share his thoughts on how the 38-year-old royal could be impacting people “who have not consented or wanted to hear this information” and that there wasn’t “consideration” for his audience. “It may have been wiser to give greater warning and caution to those who are sensitive to those subjects,” he said. However, Greeves noted that sharing trauma can be appropriate in the right time and place. “Sharing the events of a trauma in a supportive, safe space can be a key step in the journey to healing for many people,” he explained. “The purpose of sharing the trauma is to begin processing the experience with the hope of moving toward a recovery.” Opening up about traumatic experiences is often seen as healing — but in the right context. “With so many people believing the purpose of these trauma stories is for financial gain (whether that is the case or not), Harry has already seen his popularity slide.” Prince Harry has certainly lost popularity recently, with a YouGov survey revealing that just 26% of Brits have a positive view of his disturbing revelations about the royal family. Meanwhile, the therapist does believe that the release of Harry’s memoir is part of a strategic p.r. move. “Harry is in the midst of a well-thought-out p.r. strategy — working to raise as much awareness for his documentary and his book as possible, [which is perfectly understandable],” Greeves said. “Harry’s story taps into that primal desire of the public to hear the story of someone who goes from tragedy to triumph.” Though he believes this is all part of a publicity stunt, Greeves doesn’t deny that Prince Harry has been through a lot in his life. “Whatever you think of him, he is a victim of many traumas in his life, even though a former member of the Royal Family, members of the public may struggle to relate with that, so his portrayal has to be carefully considered and might have been handled better by his team.” He added, “There are both advantages and disadvantages of Harry and Meghan (Markle) sharing their story, and it’s up to each individual to decide, based on their own past experiences, if it is content that can help them on their journey.” It was recently reported that Markle, 41, had “gentle concerns” over the release of her husband’s memoir and wondered if it was the “right move.”