Eight in 10 (81%) parents think educators should spend time teaching things outside of academics, such as soft skills and current events. A survey of 2,000 U.S. parents of children ages 0–6 found 62% prioritize their young ones learning soft skills before they’re eight years old, compared to 37% who put math at the forefront. The most important character traits for kids to learn early in life? Honesty and respect, according to one in five parents. Conducted by OnePoll on behalf of Kiddie Academy Educational Child Care System for International Day of Education, the survey also found financial literacy (61%) topped the list of non-academic skills schools should focus on in early childhood, followed by sewing or knitting (46%) and internet safety (45%). Eight in 10 (81%) parents also want their children to have an understanding of current events. This includes learning about different cultures (60%), the environment (49%), scientific advancements and discoveries (47%) and technology (47%). Additionally, nine in 10 believe social issues should be part of the early childhood curriculum. Sixty-six percent said children should be taught about the various forms of discrimination that exist in society, followed by healthcare topics such as affordability and access to treatments (61%) and human rights (55%). The top three teachable moments parents think are most important to include in a child’s early education? Listening to professionals (such as scientists, authors, software engineers) talk about their field (51%), discussing the news (48%) and reading a book together (44%). “It’s great to see parents recognizing the importance of soft skills in and outside the classroom,” said Joy Turner, vice president of education for the Kiddie Academy brand. “Along with traditional academics and healthy living habits such as fitness, soft skills need to be part of a developmentally appropriate curriculum that helps students learn at their own pace.” Of the 1,219 parents polled whose children attend school or day care, 95% consider it important that their child’s school reinforces the same values they’re learning at home. And while nearly nine in 10 (87%) deem their kid’s school curriculum sufficient, parents continue to be actively involved in their child’s education. To that end, a similar amount (95%) set aside at least two hours a week to talk to their children about what they’ve learned in school. “Our research shows parents want to extend the lessons their young ones learn beyond the classroom,” Turner added. “In addition to parents acknowledging the importance of non-academic skills in their children’s lives, 92% believe STEAM (science, technology, engineering, arts and math) should be taught at home, a similar amount to those who want it taught in school (88%). We’ve found the highest quality education programs have a strong focus on the school-to-home connection that fosters family engagement.”