There was speculation in 2022 that guitar virtuoso and Rock and Roll Hall of Famer Carlos Santana wouldn’t be able to tour anymore after a handful of shows were cancelled due to a health scare. However, the 75-year-old has since recovered from the heat exhaustion and dehydration he suffered last year and is back at it in 2023. From Jan. 25 all the way until May 28, Santana has 21 concerts lined up at Las Vegas’ House of Blues as part of an ongoing residency at the venue as well as a few one-off gigs in California and Texas including one makeup show in Dallas with former co-headliners Earth Wind and Fire. Best of all, we found tickets going for as low as $48 before fees at the time of publication. Plus, he’s also set to shred at this year’s star-studded New Orleans Jazz Festival which takes place April 28 through May 7. Other headliners set to take the stage at the multi-weekend celebration of music include Dead and Company with John Mayer, Ed Sheeran, Lizzo, Wu Tang Clan and Kenny Loggins to name just a few. So, if you want to see the man who brought the world “Black Magic Woman,” “Smooth,” “Oye Como Va,” “Evil Ways” and “Maria, Maria” live, here’s everything you need to know.  A complete calendar including all upcoming tour dates, venues and the cheapest tickets available for each concert can be found below.  (Note: The New York Post confirmed all above prices at the publication time. All prices are subject to fluctuation and include additional fees at checkout.) Vivid Seats is a verified secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand. They offer a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and your tickets will be delivered prior to the event.  Starting April 28 and running all the way through May 7, many of the biggest names in music will be hitting the Big Easy for the annual two-weekend extravaganza. Just a few of the megastars other than those mentioned above include The Lumineers, Mumford and Sons, Jon Batiste, H.E.R. and Robert Plant with Alison Krauss. Steve Miller Band, Trombone Shorty, Gary Clark Jr., Tedeschi Trucks Band, Kane Brown are set to perform as well. Weekend passes and single-day passes for the mega festival can be scooped up here.  Although Santana is getting up there in years, he’s still creating. In 2021, the dexterous player released not one but two (!) albums. First up was “Blessings And Miracles” which features Chris Stapleton, Rob Thomas, Steve Winwood, G-Eazy, American Authors and many more. Somehow, “Splendiferous” is even more star-studded. Just a few of the major players who appear on the record include Steven Tyler, Tina Turner, Will.i.am, Seal, Macy Gray and a handful of other vocalists you know and love. You can hear both of Santana’s latest offerings here.  As noted earlier, Santana is considered one of the all-time guitar greats. Therefore, it’s only natural that he instructs a Master Class on how to play the six string. If you’ve always wanted to pick up a longneck and play a solo of your own, you can sign up for his Master Class here.  Like Santana, many of your favorite stars from yesteryear are getting up there in the age category. In fact, quite a few classic rockers you know and love are now grandparents. Therefore, it’s imperative you see them live sooner rather than later. Here are just five you won’t want to miss in the next few months. • Bruce Springsteen and the E Street Band • Dead and Company with John Mayer • Billy Joel with Stevie Nicks • The Eagles • Journey Need an encore? Check out our list of the 22 biggest classic rock acts on tour in 2023 here.