We can’t fight this feeling anymore — we can’t wait for REO Speedwagon’s 2023 Tour. The seminal ’80s rockers are currently midway through their nationwide concert tour that will take them and their timeless anthems all over North America from January through August. This time around, they’ll bring the hits you know and love to venues as far-ranging as Las Vegas to Puerto Rico. And while it may seem like business as usual — we certainly expect the group to bust out the hits like “Can’t Fight This Feeling,” “Take It On The Run” and “Keep On Loving You” — one major component is changing.  For the first time in 35 years, keyboardist and founding member Neal Doughty will sit out this run of shows. “I want everyone to know that it was all that traveling that finally got to me,” Doughty shared on the band’s official Instagram. “I always enjoyed playing the shows and looking out to see all the loyal fans who allowed me to do this for so long.” So, if you want to see who will take his place — or if he surprises audiences by showing up — you can by snagging tickets now. If you act fast, you might just score a great deal too. In fact, we found some tickets going for as low as $38 before fees on Vivid Seats at the time of publication. All prices are subject to fluctuation.  A complete calendar featuring all of REO Speedwagon’s upcoming tour dates, venues and links to the cheapest tickets available can be found below. (Note: The New York Post confirmed all above prices at the publication time. All prices are subject to fluctuation and include additional fees at checkout.) Vivid Seats is a verified secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand. They offer a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and your tickets will be delivered prior to the event.  When you see REO on the road, it won’t just be Kevin Cronin and co. at your show. The classic rockers have lined up  an eclectic list of performers set to open for them on the road. Here’s what you need to know about their support acts that just might be at the concert you attend. Sir, Please, a funky, Agoura Hills-based quartet, features Kevin Cronin’s sons Shane (lead singer, piano) and Josh (bass, background vocals) with two of their best friends. Listen closely enough to their laid-back tropical pop sound and you’ll hear REO’s influence. John Waite was the lead singer for the Babys and Bad English but most likely you know him from his smash single “Missing You.” Most recently, he dropped his tenth studio album “Rough & Tumble” in 2011. Levon isn’t quite what one would expect on an REO show — they’re a country band. However, they buck expectations by emulating The Eagles and Crosby, Stills, Nash and Young which makes them a perfect fit for the tour. Chris Trapper‘s music might sound familiar if you saw the films “There’s Something About Mary” or “The Devil Wears Prada.” The American singer-songwriter has lent his music to a number of movies and TV shows over the years. His most recent album “Cold Water Waltz” was released in October 2020.  Time really flies. Blink and the ’80s were somehow over 30 years ago. Thankfully, many of the greatest artists from the decade are still hoofin’ it around the country this year. Here are just five of our favorites you won’t want to miss in the next few months. • Madonna • Bruce Springsteen and the E Street Band • Metallica • The B-52s • Billy Joel with Stevie Nicks