Surviving a freak car fire last year somehow didn’t stop 72-year-old comedian Jay Leno. Apparently, neither did a dangerous motorcycle accident that left him with several broken bones. Rather than rest and recuperate, the former “Tonight Show” host will fulfill his tour date obligations and perform to audiences all over North America at his 15 shows from Feb. 2 through April 8 which include gigs at Salamanca, NY’s Seneca Allegany Events Center on March 18 and Englewood, NJ’s Bergen Performing Arts Center on April 8. And you needn’t fear — Leno claims he’s fine. “I’m OK,” Leno told the Las Vegas Review Journal. I’m working. I’m working this weekend.” While you might think tickets would cost an exorbitant amount to see this death-defying, septuagenarian comedy legend, we’re happy to report that that’s not always the case. In fact, we found some tickets going for as low as $58 before fees on Vivid Seats at the time of publication. All prices are subject to fluctuation. Now, here’s everything you need to know about how you can see Jay Leno live in 2023.  A complete calendar including all tour dates, venues and links to the cheapest tickets available can be found below. Note: The New York Post confirmed all above prices at the publication time. All prices are subject to fluctuation and include additional fees at checkout.) Vivid Seats is a verified secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand. They offer a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and your tickets will be delivered prior to the event.  As noted earlier, Leno sustained major injuries after two car accidents this year. In mid-December, a car garage explosion, left him serious facial burns. “The fuel line was clogged, so I was underneath it,” Leno, 72, explained to Hoda Kotb in an NBC News “Today” show interview. “And I said, ‘Blow some air through the line.’ And suddenly, boom, I got a face full of gas.” More recently, he disclosed that  he got knocked off his motorcycle. He then disclosed he has a “a broken collarbone…two broken ribs (and) two cracked kneecaps.” Still, he was able to joke about it. Whether his punchline is any good is up to the eye of the beholder. You can check out his hot take on what transpired here.  If you’ve been meaning to binge Leno’s famous car show, you can starting literally right now. All seven seasons of the long-running, recently canceled show where Leno “explores all things automotive” can be streamed on Peacock. Guests on the show include Sting, Jeff Dunham, Adam Carolla, Gabriel Iglesias and Alonzo Bodden. The show was dropped by CNBC after the network announced they were looking to air reruns of “Shark Tank,” and “Undercover Boss” as well as original business documentaries during primetime hours.  We’re in the middle of a boom era for comedy fans. Many of the biggest names in funny have nationwide tours mapped out all year long. Here are just five of our favorite, can’t-miss tours that may be coming to a city near you in the next few months. • Steve Martin and Martin Short • Jerry Seinfeld • Kevin James • Jeff Dunham • Bill Maher Sticking around for an encore, eh? Well, if that’s the case, we recommend you check out our list of the 51 biggest comedians on tour in 2023 here.