If you expect billionaires and political weasels to save the Earth, then you’ll love the World Economic Forum at Davos, Switzerland. The Swiss government assigned up to 5,000 Swiss troops to protect its attendees — except from prostitutes charging them $2,500 a night. Self-worship is obligatory in Davos. John Kerry, Joe Biden’s special presidential envoy for climate, hailed his fellow attendees as “extraterrestrial” for their devotion to saving the Earth. Never mind that they all flew there on private jets. WEF is whooping up the “Great Reset” — “ ‘building back better’ so that economies could emerge greener and fairer out of the pandemic.” But people around the globe are still recovering from the last time WEF stampeded policymakers. “WEF was hugely influential, championing every form of COVID control from lockdowns to vaccine mandates,” observed Jeffrey Tucker, president of the Brownstone Institute. Freedom of speech is the greatest barrier to inflicting the Great Reset. Accordingly, the biggest peril the self-proclaimed “Global Shapers” are targeting is “The Clear and Present Danger of Disinformation.” WEF searched long and hard to find an eminent disinformation panel host to incarnate Davos values. They selected Brian Stelter, a former anchor who was too damn squirrely even for CNN. The star of the panel was New York Times publisher A.G. Sulzberger, who proclaimed that disinformation is the “most existential” of “every other major challenge that we are grappling with as a society.” Sulzberger boasted, “When we make mistakes, we acknowledge them in public and we correct them.” Except for RussiaGate, its 1619 Project fairy tale, and a few dozen other howlers. Former New York Times editor Jill Abramson slammed the Times for being part of the Davos “corrupt circle-jerk.” The Davos pro-censorship fervor was epitomized by panelist Vera Jourová, European Commission vice president. She declared that the United States “will have soon” laws prohibiting “illegal hate speech” like Europe has. But the speech that politicians hate the most is criticism of government. Panelist Rep. Seth Moulton (D-Mass.) blamed “misinformation” for not being able to “get people to take a COVID vaccine.” But the false claims by Biden and top officials that vaccines prevent infection and transmission weren’t misinformation — they were just typos. The #TwitterFiles recently revealed that federal officials pressured Twitter to suppress 250,000 Twitter users (including journalists). But according to WEF scoring, that wasn’t an outrage — instead, it was a tiny down payment for a Higher Truth. (Twitter’s new owner, Elon Musk, was not invited to Davos.) WEF is calling for a “Global Framework To Regulate Harm Online” — i.e., worldwide censorship. But the WEF offers one of the best illustrations of how denunciations of “disinformation” are self-serving shams. In 2016, WEF put out a video with eight predictions for life in 2030. The highlight of the film was a vapid millennial guy pictured alongside the slogan: “You will own nothing and be happy.” This bizarre notion was no WEF aberration. Last July, WEF proposed slashing ownership of private vehicles around the globe. And then there was the WEF pitch to save the planet by having people eat insects instead of red meat. But according to WEF managing director Adrian Monck, the WEF has been the victim of a horrible conspiracy theory sparked by the “own nothing, be happy” phrase. Monck sought to absolve WEF because the phrase in the video came from “an essay series intended to spark debate about socio-economic developments.” They didn’t really want to turn everyone back into serfs. How dare you criticize the billionaire elite with their own words? That’s misinformation! According to WEF, individual freedom is a luxury that citizens can no longer afford. Would-be tyrants can always find lofty pretexts to enchain their victims. Yes, John Kerry, you are extraterrestrials — from one of those movies where the aliens try to conquer the Earth.