A California mother of four known as “the dancing hiking queen” posted heartbreaking video of herself moments before she slid hundreds of feet to her death on an icy slope. Crystal Paula Gonzalez-Landas, 56, was reportedly hiking on the icy Baldy Bowl on Mount Baldy when she slid an estimated 500 to 700 feet on Sunday. The San Bernardino County Sheriff’s Department received a call about an emergency signal from a GPS device after the incident, KTLA reported. “The hiker was down on a steep and icy hillside, surrounded by numerous helpful hikers assisting in any way they could,” police said. The sheriff’s patrol chopper responded and hoisted the woman, but she succumbed to her injuries before she could be flown to a hospital. The victim was not initially named, but she was later identified by family and friends as Gonzalez-Landas, who posted a short Facebook video of herself, the Daily Mail reported. “It’s go time! Lots of people out today,” she says in the pre-dawn darkness as she wears a head lamp. “Many know her as the dancing hiking queen or hiker for life. She’s known in the community for her fearless hikes, and daily dose of inspiration,” her daughter Jasmine Rosado wrote in a GoFundMe page. “More importantly, she was an amazing mother of four, a sister and a friend to everyone she met. She is the personification of strength, love, and beauty. She was a beacon of light to everyone who knew her and was always ready to lend a helping hand,” Rosado, of Covina, wrote. Four days before the accident, Gonzalez-Landas posted a chilling video showing the dangerous conditions, with cascading snow as she loses her footing. “This stuff is dangerous!!!!! Beware hikers …,” she captioned the video. According to the San Bernardino Sheriff’s Department, Gonzalez-Landas is the second person to have died on Mount Baldy. “Many fall victims are reported on the same mountain in the winter season. We encourage hikers to please come prepared and hike responsibly,” it said. “Wear appropriate clothing for the colder weather conditions and have the proper snow and ice gear with you,” the department added.