An Ecuadorian woman who lost both of her arms and one of her legs after a childhood accident now works as a full-time model — inspiring tens of thousands of people all around the world. Victoria Salcedo, 26, was forced to have her limbs amputated at the age of 6 after she accidentally touched an electrical wire with a stick and suffered third-degree burns. Over the ensuing years, the brunette became accustomed to using her right leg to complete daily tasks such as eating and doing her hair and makeup. After being fitted for a prosthetic leg, Salcedo started to work out and soon became hooked on exercise. “I never thought I’d be an influential person for other people,” she told Viral Press of her unexpected career as a model and influencer. “But I like to share my life with others. I like people writing to me and asking me questions, for them to know that they can count on me.” Salcedo, who lives in Guayaquil, was spotted by a modeling scout at the age of 19, and soon became in demand in the industry in spite of her missing limbs. The stunning brunette further helped redefine ideas about beauty by competing in the Miss Ecuador pageant in 2021. “I didn’t go there to be accepted. I went there to represent my country, to represent myself as a woman, to represent myself as a soul being, as another form of beauty,” she stated. Salcedo boasts more than 170,000 followers on Instagram — many of whom have praised her for her beauty and enthusiastic approach to life. “You are the miracle of God,” one fan fawned beneath a recent photo, while another added that she is “so inspiring.” Salcedo hopes her visibility will prompt people to think differently about other amputees. “I use what I’ve lived through, what I’ve learned, and I share that,” she explained. “To me, inspiring others is an opportunity to change people’s minds. It is a chance to share part of myself with others.” Salcedo isn’t the only inspiring amputee to hit headlines of late. Last year, Utah teen Sarah Frei went viral after she was seen wakeboarding and skydiving after a double amputation. The 19-year-old was forced to have both of her legs cut off after she was hit head-on by a drunk driver in 2020.