Eddie Murphy doesn’t mind working a weekend shift. The “Saturday Night Live” alum said Wednesday he would “absolutely” return to host “SNL” after going viral for poking fun at Will Smith during the 2023 Golden Globes on Tuesday. “Absolutely. Looking forward to going back and doing it,” said the “Shrek” actor while talking to the press backstage at the awards show, according to Entertainment Weekly. “We would’ve did it this last year, but I was working on a movie. “But I absolutely will go back and do it again. I’m so happy that I did,” he said, recalling that he returned to Studio 8H to host on Dec. 21, 2019 — 35 years after his last time at the job. Murphy was celebrated at the 80th Golden Globes and given the Cecil B. DeMille award for his contributions to the film industry. The “Nutty Professor” actor slapped audiences silly when he dropped Will Smith’s name in his acceptance speech. “I want to let you know that there is a definitive blueprint that you can follow to achieve success, prosperity, longevity and peace of mind,” Murphy stated. “There’s a blueprint, and I followed it my whole career. It’s very simple, it’s three things. You just do these three things: Pay your taxes. Mind your business … And keep Will Smith’s wife’s name out of your f–king mouth!” Murphy later clarified why he made the joke, which poked fun at Will’s Smith infamous slap at Oscars host Chris Rock during last year’s Academy Awards. “I’ve worked with Jada,” explained Murphy, mentioning Will’s wife, Jada Pinkett Smith. “I love Will. I love Will, and I love Chris — and it’s all love,” explained Murphy. Murphy joined the cast of “SNL” in 1980 when he was just 19 years old and appeared in 65 episodes of the comedy show. Murphy also created several iconic characters such as Mr. Robinson, Gumby and Velvet Jones before leaving in 1984. The comedian won a 2020 Primetime Emmy Award for his “SNL” hosting gig — his third time doing so — the previous year. If he returned for a fourth hosting visit, he would be one step closer to joining a select group of celebs — including Paul Rudd, John Mulaney, Steve Martin, Tina Fey, Alec Baldwin and Tom Hanks — that have hosted the show at least five times. “Saturday Night Live” is slated to return on Jan. 21. “The White Lotus” and “Emily the Criminal” star Aubrey Plaza will host, alongside musical guest Sam Smith. “Black Panther: Wakanda Forever” actor Michael B. Jordan and singer Lil Baby will pop by on Jan. 28. 