After 50 years, Kansas’ time together could hardly be classified as “Dust In The Wind.” Over the course of the past half century, the hard rocking, Southern prog classic rockers have entertained audiences all over the world with their mega hits like “Carry On Wayward Son,” “Dustin In The Wind” and  “Point of Know Return,” and now, in 2023 and 2024, the band will do it all over again on their “Another Fork In The Road Tour.” From March 23 all the way to Jan. 28, 2024, the band will celebrate their 50th Anniversary by performing at Theaters, Concert Halls and Performing Arts Centers all over North America. As a cherry on top, the band promised they’ll bust out a few “deep cuts that have rarely been played live” in an Instagram announcement post. No need to worry either, New Yorkers. Midway through the 10-month run, Ronnie Platt and co. will make their way to Rochester’s Kodak Center on July 1 and Brookville’s Tilles’ Center Concert Hall on Oct. 13. Tickets shouldn’t be too expensive either. At the time of publication, we found seats going for as low as $58 before fees on Vivid Seats for select shows. All prices are subject to fluctuation. So, if you want to see the Kansas natives — they’re originally from state capital, Topeka — here’s everything you need to know about Kansas’ 50th Anniversary “Another Fork In The Road Tour.”  This year and next, Kansas have a whopping 54 shows scheduled. The celebratory trek through the U.S. and Canada gets underway on March 23 at Winterhaven, CA’s Pipa Event Center. From there, the band will hit big cities like Pittsburgh’s Benedum Center (June 2), Detroit (June 17), Chicago (July 15), Portland (Sept. 9) and Memphis (Oct. 27). Ironically, they won’t be playing in Kansas. Kansas City, MO, yes, but not Kansas proper. Kansas will wrap their mega run of shows at Fort Lauderdale’s Broward Center Au Rene on  Jan. 28, 2024. A complete calendar featuring all upcoming tour dates, venues, show start times and links to buy tickets can be found here.  If your band has been together for more than 50 years (Kansas actually started with the band name “Reasons Why” in 1969), there will be a bit of turnover within your group. And while many members have come and gone, a few of the longest running players have stuck it out and, um, those wayward sons are still carrying on. Today’s members of Kansas include drummer Phil Ehart, guitarist Rich Williams, vocalist and bassist Billy Greer, violinist David Ragsdale, co-lead vocalist Ronnie Platt and keyboardist Tom Brislin.  Many acts that have defied the odds and continue to perform well into the 2020s after breaking out in the 1960s and 1970s will tour this year. Here are just five of our favorite, can’t-miss that may be coming to a venue near you in the next few months. • Bruce Springsteen and the E Street Band • Ringo Starr • Dead and Company featuring John Mayer • Eagles • Journey Need even more classic rock in your life? Check out our list of the 22 biggest classic rock acts on tour in 2023 here.