Alec Baldwin is chopping $4 million off the price of his Hamptons farmhouse, which he first listed for $29 million in September. The 18th-century property is now on the market for $24.9 million. Over the years, the actor and his wife Hilaria could often be spotted in restaurants around Amagansett — where the home is located at 335 Town Lane — and it’s where the couple and their six kids (a seventh child has since been born) reportedly hunkered down during the pandemic. Baldwin also has an eighth child, the fashion model Ireland, with his Oscar-winning actress ex-wife Kim Basinger. The Baldwins have also been shopping their $16 million West Village spread at Devonshire House on East 10th Street off-market, and they sold their upstate lake house in Cleveland, N.Y., for $530,000 in July, The Post reported. At the same time, the Baldwins bought a $1.75 million 55-acre farm in Arlington, Vermont, which dates to the 18th century. That purchase came months after the accidental 2021 shooting death of cinematographer Halyna Hutchins on the New Mexico set of “Rust,” when Baldwin discharged a gun that was being used as a prop, which also injured director Joel Souza. The killing was ruled an accident but the family has filed a wrongful death suit. The Hamptons property sits on 10 acres and overlooks an agricultural reserve. It’s a traditional shingled, two-story home, which Baldwin bought for $1.75 million in 1996. At 10,000 square feet, the home now features four bedrooms, five baths, two powder rooms, a chef’s kitchen, a wine tasting room, a wood-paneled library and a screening room. There are also 1,276 square feet of covered porches and two upper-level balconies. Outside, there’s a custom pavilion with a fieldstone fireplace, a 20-by-50-foot pool, a spa and a vegetable garden — along with approved plans to expand the home by 1,200 square feet, adding a second-story study, another bedroom and a covered terrace. Private stables can also be built on the reserve, according to the listing. Per reports, the property was originally built in 1753 as a two-story “saltbox” and converted to a two-story home in the 1790s. It then moved from its original location nearby to its current spot, and was remodeled around 1913 by architect Joseph Greenleaf Thorp of Grey Gardens fame. However, according to a Curbed Hamptons’ interview with developer Jeffrey Collé, who restored the home for the Baldwins, the structure was completed between 1697 and 1702, and moved across frozen fields by oxen in 1756. Meanwhile, the current listing dates the home’s origin to 1740. The listing brokers are Scott Bradley and Michael Cinque of Saunders & Associates.