Multiple witnesses called 911 in the immediate aftermath of the single-vehicle car wreck that killed University of Georgia offensive lineman Devin Willock and team staffer Chandler LeCroy – and the audio, obtained by TMZ, is horrifying. At least five separate people called 911 from the scary crash scene on Barnett Shoals Road in Athens, Ga. “There’s been a horrible accident,” a male caller told the operator. “There’s arcing wires. There’s people on the floor of the crashed vehicle. We think someone might be dead. I think one person made it out of the vehicle, but there’s someone on the ground.” One woman, who lived in an apartment right in front of the crash scene, said it happened so close to her building that she couldn’t even go outside. “I can’t even get out my front door to see if anyone’s okay. It’s right in front of my apartment door,” the woman said. According to witnesses, the car – which was driven by LeCroy, 24 – collided with a power pole and then another utility pole, slicing it in half before hitting a tree. The car then spun out and smashed into another tree on the side of the car where Willock and LeCroy were seated. Multiple transformers blew as a result, with those at the scene describing the chaos to the 911 operator. “All the electricity keeps exploding out here,” a man said. “There’s been three different explosions … oh my god, there’s another one. There’s a major live wire out here. I mean, like, large, loud explosions.” “There’s a power line down. I just saw it explode behind me,” another caller described. “There are people underneath it, I’m not sure if they’re ok. You might need first responders.” One woman at the scene even thought the loud noises were gunshots. “I’m calling because I’m hearing multiple gunshots go off in the streets,” the woman said, describing the scene as “loud bangs and bright lights and everything.” “It was a car accident, and there were transformers blowing,” the 911 operator responded. Police said that Willock, who was sitting in the back seat, was not wearing a seat belt at the time of the crash and was ejected from the vehicle. LeCroy was wearing a lap and shoulder restraint, but still succumbed to her injuries after being transported to the hospital. Warren McClendon, another offensive lineman, was sitting in the passenger’s seat. He was wearing a seat belt and only suffered minor injuries. Another staffer, Victoria Bowles, was sitting in the back seat and was not wearing a seat belt, either. She was hospitalized and remains in critical condition with serious injuries.