This “pretty privilege” beef is getting pretty ugly. Self-crowned beauty queens are virally complaining that their smoking hot looks come as a curse, claiming “insecure” women often bar them from socializing with their husbands and boyfriends because they’re just “so pretty.” But now, the allegedly less-than-confident ladies are hitting back at the divas with some ugly truths. “Your energy is making your girlfriends not want to have you around their man, it’s not your looks,” TikToker Amber Khan, 45, from the Upper West Side, told The Post. “Everybody loves Rihanna. She’s the most gorgeous woman in the world — her and Beyoncé,” Khan, an astrologer, continued. “If [the pretty privilege curse] is all about beauty being so alienating, why are Beyoncé and Rihanna front and center at everybody’s wedding?” “These are genuinely gorgeous women, and the women making these claims [online] are not earth-shatteringly beautiful,” she said. Khan’s slam of so-called the “pretty privilege curse” went viral on TikTok, raking in over 515,700 views. In the circulating clip, the New Yorker deemed the “pretty” behavior as “hoe s- -t,” and stitch-edited in a video from TikToker Shye Lee, who says she’s regularly mistreated by women because of her innate allure. “Some people won’t invite you around their boyfriends or guys that they like or they won’t even talk about guys just because they literally think that you’re going to steal their man,” said Lee, 29, from Orlando, Fla., in the stitch, adding in the closed caption that she’s experienced pretty discrimination at least seven times. “You get excluded from a lot of things just because of how you look.” Lee previously told The Post that her female friends have ridiculed her for wearing sexy outfits and have asked her not to speak when their significant others come around. But Khan says the shunning has less to do with a pretty girl’s physicality and is more about the self-proclaimed bombshell’s insecurities. “There are very few people that are so beautiful that people are just alienating them for no reason,” Khan told The Post. “It’s that your relationship with your body is so twisted that you give off ‘I need affirmation vibes,’ and you go out of your way to start talking and acting different as soon as a man walks in the room,” she scolded. “You can call it being a ‘Pick me,’ You can call it being insecure, you can call it the ‘pretty privilege curse’ if you want to victimize yourself,” said Khan. “But to gaslight women and say, ‘I should be able to behave however I want with your significant other without you saying something about it or else you’re insecure,’ is a red flag.” And online, the majority of the more than 4,000 commentators beneath Khan’s TikTok agreed. “Yesss I told an ex-friend this. She was doing so much when my husband was around and when confronted, she said I must be insecure,” wrote one user. “I’ve had friends that I wouldn’t consider the hottest and they can’t turn off their sexual energy around my man,” another said, in part. “I wouldn’t even care if a woman didn’t introduce me to her bf or husband. I have no reason to meet him. Keep your husband I have my own, lol,” a separate supporter joked. Others in the comments agreed equally with both Lee and Khan’s opposing positions. “Personally for me I find that both can be true,” chimed actress Julia Fox. “I think it’s both. The women who are conventionally attractive & get unwanted male attention. The women who know they’re attractive & test boundaries,” penned another middle-of-the-roader. But Khan tells The Post that she hopes the pretty privilege dispute stops with her. “It’s f- -king ridiculous,” she said. “It’s a circular argument that doesn’t go anywhere, it just ensnares narcissistic tendencies.” “There’s nothing about this [debate] that benefits anyone. It’s baseless.”