Get ready to spin cycle your way to savings. This long President’s Day Weekend, Best Buy is offering hundreds of dollars off a wide range of appliances, including dryers, dishwashers, refrigerators, and more. And if you’re in the market for a new washing machine, this sale is a real spin-sation. Hold for applause. Washer machines might not be the most glamorous household item, but they’re an essential part of any good-smelling, well-functioning home. And with Best Buy’s President’s Day Appliance Sale, you can upgrade your laundry game (alongside your fridge game, dishwashing game, coffee game, and more games) without breaking the bank. With top brands like Samsung, LG, and GE products on sale, you’ll have no problem finding the perfect appliance to suit your needs. Need a high-capacity dishwasher for a big family? How about a washing machine that can tackle tough, set-in stains? This President’s Day Weekend, Best Buy’s got your back. Better yet: It’s not just the big-ticket items that are on sale. Best Buy is also offering discounts on small appliances like toaster ovens, coffee makers, and air fryers. Below, we’ve rounded up 14 of our favorite appliance deals from Best Buy certain to breathe new life into your home. You don’t need us to explain microwaves to you; you know a good one when you see one. Just look up. Save over $30 on this GE Microwave, and get to popcorn’ing and leftover’ing. Save nearly $100 on this Amana Front Control Dishwasher, and marvel as your dishes come out cleaner than ever, thanks to Amana’s Triple Filter Wash System, a combination of three wash filters, sure to scrub even the smallest spots from your plates. This sleek, handsome Large Capacity Top Load Washing Machine from Samsung is over $150 off from Best Buy this President’s Day Weekend. Cut down on wash time with the Super Speed Wash option, able to complete a full load in just 28 minutes. Earn even bigger savings on this Maytag High Efficiency Smart Top Load Washer, priced down $180 this weekend at Best Buy. Want to boost Maytag’s stain-fighting capabilities? Just press the “Extra Power” button, and let ‘er rip. Time to upgrade the icebox. This top-of-the-line Garage-Ready Top-Freezer Refrigerator from GE is capable of storing a whopping 21.9 cubic feet of food. Or sodas. And that’s a lot of sodas. What good is a Smart Gas Dryer, even with 7.4 Cubic feet of space, and marked down $270 this President’s Day, if you can’t stack it? Luckily, LG thought ahead, and ensured that their high-powered dryer is able to be stacked on top (or bottom) of their Stackable Smart Front Load Washer. The LG High-Efficiency Stackable Smart Front Load Washer is also marked down $270, just like its above twin. Better yet: AI tech in your new High-Efficiency washing machine can automatically detect the fabric type, and will select the best wash for you. Save $120 on this white on white Top Load washing machine from GE. With 4.5 Cubic feet of space, six washer settings, and six wash temperatures, you’ll be sure to get the wash you want, everytime. Getting a brand new LG Electric Dryer is nice. But getting a brand new LG Electric Dryer for $250 off? That’s the sort of nice that only happens on President’s Day weekend. Yes, you read that right. This French Door Smart Refrigerator from LG is $1,200 off for Best Buy’s President Day Weekend Appliance sale. Never worry about picking up that extra case of La Croix again. Believe us, there’s room. So many problems in life result from not enough pizza. Get your priorities straight, and pick up this Smart pizza oven from one of our favorite brands, Breville, for $200 off this weekend. Sometimes you don’t need the whole pot. Pour yourself a single morning cup with the Keurig K-Slim Single-Serve Coffee Maker, now $40 off from Best Buy. Everyone loves air fryers. Do you know what everyone loves just as much? Double the space, and $50 off the list price. Get frying by next week with the Ninja Foodi 2 Basket Air Fryer, now just $180 from Best Buy. It’s a toaster! It’s an oven! It’s the Ninja Foodi Convection Toaster Oven, priced down a sweet $60 this President’s Day Weekend from Best Buy. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.