A Florida teacher is under fire for using students as “political props” in TikTok skits — including one that shows white kids bowing down to their black classmates. Ethan Hooper, a sixth-grade language teacher at Howard Middle School in Orlando, was put on leave after parents complained about several eyebrow-raising videos he posted to his personal TikTok page. In one video, white students fan, feed and bow down in front of several black classmates to commemorate black history month. In another, Hooper had his kids take aim at Florida Gov. Ron DeSantis’ crackdown on books deemed inappropriate for young kids. The Republican governor’s “Stop WOKE Act” compels school districts to remove texts that espouse critical race theory, along with books containing sexually explicit prose or illustrations. In the clip, the teacher walks around the room snatching benign books — including Harry Potter — from kids as they read them, announcing that anything related to race and black history is prohibited. DeSantis has pushed back on that narrative, however, noting that the teaching of black history is mandatory in Florida public schools. While the students appear to be giggling during the unorthodox lessons, displeased parents have accused Hooper of injecting politics into the classroom and enlisting students as participants. “If one of the teachers was using my kid for political gain, that would upset me,” Howard Middle School dad CJ Johnson told Click Orlando. “What if I don’t believe in that, and, you know, that’s not what I’m teaching my kid.” The backlash only intensified when right-wing Twitter account Libs of TikTok shared the clips on social media. “He needs to lose his job now. He can take his issues to adults in the system. Instead, he used children he’s supposed to be caring for on a personal social media account,” one critic fumed. “I wonder if his activism is a part of the curriculum? I’m gonna go out on a limb and guess, no,” another added. Others also took aim at Hooper for posting his student’s identities online. “What is a teacher doing on social media during school hours, much less posting his students’ identities?,” a detractor questioned. Orange County Public Schools superintendent said he was “appalled” by the “inappropriate” videos, which he said used students as “political props.” “I am appalled at the behavior and judgment of the teacher who posted the inappropriate videos using his students as political props,” Maria Vazquez said in a statement. “This is not free speech — it is the exploitation of our students for political purposes and it will not be tolerated in our school district.” In another clip, Hooper’s students mockingly chant that “books are bad” and “I shall not read books” — and closes with a kid hiding in a separate room while reading. Critics of DeSantis’ act have argued that the governor is imposing conservative values onto Sunshine State teachers. Meanwhile, several students and parents have also come forward to defend Hooper, calling him a popular and dedicated educator undeserving of punishment. “We all agreed to it,” student Jaida Jackson told WESH, noting that she was in one of the clips. “He didn’t really do anything wrong.” But the school district’s Media Manager Michael Ollendorf said Hooper’s fate has likely been sealed. “Any employee of who creates videos or other content with students in an effort to exploit them for political purposes will be immediately removed from the classroom, placed on administrative leave and swift action will be taken to terminate employment,” he said in a statement.