The craziness of the more than a half-billion dollars paid out in contracts last offseason for announcers to call NFL games will come to its head on Super Bowl Sunday. Joe Buck and Troy Aikman won’t be on your screens, having left for five-year deals, which added up to a combined $165 million, to be the voices of ESPN’s “Monday Night Football.” So Fox enters Super Bowl 2023 with a rookie big-game team of Kevin Burkhardt and Greg Olsen — and no worries, according to the network’s executive producer. “There are one thousand things to worry about the week of the Super Bowl, Greg Olsen going out there and doing an amazing broadcast is not on my list,” Fox Sports’ Brad Zager told The Post. With Fox Sports thinking it might set an all-time Super Bowl record with more than 115 million viewers, Olsen has a chance to make a long career for himself. If he can have a strong game, he will be in the conversation to either remain at No. 1 on Fox or be in line for any top job that opens. If you are into sports media, that storyline is a pretty compelling one. Olsen has become sort of the “People’s Choice,” because the “love him or hate him” Tom Brady is sitting in the background with a Fox deal in place. The quarterback is taking a year off after he retired following a 23-season career so he can pick dandelions and ask himself: Should I or shouldn’t I go through with this 10-year, $375 million deal to work a little less than half the year? No one should feel badly for Olsen, because, before just his second season in the booth, he received a new five-year contract, which would be worth $50 million if Olsen retains the top spot. If Brady takes over in 2024, then Olsen would be shifted to the No. 2 spot and his salary would drop to $3 million. While Olsen’s future is in Brady’s hands in some regards, Olsen has some control. He is just 37 and could have a long career, especially if he does well on Super Sunday. “When I got this job, Greg was my first pick,” said Zager, who hired Olsen as Fox’s No. 2 analyst behind Aikman when Olsen was still an active player. “I was all about making sure Greg Olsen was there at the time. He was below Joe and Troy. But once we saw what Greg could do during a full season, we had no doubts. I just loved Greg Olsen. “If you could design from scratch, somebody coming off the field to the broadcast booth, you would give them so many characteristics that we see in Greg every day. His passion for broadcasting, his passion for being part of the production crew, his passion for learning and getting feedback and being coached to be better and zero ego. “He just came in and was like, ‘I’m the new guy here. I want to be great at this, help me get there.’ And I think what people at home have seen is the sum of all those things.” The main thing Olsen doesn’t possess is being a former quarterback, a Cowboy or having played in New York. That is what network executives generally look for — with NBC’s Cris Collinsworth an outlier. Next year, CBS has the Super Bowl. After that, Fox has the big game again. If Brady decides to go into the booth, he would be on the call in 2025. If Olsen does well on Sunday, it will be Brady having to live up to Olsen’s reputation instead of the other way around. Olsen played in one Super Bowl, which his Panthers lost to the Broncos. Now, it’s kind of funny. Olsen, as an analyst, could be one and done or, since he is so young, this might just be the start of Olsen being a big part of the Super Bowl for decades. Fox will have a slightly different graphics look for Super Bowl Sunday. Zager said they had discussions about not doing it, but traditionally networks unveil a new look, trying to distinguish the Super Bowl from regular-season and playoff games. Zager said it won’t be as drastic as their last Super Bowl three years ago, but it will modernize the look even more. Fox Sports CEO Eric Shanks said on John Ourand’s and my podcast that the elements of having the most-watched Super Bowl in history are there, but there is some luck involved, including the game being tight. The most viewers occurred for Super Bowl XLIX between the Patriots and Seahawks in 2015, when 114.4 million people watched.