Hats off to Harrison Ford. “Indiana Jones” icon Harrison Ford is set to join the Marvel Cinematic Universe as General Thaddeus “Thunderbolt” Ross in the upcoming “Captain America: New World Order.” Ford is replacing the late William Hurt who previously portrayed the character, also known as the Red Hulk. Ford, 80, revealed in a new profile for the Hollywood Reporter why he decided to join the superhero mega-verse after decades in the film business. “I thought, ‘Everybody else seems to be having a great time.’ I watch all these terrific actors having a good time,” Ford explained. The “Blade Runner” actor added: “I like doing something different to what I’ve ever done and pleasing people with it. So I’ll try a piece of that.” William Hurt previously portrayed the Red Hulk in several films, starting with “The Incredible Hulk” in 2008, and ending with “Black Widow” in 2021. Hurt passed away in March 2022 at the age of 71. Sam Elliot also played General Ross in the 2003 Eric Bana-led flick “Hulk” before Hurt took over. Elsewhere in the interview, Ford divulged how there are no age jokes in his forthcoming movie “Indiana Jones and the Dial of Destiny.” The fifth installment of the action-adventure series hits theaters later this year and de-aging technology is being used to make the “Air Force One” actor look younger. “There were a lot of old jokes in the script,” Ford told the outlet. “We took them all out.” He went, “There is a moment where [Jones] observes himself in this situation and says, ‘What the f— am I doing in here?'” “But I hate what I call ‘talking about the story.’ I want to see circumstances in which the audience gets a chance to experience the story, not to be led through the nose with highlights pointed out to them. I’d rather create behavior that is the joke of age rather than talk about it,” he said. Ford also wasn’t too keen on using tech to give him a more youthful appearance for the new movie. However, he came around to it once he saw footage of himself looking different. “I never loved the idea until I saw how it was accomplished in this case — which is very different than the way it’s been done in other films I’ve seen,” the Oscar-nominated screen legend added of the de-aging process. The “Star Wars” alum continued: “They’ve got every frame of film, either printed or unprinted, of me during 40 years of working with Lucasfilm on various stuff. I can act the scene and they sort through with AI every f–king foot of film to find me in that same angle and light. It’s bizarre, and it works, and it is my face.”