A non-stop church service at a small Kentucky Christian college is taking the US and parts of Europe by storm — with worshippers Sunday in their 11th straight day of praying. “The Asbury Revival” began as an ordinary morning church service Feb. 8 at Asbury University in Wilmore, Ky., where there’s a certain amount of required church attendance every semester.But after the final choir that Wednesday, students didn’t leave, according to Christianity Today. “They were struck by what seemed to be a quiet but powerful sense of transcendence, and they did not want to go,” Tom McCall, a professor of theology at the private college wrote in an essay for the site. “They stayed and continued to worship. They are still there.” McCall described the events as a “surprising work of God.” The revival service went viral on social media, with students from nearby colleges in Ohio and Indiana flockng to Asbury and filling the pews of the auditorium. Many said they learned about the nonstop service from TikTok, and wanted to join. Since then, word of the 24-hours-a-day revival spread across the country and world. “We just had some people arrive from Finland, from the Netherlands, they have been coming from all over the country,” Abby Laud, director of communications for Asbury University, told local TV station WKTY. Wilmore, outside Lexington and home to 6,000 people, has become overwhelmed by the crowds — its streets filled with long lines of cars from hundreds of miles away. The school set up overflow chapels and giant screens outside the auditorium to accommodate the crowds, and people braved cold temperatures to pray outside. “We would say there is just a spirit of the Lord in this place. Really, browed its way into the hearts and minds of our students, staff, faculty and our community,” said Asbury University president Dr. Kevin Brown, according to WKTY. Aniston McClellan, who traveled from Nashville to participate, marveled there were “no big lights or big media or anything like that. It’s proof the Lord is working. Right now” — calling it “amazing to see.” “We just wanted to be a part of that desperately,” she said.McCall wrote that “some are calling this a revival, and I know that in recent years that term has become associated with political activism and Christian nationalism.”“But let me be clear: no one at Asbury has that agenda,” he wrote. Asbury, which is non-denominational but aligned with the Wesleyan-Holiness movement, had a similar revival in the 1970s, though it didn’t last as long. The school announced that due to the swelling crowds, Sunday would be the last public evening service. Starting Friday, the school plans to encourage worshippers to take their prayers with them and spread the message elsewhere, according to Kentucky Today. “As part of Asbury’s intention of encouraging and commissioning others to ‘go out’ and share with others what they have experienced, evening services will be hosted at other locations and no longer held at Asbury University,” the school said in a statement. “We encourage guests to utilize these other designated facilities for worshiping and gathering. More information will be shared.”