The ‘Highway Desperado’ may be making a pit stop in your town this year. From July through October, country superstar Jason Aldean will tour all over North America as part of his upcoming ‘Highway Desperado Tour’ with special guests Mitchell Tenpenny, Corey Kent and Dee Jay Silver. On the run, the “You Make It Easy” singer has two huge New York gigs lined up too. First, he’ll play at Bethel’s Bethel Woods Center For The Arts on July 14. Two days later, Aldean is scheduled to headline at Saratoga Springs’ Saratoga Performing Arts Center on July 16. And if you want to see Aldean play tracks from his ambitious double-album “Macon” and “Georgia” live, you can secure tickets as early as today. Although inventory isn’t available on Ticketmaster until Friday, Feb. 17, fans who want to ensure they have seats ahead of time can purchase on sites like Vivid Seats before tickets are officially on sale. Vivid Seats is a secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand. They have a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and will be delivered before the event.  Prior to the official 41-concert tour, Aldean has two one-off gigs scheduled. First, he’ll perform at Houston’s Houston Rodeo at NRG Stadium on March 6; then, on June 24, he’s set to play North Platte, NE’s Wild West Arena on June 24. Once the tour officially begins, Aldean has shows in Cincinnati (July 21), Atlanta (Aug. 5), Charlotte (Aug. 10), Chicago (Sept. 9) and Denver (Oct. 7). The Highway Desperado will conclude his run of shows at Tampa’s MidFlorida Credit Union Amphitheatre at the Florida State Fair Grounds on Oct. 28. A complete calendar including all upcoming Aldean tour dates, venues, show start times and links to buy tickets can be found here.  Most recently, Aldean released his heartfelt, holiday “Christmas In Dixie” single in late 2022. Before that though, the two-time Country Music Awards winner unleashed his double album “Macon” and “Georgia” to the world in 2021 and 2022 respectively. Want to catch up on Aldean’s latest records? You can listen to “Macon” here; “Georgia” can be heard here.  The Highway Desperado is bringing a few friends along with him on the summer tour. Here’s what you need to know about each of Aldean’s special guests. Mitchell Tenpenny, 33, is a Nashville-based country singer-songwriter known for his anthem “Drunk Me.” In 2022, Tenpenny dropped the 20-track record “This Is The Heavy” which blends pop, country and rock effortlessly. Corey Kent exploded onto the music scene in 2015 when he competed on NBC’s “The Voice.” Since then, Kent has become a successful artist in his own right having released two popular albums that spawned mega singles like “Ain’t My Day” and “Gold.” Dee Jay Silver was the first ever DJ signed to a Nashville record label. His unique sound mashes and blends hip-hop, rock, house and country to create a unique sonic experience unlike anything you’ve ever heard. We recommend starting with his party-starting, genre-defying “Dixieland Delight” featuring Nappy Roots.  There’s no shortage of country stars hitting the road over the next few months. Here are just five of our five favorite acts you won’t want to miss when they come to a city near you. • Geroge Strait with Chris Stapleton • Zac Brown Band • Luke Combs • Kenny Chesney • Thomas Rhett Looking for more options? Check out our list of the 52 biggest concert tours in 2023 here.