PORT ST. LUCIE — Pete Alonso was “super happy” for teammate and friend Jeff McNeil upon learning the second baseman had agreed to a contract extension with the Mets last month. But when it comes to his own situation, Alonso isn’t about to say whether he would be open to a long-term deal before reaching free agency following the 2024 season or if any such discussions with the Mets have occurred. “I don’t feel comfortable talking about any contractual stuff,” Alonso said Wednesday. The Mets first baseman avoided arbitration by agreeing in January to a contract that will pay him $14.5 million this season. The salary is a record for a first baseman in his second season of arbitration eligibility. Alonso last season produced a .271/.352/.518 slash line with 40 homers and led MLB with 131 RBIs. It marked the second time in his career Alonso hit as many as 40 homers – he blasted 53 in winning NL Rookie of the Year honors in 2019. Aaron Judge most notably bet on himself in declining an extension from the Yankees before reaching free agency. Judge last season mashed 62 homers and hit the jackpot in free agency, where he received from the Yankees a nine-year deal worth $360 million. Alonso was asked if Judge’s approach of betting on himself was one he had considered in his own situation. “There’s a lot of speculation, but for me I am really happy to be here, really happy to be a Met and I’m really looking forward to this year,” Alonso said. “I just really want to come here and work hard and focus on the 2023 season. “This is really a special group of guys. I love this team. I love representing the city of New York. I love representing the New York Mets and it’s a great place to play and I am really happy where I am at. Regarding the future, I don’t know what it holds. I am a New York Met in 2023 and stoked to be here and we have a hell of a team and it’s going to be a really exciting season.” The Mets bought out McNeil’s final two years of arbitration eligibility and two additional of free agency by agreeing to a four-year contract worth $50 million. McNeil wouldn’t have hit free agency until he was almost 33 years old, no small factor in considering such an extension. Alonso would be staring at free agency as a 30-year-old. As someone who has twice landed big free-agent contracts, Max Scherzer was asked what advice he would give to a player headed in that direction for the first time. “When you walk through those doors, make sure you know what you are here for,” Scherzer said. “You’re not here for the contract. You’re here to win. And if you’re here to win, trust me, the contract will happen. That is all you have got to know.” Alonso will join Paul Goldschmidt in playing first base for Team USA in the World Baseball Classic. It’s an event he says can better prepare him for postseason baseball. Alonso’s playoff debut occurred last October in the NL wild-card series. “I don’t think [the WBC] is really adding games,” Alonso said. “You are just replacing spring training games with games in Arizona on an international stage. So for me to play those meaningful baseball games, I feel like they will come in handy later in October and hopefully November. I have only played in three major league playoff games. Hopefully those high-intensity games can give me experience so I can really just help the team win and advance and experience a championship.”