Jeepers creepers, where’d you get those peepers? An NYC native is garnering major eyeballs online due to her preternaturally huge peepers — which have earned her comparisons to Gollum from “Lord Of The Rings.” A now-viral video compilation of the optically-endowed woman bug-eyeing the camera has racked up over 22 million views on TikTok. “People say all kinds of crazy things about who or what I look like,” said Samantha McNab, 21, of her large lenses. “I’ve gotten everything from Tim Burton characters, bugs, Nicole Richie, Mr Bean, Gollum, cartoon characters… there’s almost nothing I haven’t heard before.” The born New Yorker, who currently resides in Florida, even claims gawkers think she suffers from thyroid problems such as Graves disease — in which an overproduction of thyroid hormones causes the sufferer’s eyes to swell until they bulge out of their head. However, she insists that her enormous orbs are 100% natural. “I’ve gotten tested in the past, big eyes are just in my genes and run in my family,” declares McNab. Like Dumbo with his oversize ears, the burgeoning social media sensation has learned to embrace her colossal corneas, which she frequently uploads videos for the viewing pleasure of her more 270,000 followers on TikTok. McNab’s most viral clip to date entails a montage of her bugging her eyes out to full mast like Judge Doom from “Roger Rabbit.” Needless to say, gawkers were awestruck by over the gal’s supersize assets with one commenter writing: “Real life Tim Burton character — I’m jealous.” “It‘s giving that one short horror film,” said another, while one viewer wrote, “The last one is terrifying.” “This is how my mom used to look at me when I’d act up in public,” quipped one TikTok wit of McNab’s ocular anomalies. Another joked that it reminded them of themselves trying to “stay awake in class.” Meanwhile, other commenters compared the influencer to the bug-eyed titular character from the Pixar flick “Rango.” McNab has learned to take the verbal eye pokes in stride, claiming that she now finds “a lot of the comments pretty funny. “I mean even I think the things that I can do with my eyes and the way I look can be weird and kind of scary, but people love it,” the human tarsier declared. Thankfully, not all the commentary has been negative. “I’ve gotten so many direct messages and comments from young girls saying how they have big eyes and have always been made fun of or bullied for it but my videos help give them the confidence they need,” McNab gushed. “That to me is the most rewarding.” She summed up the experience like this: “I tell them that I love having this unique thing about me that allows me to stand out from other people in a good way – so why not embrace it?” McNab’s not the first to turn her anomalous appearance to her advantage on social media. Connecticut’s Samantha Ramsdell, who holds the Guinness World Record for the biggest mouth, has garnered over 3.5 million followers on TikTok by posting videos of herself consuming everything from sandwiches to marshmallows using her jumbo jaws.