Sen. Kyrsten Sinema ignited Twitter over the bright yellow dress she wore at President Biden’s State of the Union address Tuesday  — with social media users cracking jokes over the flamboyant outfit choice. Sinema’s loud dress with giant ruffle sleeves jumped out among a sea of Congress members in black and navy business attire, and many on Twitter said it was an obvious attention-grabbing stunt. “Kyrsten Sinema……tell me you’re desperate for attention without telling me you’re desperate for attention,” Twitter user Jason Rector wrote with a screenshot of the C-Span broadcast showing her dress in stark contrast to the dark colors worn by her colleagues. And attention did the lawmaker get. “Why did kyrsten sinema [sic] wear her Big Bird floaties to the State of the Union? Was she expecting a water landing?” Roger ZenAF questioned in a tweet. Another tweeter also compared her look to the Sesame Street character. “Not sure about that outfit Kirsten Sinema decided to wear to the State of the Union Speech,” Roshan Rinaldi captioned a photo of Big Bird seated among guests in an auditorium. Others saw a different child television show character in Sinema’s outfit choice. “Who wore it best? Kysten Sinema or LaLa [sic]?” Jennifer Theut tweeted, referring to the yellow Teletubby. The shocking color wasn’t the only noteworthy feature to dissect. Twitter users also poked fun at the dress’s oversized sleeves. “Did the airbags on Kyrsten Sinema’s outfit deploy during the State of the Union?” user Gabe Sanchez tweeted. Others theorized that former-Democrat-turned-Independent was simply mistaken. “Kyrsten Sinema got confused and thought this was the Grammys,” writer Lesley Abravanel joked. Former California congressional candidate Dara Faye added to the awards show joke. “‘I’m just honored to be nominated.’ -Krysten Sinema on her State of the Union nomination for Best Supporting Actress in a Live Circus Performance,” she tweeted. Sinema’s bold style is known for turning heads in DC. She’s worn colorful wigs, floral ’50s-style dresses, knee-high boots and even a denim vest to the Senate chambers. The lawmaker’s style is not for everyone, but apparently interests some customers. In addition to her job in public service, Sinema reportedly runs a side-hustle, selling some of her used items like high-heels on Facebook Marketplace. Sinema wasn’t the only member of Congress mocked on social media for their State of the Union attire. Twitter users also got some jabs in at Rep. Marjorie Taylor Greene, who wore a cream coat with a fluffy, fur collar. “marjorie taylor greene and kyrsten sinema [sic] look like comedic-relief villains in a 90s final fantasy game,” MSNBC producer Manny Fidel tweeted. Many people said Taylor Greene’s look reminded them of Cruella de Vil, the villain of Disney’s 101 Dalmatians. “I believe Marjorie Taylor Greene plans to walk out of Biden’s State of the Union early so she can go home and steal more Dalmatians.” 