After a little more than a month on the market, the priciest rental in Brooklyn listed this year has found its renter. The lavish, terrace-topped duplex rented for the full asking price of $36,000 a month, said the listing broker, Sarah Williams, founder and CEO of SOCIETE Real Estate. The price is one of the highest rental prices in Brooklyn in the past five years — even after prices soared following the severe COVID dip. The airy apartment, all 3,200 square feet, has a panoramic view of Lower Manhattan. It came outfitted and furnished with high-end everything. “There’s nothing like it,” Williams said. The unit, atop the Pierhouse condominium at the intersection of Dumbo and Brooklyn Heights, came with nearly $250,000 in fixtures and furnishings. These include a $25,000 sectional sofa from Living Divani and a $9,300 dining table from Homenature. Two parties were interested, Williams said. One offered $29,000 a month, but the other went with the full asking price. “This was listed in the middle of winter — not the best time,” Williams said. “March through Thanksgiving is when things usually rent.” But she deemed it unnecessary to wait until spring. “A lot of people who love Tribeca like Dumbo and Brooklyn Heights, so I priced it as Manhattan pricing,” Williams said. “I felt it would pull people from Manhattan, and people would pay for this view and this luxury. People really love five-star luxury living.” The renter, who took a one-year lease, plans to use the place as a pied-à-terre. Inside, the main living floor includes four bedrooms, three of the four bathrooms, and a vast living space. Upstairs, more living and eating space overlooks the downstairs, mezzanine style. The “resplendent” rooftop terrace, with grills and seating, came with a gardener to boot. Right outside is the lush, landscaped Brooklyn Bridge Park, once a desolate industrial wasteland. The condominium unit was originally bought five years ago for a little more than $6 million when the building, Pierhouse, was new. Pierhouse adjoins 1 Hotel Brooklyn Bridge, and residents have access to plenty of hotel amenities — including the rooftop pool. The furniture is a bonus. With COVID delays, “getting furniture takes months, and it doesn’t matter if you are buying Ikea or the crème de la crème,” Williams said. “People are willing to pay a premium to move in tomorrow. They are not willing to sit on the floor waiting for their couch.”