Seacrest out! Ryan Seacrest has announced he is leaving “Live with Kelly and Ryan.” The 48-year-old TV and radio host revealed the shock news Thursday morning, six years after he joined the top-rated ABC daytime show alongside Kelly Ripa, 52. He cited his desire to relocate to Los Angeles as the driving factor in his decision to step down from the show. “This is something that [Kelly] and I have been talking about for a long time, and it was a tough, tough decision,” Seacrest stated. “Last year we spoke, and I made the decision to make this my last season as co-host.” The “American Idol” host said he will remain on “Live” until the spring. Ripa’s husband and frequent “Live” guest co-host, Mark Consuelos, has been announced as Seacrest’s replacement. The program will be rebranded as “Live with Kelly and Mark.” “The only person I can think of that is capable of holding [Ryan’s] torch the way [he has] held it would be my husband, Mark Consuelos,” Ripa declared. When asked for an official statement, Seacrest’s reps referred The Post to the star’s Instagram, where he posted a lengthy tribute to Ripa shortly after announcing his exit from the show. “I’m going to miss my work wife and all the laughter we share,” he wrote. “When I signed on to host Live in 2017 it was meant to be for three years, but I loved the job and working with Kelly so much that I extended my time and last year I made the decision to stay on for one more final season. “ “I’ve been grateful to be able to share a cup of coffee with our viewers everyday, one of the best parts of the gig,” he added. Seacrest vowed to regularly return to the show in a guest co-hosting capacity whenever he was in New York. He also offered his congratulations to Consuelos, whom he called “a brother.” Meanwhile, the show’s longtime executive producer Michael Gelman, also offered an on-air tribute to Seacrest. “Goodbyes are never easy, but we look forward to welcoming Ryan back regularly with open arms,” he declared. “Live” has been on the air nationally since 1988, when it was co-hosted by Regis Philbin and Kathie-Lee Gifford. The duo became a beloved fixture on morning television, before Gifford stepped down from the show in 2000. Ripa joined Philbin as co-host in 2001, with the show re-branded as “Live with Regis and Kelly.” The pair had a famously frosty relationship off-camera, but worked together for a decade. Philbin retired in 2011. Michael Strahan subsequently joined Ripa on “Live with Kelly and Michael” for four years before he moved to “Good Morning America.” Seacrest joined the show in 2017.