A GOP Florida congresswoman ripped a profile of her by the Washington Post as error-filled and   “incredibly racist,”  and the paper was forced to issue a correction — for claiming the lawmaker was once a Democrat. Freshman Rep. Anna Paulina Luna, who represents the state’s west coast, said the paper misrepresented basic facts about her life and falsely suggested she had leaned into her Hispanic heritage for political gain. “Holy s— the Washington post just tried to claim my dad was never incarcerated, left out comments from my mom, said I was a registered Democrat, and did not report a convo they had with a former roommate, and interviewed ‘family’ I don’t talk to. This is comical,” she tweeted after the article was published Friday. Luna, the first Mexican-American to represent the Sunshine State in Congress,  later told Fox News the outlet tried to “undercut my Hispanic heritage.” “It’s awful how they treat minorities. And the fact is, is that their undertone of their article was incredibly racist,” she said. “The Washington Post is composted and they should do better.” “The racist undertone of the article is pretty mind-blowing,” she added. “When you see how they treat minority conservatives, this isn’t about reporting the truth.” The paper, which alluded to a “sharp turn to the right” by Luna, issued a correction later Friday after claiming she had once been a registered Democrat. “A previous version of this story incorrectly stated that Anna Paulina Luna was registered as a Democrat in Washington state in 2017 based on an erroneous voter registration database. Washington state only requires voters to declare their party affiliation when they cast a ballot in a presidential primary,” the outlet wrote at the top of its article. And the paper tacked on an additional “clarification” after claiming that her roommate in Missouri was the only person in a police report filed after a home invasion in their apartment. “Luna’s roommate in Missouri was the only person interviewed by police after a break-in at their apartment; she was not the only person mentioned in the police report,” the paper clarified. Luna — who was born Anna Paulina Mayerhofer — but now uses her mother’s last name, accused the paper of coming after her because of her tough questions during a hearing Tuesday for former Twitter censor Yoel Roth. “I went after Yoel Roth and Twitter for exposing them for being joint state actors,” she said.   “I do believe they are trying to attack my credibility.” A rep for the paper did not respond to a request for comment from The Post.