Are Tommy Fury and Molly-Mae Hague married? The internet was buzzing after the British boxer called Hague “my Mrs.” in an emotional speech after he defeated Jake Paul via split decision in Saudi Arabia on Sunday. “I want to dedicate this fight to my baby girl Bambi at home and my Mrs.,” a crying Fury said in the ring after handing Paul his first career loss. “I love you and I can’t wait to see you. This fight was for you. This belt is for you Bambi, I love you.” Fury and Hague — a British fashion entrepreneur and influencer — welcomed their first child, Bambi, on Jan. 23, 2023. The couple met during the fifth season of “Love Island” in July 2019, and have been dating since. Although the new parents have sparked engagement speculation on a number of occasions, they are not believed to be engaged or married. It’s possible that Fury’s “Mrs.” reference was a nickname or a sweet shoutout in the heat of the moment. The couple has not addressed the wedding speculation publicly. Hague shared a screen-grab of Fury’s quote to her Instagram Story and added a white heart emoji. The creative director of Pretty Little Thing also shared a photo of her and Fury kissing as she held their baby girl. “The pressure that was on this boy’s shoulders… I will never ever know how he dealt with it,” Hague wrote over the photo. “Never been more proud anyone in my life. GET HOME TO US OUR CHAMP.” Prior to their long-awaited bout, Paul trolled Fury over his relationship with Hague, calling her the “bread winner” of their family. “He’s getting paid $20,000 a fight… Minus taxes, he can only pay for so many diapers,” Paul said during an interview with BT Sport Boxing. ‘It’s a hard business and so this is his biggest payday and he’s going to actually be able to support his family a little bit if he gets a good wealth manager and invests his money properly. Molly was probably like, ‘yeah bro, I’m tired of being the breadwinner of this relationship.’” Paul later congratulated Fury and his family in a tweet that read: “Don’t judge me by my wins, judge me by my losses. Congrats to Tommy, his team and his family. Thank you to everyone that tuned in. Saudi Arabia thank you as well. I will be back.” Fury defeated Paul in a split decision win after eight rounds in the ring on Sunday. The fight was two years in the making after Fury backed out of two previously scheduled bouts with Paul. He withdrew from their first fight in December 2021 due to illness and injury. The second bout, which was scheduled for August 2022 at Madison Square Garden, was cancelled after Fury was unable to gain entry into the United States.