A homeless career criminal was arrested for trying to rape a woman in a Queens bathroom — one of at least three terrifying attacks on women in the Big Apple last week, police said Thursday. Damel Dennis — who has been busted 37 times previously — allegedly exposed himself to the 34-year-old victim as she left the bathroom of a building at Crescent Street and 41st Avenue in Dutch Kills around 10:40 p.m. Feb. 8, cops and police sources said. The woman tried to shut the door on him — but he pushed his way inside, grabbed her by the face and attempted to pull her pants down, cops said. Her screams alerted a good Samaritan — who stepped in and scared the creep off, prompting him to run toward the Queensboro Plaza subway station. Acting on an anonymous tip, Port Authority cops picked Dennis up around 5:30 p.m. Wednesday at the Port Authority Bus Terminal, sources said. Dennis, 43, was charged with burglary, attempted sex abuse and public lewdness, cops said. His prior arrests also include raps for a criminal sex act, desecrating cemetery material, criminal trespass, and subway fare evasion, authorities said. The most recent bust prior to Wednesday’s came after he allegedly jumped over barriers and randomly assaulted a woman attending the New Year’s Eve ball drop in Times Square, grabbing her and throwing her to the ground, according to police sources and the criminal complaint against him. Dennis was charged with assault, resisting arrest, aggravated harassment and harassment in that case. The charges are all misdemeanors that are not eligible for bail, and he was granted supervised release. Prior to that, sources said he was arrested on Dec. 14 for allegedly scratching the windows of Grace Beauty Bar in the West Village with a pen, causing $9,000 in damage. Dennis also has an open robbery case in Queens for allegedly stealing a backpack last February, according to court records. In a separate but similarly harrowing incident the same day as the attempted rape, another man followed a 19-year-old girl into a Bronx building, trailed her into the elevator and demanded she take her pants off, authorities said. The perv then snatched the teenager’s cell phone and punched her in the head — as she screamed for help, cops said. When the elevator reached the sixth floor, the sicko tossed the phone into the hallway and took off. The victim was treated for minor head injuries following the 9 p.m. attack at West 164th Street and Woodycrest Avenue in the Concourse section. Cops are still looking for the suspect, described as having a dark complexion and medium build. He was last seen wearing a blue hoodie, black hat, black pants, black and blue sneakers and holding a black cane. Police released surveillance footage of him late Wednesday. The next day, on Feb. 9 at around 7 a.m., a 24-year-old woman was attacked by a stranger after he also followed her into the elevator of a residential building in Manhattan, cops said. When the victim got out of the elevator, the man dragged her to the ground while repeatedly hitting her in the back of her head, police said. The creep then tried to grab the woman’s bag, but was unsuccessful. He ran out of the building at Hamilton Place and West 142nd Street in Hamilton Heights and ook off in a gray vehicle. The suspect in that attack is also still being sought. Cops say he has a dark complexion and slim build, and was last seen wearing a black hoodie, black facemask, black pants and black sneakers. The victim was taken to a local hospital and treated for a cut on her head.