The gun used in a deadly shootout in Tuscaloosa, Ala., last month involving Alabama men’s basketball players was brought to the location of the shooting by freshman star Brandon Miller, according to law enforcement testimony at a preliminary hearing on Tuesday. According to police, Miller was asked to bring his gun to teammate Darius Miles and another man, Michael Lynn Davis, on Jan. 15. Miles and Davis are facing capital murder charges after they allegedly opened fire at a car and killed 23-year-old Jamea Jonae Harris in an area called “The Strip,” near the University of Alabama campus. When Miller got to the scene, Miles told Davis, “The heat is in the hat,” and “There’s one in the head,” referring to the gun having arrived with a round in the chamber, Det. Brandon Culpepper testified, according to AL.com. Miles, 21, admitted to police he gave Davis, 20, the gun. Miller’s windshield was hit twice by gunfire, according to testimony. Miller, the leading scorer for the No. 2 Crimson Tide and a projected 2023 NBA Draft lottery pick, is not facing charges nor any team discipline. He played Saturday in a 108-59 win over Georgia, contributing 21 points. Miles admitted to police that he gave Davis the weapon that Davis used to open fire on Harris “It’s sad,” Alabama coach Nate Oats said of Miller’s alleged involvement. “We knew about that — can’t control everything anybody does outside of practice. Nobody knew that was going to happen. College kids are out, Brandon hasn’t been in any type of trouble or is in any type of trouble in this case. Wrong spot at the wrong time.” Miles was dismissed from the Crimson Tide following the arrest, not long after his junior season ended early due to an ankle injury. He last played Dec. 20. According to testimony, another Crimson Tide player, Jaden Bradley, also was at the scene of the shooting. Harris’ boyfriend told police his Jeep had been struck by gunfire after he and Miles and Davis got into an argument over their advances on Harris. Lawyers for Miles and Davis are claiming self-defense in the shooting and asked that their clients be released on bond. Tuscaloosa County District Judge Joanne Jannik has yet to rule on bail or whether to send the case to a grand jury.