David Carr was able to shed a little light on his brother Derek having a “great trip” while meeting with the Jets over the weekend. David, an analyst for NFL Network, was asked on an “NFL Total Access” segment if the Jets or Saints were the best fit for the former Raiders and current free-agent quarterback, and he responded with insight into how things with Gang Green went. The quarterback and Jets coach Robert Saleh appeared to have “hit if off.” “He went there to get a feel for how they work from the top down,” David Carr said. “Everyone he met, and we knew he would love Robert Saleh. I’ve known Robert for a while. He’s fantastic and they hit it off and they would love to work together.” David Carr went on to say that there were “a lot of questions” that needed to be asked about the inner workings of the Jets’ front office and the offense itself. There is at least some familiarity for Carr in Florham Park as the Jets’ new passing game coordinator Todd Downing was Carr’s offensive coordinator with the Raiders in 2017 and his quarterbacks coach the two seasons prior. The Jets recently hired former Broncos coach Nathanial Hackett — who has strong Aaron Rodgers ties — as their offensive coordinator. “I think the most important thing for him as a veteran quarterback is what is it gonna be like as an offensive play-caller and a quarterback and that relationship,” David Carr said. Overall, it sounded like Derek Carr’s meeting with the Jets went well, but David warned it could be a “long process” before any decision is made. Derek Carr has so far met with just the Saints and Jets and wants to “do his due diligence and see as many places as he can” to find the right fit. “They had a good chat. They talked about a lot of different things,” David Carr said. “Obviously, the team is just in need of a quarterback — there’s some stability there. They’ve got good components. There are a lot of things that are very positive about the Jets. He had a great trip.” Carr, 31, just went through a bitter split with the Raiders after nine seasons with the franchise. He was released on Feb. 14 after refusing a trade to the Saints. Las Vegas went just 6-11 last season under first-year coach Josh McDaniels. Carr had a solid season, but far from the prolific campaigns he’s had in the past — throwing for 3,522 yards, 24 touchdowns and 14 interceptions. The Jets faded down the stretch after getting off to a 7-3 start and missed the playoffs during a season that saw them use three different starting quarterbacks after Zach Wilson regressed in his sophomore campaign.