Love is permeating the air. Miss Puerto Rico Fabiola Valentín, 22, and Miss Argentina Mariana Varela, 26, are baring their love in this Sapphic advertisement for Fenty. The Rihanna-led cosmetics company posted the clip, titled “Come Smell Me,” on the brand’s official Instagram account Tuesday. “‘Sweet but soft at the same time.’ @fabiolavalentinpr and @marianajvarela give us the intimate details about meeting, falling in love and sharing special moments with #FentyParfum,” reads the caption. In the ad, the couple can be heard discussing their love for each other as well as the new “woodsy” Fenty eau de parfum, which debuted in stores on Feb. 10. Against a montage of romantic footage featuring the two models, one of them can be heard saying, “Everything kept flowing, and turning into this beautiful friendship. Which has grown now even more as wives, as a couple, and that is magical, to find someone like that in your life.” “It’s beautiful when two bodies come together with love,” Valentín wrote on Instagram while promoting the scent. The duo met in 2020 during the Miss Grand International pageant in Thailand where they became “inseparable” despite competing with each other for the crown. Both women placed in the Top 10 of the competition but won something more important: each other’s heart. After competing in the pageant, the couple continued to hang out and post about their “friendship,” claiming how blessed they were to be in each other’s lives. “One of the great gifts in this experience was your friendship, walking this process with you was a special and real one. Miss you, my girl,” wrote Valentín in 2021. The subtle nods to their relationship continued for nearly two years. Finally, the models released a joint Instagram Reel — which has been viewed 7 million times — announcing their marriage in October. “After deciding to keep our relationship private, we opened the doors to them on a special day. 28/10/22,” the caption reads. Fenty also made an appearance at Sunday’s Super Bowl when the halftime show headliner Rihanna choreographed a touch-up with a makeup palette during her number  — so the pregnant and glowing superstar could “shine bright like a diamond.”