Sting is still fond of sharing the hours-long tantric sex sessions he enjoys with his wife — three decades after making the risqué revelation. “I don’t mind that at all — it’s very healthy,” the former frontman of The Police and grandfather of seven told The Sydney Morning Herald in an interview published Wednesday. “We didn’t discuss sex ever with my parents.” “I’m fortunate in many, many respects, and having my health at this age is something I don’t take for granted,” he continued. “I’ve lost a lot of friends that didn’t make it this far, so I appreciate every day as it comes.” The “Shape of My Heart” singer, 71, revealed in the early 1990s that he and wife Trudie Styler, 69, engaged in seven-hour tantric sex sessions. The couple has addressed the claim over time, with Sting admitting in 2014: “Seven hours includes a movie and dinner.” “There is some truth to it in that the idea of tantric sex is that sex is a spiritual act,” the rocker told James Lipton on “Inside the Actors Studio” as Styler watched from the audience. “I don’t know any purer and better way of expressing a love for another individual than sharing that wonderful, I call it sacrament. I would stand by it. Not seven hours. The idea,” he added. Sting and Styler married on Aug. 20, 1992, and share four children: Brigitte, 39, Jake, 37, Eliot, 32, and Giacomo, 27. Sting also has two children with his first wife, Frances Tomelty: Joseph, 46, and Fuschia, 40. In 2011, Styler claimed her husband’s initial statement was a “drunken boast” during an interview with fellow singer Bob Geldof for Q Magazine. “At one point, the journalist asked how long they could go for, and Geldof said he was a three-minute man, but, as Sting did yoga, he could probably go for hours,” she told The Sun, per NME. “And Sting said, ‘Well, haven’t you heard of tantric sex?’” “So Sting explained that it is all about being intimate, about caring for your partner, really engaging in intimacy before you, you know… have sex. And that’s the premise of tantra, really. It’s simply engagement with your partner,” Styler explained. Sting’s “My Songs Tour” returns to the US in April with a Las Vegas stint.