The new “helicopters” bringing New York City’s superrich to the Hamptons and beyond are almost completely silent, all-electric and look straight out of a sci-fi blockbuster. Blade Air Mobility, known for transporting elite New Yorkers via helicopter, tested its new eVTOL (electric vertical take-off and landing) aircraft at the Westchester County Airport Tuesday as part of the company’s pledge to go green — quietly. The futuristic new aircraft — commonly referred to as an EVA, or electric vertical aircraft — look like a hybrid of a small plane and helicopter, with rotator blades on the aircraft’s wings. Manufactured by Vermont-based electric aerospace company BETA Technologies, the choppers will likely be welcomed by Big Apple residents, who have repeatedly complained about helicopter noise disrupting their daily life, and even Shakespeare in the Park. The noise was such a problem that Rep. Jerrold Nadler even begged the Federal Aviation Administration to divert helicopter traffic from Central Park. Gov. Kathy Hochul, who is known to enjoy a helicopter ride herself, vetoed a bipartisan bill that passed by a wide margin to ban tourist helicopters from Hudson River Park, saying it was a federal responsibility to regulate airspace. While Blade is one of several companies contributing to NYC’s helicopter noise, it hopes its transition to quiet, electric aircraft will encourage others to do adopt similar aircraft. The flight is a “historic moment” for aviation in the city, Blade CEO Rob Wiesenthal told The Post. “The demonstration represents a key first step in our transition from helicopters to new quiet and emission-free aircraft,” he said. The successful flight Tuesday was the first time a piloted electric vertical aircraft was tested in the tri-state area. RedBird Capital, the firm founded by Goldman Sachs alum Gerry Cardinale, has acquired a 5% stake in private helicopter company Blade, it was revealed in January. The company is also one of the largest air medical transporters of human organs in the world.