Typically people try and find 30 minutes a day to exercise — but one man is managing a whole five-hour marathon before work. Aaron Robinson, who is based in East London, has been setting his alarm for an astonishing 3 a.m. every day for the past two months in order to run 26.2 miles before his 9 to 5. “It’s quite hard to get enough sleep, get enough calories in and then go to work afterwards,” the 40-year-old told South West News Service. “You don’t really recover 100 percent before you start the next one.” He has company on his morning marathons and is joined by his border collies, Inca and River, who “love it.” “It’s basically a five hour walk for them,” he said. “It’s a good bonding thing. Because border collies are working dogs, if they weren’t pets they would be used to working on a farm all day so they’re very used to running and working hard and actually the cruel thing is just to keep them inside. “When you get back they still want to play. They just don’t get tired.” Robinson is also running for a good cause. He is fundraising for the charity he works at, Hope For Justice, a global non-profit organization aiming to end human trafficking and modern slavery. “It is tough, but what I think about a lot is I can stop this at any time,” he explained. “The victims of modern slavery and human trafficking — they can’t run away. They sometimes have their passports stolen, they’re threatened, they’re beaten.” Robinson may have managed to break a Guinness World Record after completing his 63rd marathon in 63 days – admitting it’s “hard work” to keep his legs moving throughout his epic runs. A spokesman for Guinness World Records said they “look forward to receiving evidence from the attempt for our records management team to review.” The world record for most consecutive days to run a marathon distance by a male is currently held by Vishak Krishnaswamy. The 62-year-old ran the marathons in Maharashtra, India from Sept. 1 to Nov. 1 in 2022. Robinson said hopes to continue running his daily marathons with his dogs for as long as he can.