PHOENIX — Let there be no mystery ever again: DeVonta Smith was certain that he was getting drafted by the Giants. There was enough crossover at the time between the coaching staffs for the Giants and Smith’s alma mater, Alabama, that word reached Smith he would not slip past No. 11 in the 2021 draft. Head coach Joe Judge and assistants Burton Burns, Rob Sale, Jody Wright, Nick Williams, Jeremy Pruitt and Kevin Sherrer all worked under Nick Saban in Alabama at one point before joining forces in New York. “I knew it was going to be New York,” Smith told The Post just four days before suiting up for the Eagles in Super Bowl LVII. “If Philly didn’t trade up, I was going to be in New York. It was kind of a no-brainer. People on the coaching staff were on the coaching staff at Alabama when I was there or getting recruited, so that’s how I knew it.” The problem? Not keeping a lid on the secret — a recurring issue during general manager Dave Gettleman’s four-year tenure — allowed the Eagles to find out. So, the Eagles traded up from No. 12 to No. 10 with the Cowboys — a rare trade between rivals teaming up to hose a third rival — to steal the Heisman Trophy-winning receiver and reunite him with former Alabama quarterback Jalen Hurts. “God puts us all in situations for a reason, so I couldn’t be any happier or more grateful. Look where I’m at now,” Smith said. “He put me somewhere I’m familiar with — with Jalen, especially. Somebody that no matter what’s going on, I know I can go to him for anything.” The 2021 draft class is shaping up to be an all-timer for receivers — with Ja’Marr Chase (No. 5 pick), Jaylen Waddle (No. 6) and Smith combining for nearly 7,000 receiving yards and 48 touchdowns through two seasons apiece. The Giants took the fourth receiver after trading out of pick No. 11 — Kadarius Toney (No. 20) — and declared him a bust after 1 ½ touchdown-less, injury-plagued seasons by trading him to the Chiefs, where he will be opposite Smith in the Super Bowl. “I don’t really compare myself to those guys, but they’re all doing a tremendous job where they are and I’m happy for them,” Smith said. “At the end of the day, it’s all about me making the most of my opportunities here.” Smith said he seamlessly handled the unexpected change of plans on draft night. In a way, it’s flattering that he created all this NFC East scheming. “No matter where I went I was going to be in an unfamiliar place,” Smith said. “It is what it is.”