A reformed drug dealer bikie has broken his penis during a porn shoot. Liam Ellis, from Perth, told The West Australian how he has turned his life around since serving more than four years in prison for drugs offenses. The 34-year-old started selling drugs to pay off his tax debt, but has found a new career path since leaving jail and quitting his gang: Pornography. Since then, Ellis says he has had sex with “hundreds of females.” so many that he has lost count. He made the big time after performing in a scene alongside Married at First Sight star Hayley Vernon. But he is now out of the game for the next month or two after suffering an excruciating injury on the job. He explained that he felt something go while filming a particularly energetic scene. “I didn’t think anything of it at the time but a while later it turned completely black,” he said, referring to his genitals. “I did some googling and it was pretty obvious I had something called a penile fracture.” Ellis underwent surgery and has now been prescribed a drug to stop him from becoming too excited, which would put him in “real trouble”. He added that he has enjoyed his new career, which came after a short time working in the offshore oil and gas industry, and that there is more money in OnlyFans than oil. “I really love acting and seeing a script come to life,” he said of his new passion. Earlier this month, adult film performer Keiran Lee revealed he accidentally left Australian porn star Angela White in hospital after filming a scene. Lee, who has starred in nearly 7,000 adult films, expressed his disbelief at the turn of events when his on-set performance with White resulted in her falling unwell. According to Lee, the pair were filming a scene together for over an hour when he noticed something was wrong. A few days later, Lee learned that White had returned to her home in Australia after complaining of abdominal pain. Upon seeing a doctor, White was informed that her appendix had ruptured during the scene, which could have proven fatal. “We were shooting content and we were going active, we were going at it for like over an hour,” he said. “After that, I‘m like ‘see you sweetheart, lovely day’, I’ve gone home then found out two days later she’s gone back home to Australia. “She said her stomach‘s hurting and had to go see a doctor – apparently her appendix burst in the scene, which could have killed her.” When asked by podcast host Ryan Pownall if the injury was due to Lee’s genitalia, the award-winning performer was quick to deflect, speculating that the position they were in may have caused the injury. Lee admitted that he “could have killed Angela White” during their first scene together. However, the incident was not a one-sided affair, as Lee revealed that White eventually got her revenge during a subsequent scene. The performer was badly injured after White suffered from lockjaw and accidentally bit down on Lee’s testicle, leaving him with what he called “the most painful experience” from his time in the industry.