We’ve all been there, buying shirts with fancy, cursive writing that is never quite legible, hoping it might say something elegant and inspiring. A UK mom has shared her embarrassment on TikTok, for misreading a slogan on top she bought for her young daughter. The young mother purchased a cute little green shirt, with white cursive writing thinking the word spelled out across the chest was ‘floppy’ when in actual fact, it did not. The TikToker couldn’t quite figure out what was said at first, but with the help of her followers, she soon realized just how wrong she was. The word displayed on the shirt is “Happy”, an obvious word to some… and not so much to others. After gushing about the buy, she admitted to not really knowing what the word was in the first place. “I can’t quite work out what it said on the front,” she sheepishly admitted. “I think it says floppy.” Her followers were quick to jump down her throat with an onslaught of “It says Happy”, flooding the comment section. “SCREAMING! IT SAYS HAPPY,” laughed one user hysterically. She was so beside herself with embarrassment that she created a TikTok responding to the laughing trolls. “I’m actually so embarrassed,” said the bashful mom. “I bought this outfit for my daughter today and for the longest time I’ve been trying to figure out what it says on the front.” And here’s the kicker…“I thought it said Floppy,” she admits. “But the amount of people taking the piss out of me is hilarious.” The TikTokker then asks everyone to agree that while it says happy, it looks a bit like ‘floppy’. “But now that people have said ‘Happy’, I can definitely see that,” laughs the well-meaning mom. The comment section continued to blow up with people still filled with laughter about the fact that she bought it still, thinking it said ‘floppy’. “I don’t know what’s funnier- the fact you thought it said floppy or the fact you still bought it thinking it randomly said floppy on the front.” laughed a user. “The fact you thought it said floppy but still bought it,” praised another. “I actually read flappy and I’m a teacher,” admitted a fellow misinterpreter.