The Boss is working overtime this year. Bruce Springsteen and The E Street Band just announced 22 additional tour dates that will take them all over North America from Aug. 9 through Dec. 8. On this upcoming run, the Rock and Roll Hall of Famers will play two nights at East Rutherford’s MetLife Stadium on Aug. 30 and Sept. 1. The following week, they’ll perform at Syracuse’s JMA Wireless Dome on Sept. 7. That’s on top of their ongoing tour that includes gigs at Albany’s MVP Arena (March 14), Buffalo’s KeyBank Center (March 23), New York City’s Madison Square Garden (April 1), Brooklyn’s Barclays Center (April 3) and two shows at Elmont’s UBS Arena on April 9 and April 11. That first leg of the tour before the group heads overseas for the summer concludes on April 14 at Newark’s Prudential Center. Best of all, you can get tickets to see Bruce, Garry Tallent, Roy Bittan, Max Weinberg, Steven Van Zandt, Nils Lofgren, Patti Scialfa, Soozie Tyrell, Charles Giordano and Jake Clemons as early as today. While inventory for the new tour dates aren’t available quite yet, tickets for all shows up until April 14 are available on Vivid Seats. Amazingly, some can be snagged for as low as $5 before fees although most are a bit pricier. Want to know more about all upcoming tour dates? We’ve got everything you need to know and more below. All prices listed above were found at the time of publication and are subject to fluctuation.  A complete schedule of all 22 new tour dates and venues can be found below. According to Ticketmaster, their “On sale date and time are in the works.” A complete calendar including all of Springsteen’s spring 2023 tour dates can be found here.  Now that Asbury Park’s most famous band has played a handful of concerts, we’ve gotten a clearer picture of what to expect when the group comes to a venue near you. Here’s what Bruce and the E Street Band played at their last live show (which is pretty consistent with all other set lists on tour). 01.) “No Surrender” 02.) “Ghosts” 03.) “Prove It All Night” 04.) “Letter To You” 05.) “The Promised Land” 06.) “Out In The Street” 07.) “Candy’s Room” 08.) “Kitty’s Back” 09.) “Nightshift” (Commodores cover) 10.) “Don’t Play That Song (You Lied)” (Ben E. King cover) 11.) “The E Street Shuffle” 12.) “Johnny 99” 13.) “Last Man Standing” 14.) “Backstreets” 15.) “Because The Night” (Patti Smith cover) 16.) “She’s The One” 17.) “Wrecking Ball” 18.) “The Rising” 19.) “Badlands” 20.) “Thunder Road” Encore 21.) “Detroit Medley” 22.) “Born To Run” 23.) “Rosalita (Come Out Tonight)” 24.) “Glory Days” 25.) “Dancing In The Dark” 26.) “Tenth Avenue Freeze Out” 27.) “I’ll See You In My Dreams” The list above is courtesy of Set List FM; the band could mix up what they play at any given time.  A surprising number of stars that dominated the charts in the ’60s, ’70s and ’80s are back on the road this year. Here are our five favorite acts you won’t want to miss these next few months. • Billy Joel with Stevie Nicks • Dead and Company featuring John Mayer • Three Dog Night • Eagles • Pat Benatar Want to see who else is out and about? Check out our list of the 22 biggest classic rockers on tour in 2023 here.