This cleaning life-hack will sweep your breath away. One professional organizer on TikTok claimed that her rule for decluttering only takes three seconds and will help you to see results in your closet and beyond. Kayleen Kelly, who goes by the username @kayleenkellyorganize on the social media app, has been in the business for over nine years and specializes in what she calls “chronic clutter” and ADHD. In the viral video, which has already reached over 509,000 views, she explained that this method is meant to help you create “quick and confident decisions” when decluttering your items. She used cleaning out a pile of jeans as an example for this technique. “All I want you to do, is you’re gonna make a decision on each pair,” Kelly said. “It’s either a yes, you keep it, or no, it goes. But if you hesitate [for more than three seconds], it’s an automatic keep.” She advised to make one pile for the “yes” jeans — the pairs you’re going to keep, and another pile for the ones that are a “no.” “If you feel like you have to try them on before you decide, just put it in your ‘keep’ pile and we’ll circle back around,” the organizer explained. The Post reached out to Kelly for comment. Kelly also added that if you don’t feel like you’re getting rid of enough, you can simply do this again in a second round. She revealed that it also works well for “neurodivergent brains”, as it creates a “sense of urgency” and is a “challenge” that can help to keep people engaged in the process. “This technique is all about creating a positive experience and helping you to build confidence in your decision making,” she said. In the comments section of the video, many users were impressed by the tip, and some even claimed that it worked for them. “Thanks so much for these posts,” one user commented. “In the last two days I’ve done bedroom, bathroom, office n linen closet… wardrobe next week!” Another agreed, writing, “3 bags today after watching your videos, thank you for sharing! .” Tthis has helped me sooo much!” someone else typed. “I’ve been feeling overwhelmed with my clutter.. i took 7 big bags to a charity shop… ill have more to go soon :).” However, some felt like this could still be a difficult process, even with the hack. “I just can’t… I love too many different styles in clothing and everytime I put away something that I’m intending not to keep, I will regret it later on,” a TikToker admitted. Another chimed in, “I love all of your ideas but I KNOW I will get tired and bored after I take everything out, and won’t want to org to put it all away = BIG MESS .” And, maybe Netflix organizational guru Marie Kondo will want to take this advice — last month, she revealed that cleaning was no longer her main focus, which she said through an interpreter during a media webinar and virtual tea ceremony, according to The Washington Post. “I have kind of given up on that in a good way for me,” she shared. “Now I realize what is important to me is enjoying time with my children at home.”