Actor Tom Sizemore’s family is currently “deciding end-of-life matters” after receiving updates from doctors, his rep said Monday evening. “Today, doctors informed his family that there is no further hope and have recommended end of life decision. The family is now deciding end-of-life matters and a further statement will be issued on Wednesday,” Sizemore’s manager Charles Lago said in a statement given to CNN. “We are asking for privacy for his family during this difficult time and they wish to thank everyone for the hundreds of messages of support, and prayers that have been received. This has been a difficult time for them.” Sizemore, 61, was hospitalized following a brain aneurysm earlier this month, and he “has remained in critical condition, in a coma and in intensive care” ever since, according to the statement. Lago told TMZ that the brain aneurysm was a result of a stroke Sizemore suffered on Feb. 18 at his Los Angeles home, which caused him to collapse and be rushed to the hospital. Paramedics were called after an unnamed person found the “Saving Private Ryan” star around 2 a.m. unconscious. The actor got his start with a small role in the 1989 Oliver Stone film “Born on the Fourth of July” and played Sgt. Vinnie Ventresca on ABC’s “China Beach” around the same time. He starred in other projects such as “Heat,” “Natural Born Killers,” “Pearl Harbor,” “Black Hawk Down,” “Lock Up,” “Harley Davidson and the Marlboro Man,” “Point Break,” “True Romance” and “Strange Days.” But he is best known for his role as Sgt. Mike Horvath in the 1998 World War II blockbuster “Saving Private Ryan,” which scored five Oscars. More recently, Sizemore appeared in episodes of the TV series “Twin Peaks” and “Cobra Kai.” One of his last films was “The Legend of Jack and Diane” in 2022. He is also attached to projects set for 2023 and 2024. The embattled actor also struggled with drugs and had some run-ins with law enforcement. Sizemore struggled with cocaine, heroin and methamphetamine addictions and ran into legal trouble for drug possession and domestic abuse. He appeared on “Celebrity Rehab with Dr. Drew” in 2010. In 2003, he was convicted of domestic violence against his then-girlfriend, Heidi Fleiss.