PORT ST. LUCIE — Mark Canha set a career high in doubles and hit-by-pitches last season, and now has sights on bolstering his production in another category. “I would like to hit more home runs,” the Mets outfielder said Sunday. “I think the way I trained this offseason … was to hit more home runs and that was the glaring thing last year was the home runs were down.” Canha hit 13 homers in 542 plate appearances last season. A year earlier with Oakland he hit 17 homers in 625 plate appearances. His career high for homers in a season is 26, which he established in 497 plate appearances in 2019. This offseason, Canha said he lifted heavier and worked on becoming more explosive in terms of weight-lifting power. The 34-year-old Canha said he hired personal strength and performance coaches to help him. “The later on in your career I am getting older and I’ve made a little bit more money now so I feel like I have more money to spend on this kind of stuff,” Canha said. “Early on in your career, it’s kind of a makeshift situation and now I’m like, ‘Let’s really go for this kind of thing.’ That stuff costs money.” Canha arrived on a two-year contract worth $26.5 million. The Mets hold an option on his contract for 2024 worth $11.5 million. Last season, he owned a .266/.367/.403 slash line in 140 games. “I want to do well and keep my career going and you could say it’s a big year for me personally,” Canha said. “I am always methodical and work and everything, but this year it’s really go for it with the training and not leave any stone unturned.” Canha said team expectations remain high. “I haven’t been to a team meeting yet, but I am assuming we’re going to try to win the World Series this year, and that’s the goal,” Canha said. Mets owner Steve Cohen arrived at spring training and watched workouts with a group that included former New Jersey governor Chris Christie (who is on the team’s board of directors). Cohen is expected to speak with reporters on Monday. Carlos Carrasco cut his left middle finger slicing vegetables, according to manager Buck Showalter, but the right-hander was fine receiving throws during his mound session.