How’s that for a bounce-back performance? We swept the board on a light Tuesday night NBA slate, cashing on the favored Nuggets and underdog Hornets to finish 2-0 against the spread and erase the taste of our 1-2 night to open the week. We feel similarly strong about the board on Wednesday, which initially featured four games we loved before the Wizards-Pistons game was postponed. Nonetheless, we’re still riding with three home favorites who aren’t getting enough respect against suspect road opponents. Here are our favorite bets to make at BetMGM ahead of Wednesday’s action: No team has been streakier this season than the Grizzlies, whose win on Sunday snapped a five-game losing streak that immediately followed a franchise-record 11-game win streak. Could this win be the start of a new heater for Memphis? While that five-game losing skid was at least mildly concerning, all five games came on the road, where Ja Morant and co. are just 11-15 outright with a 9-16-1 ATS record. It’s an entirely different story at home, where Memphis is a ridiculous 21-3 straight up (15-8-1 ATS) with eight straight victories. That should concern the Trail Blazers, who have lost eight straight away games (0-8 ATS), with each of the last six decided by six or more points. With the talent gap already favoring Wednesday’s hosts, these teams’ extreme home-road splits make it that much easier to back the Grizzlies. Just when it looked like the 76ers might challenge for their longest win streak of the season, the Magic pulled off a stunning comeback to win big as road underdogs. I don’t expect lightning to strike twice in a row in this matchup. Since the start of last season, we’ve seen just 14 teams lose outright as a home favorite only to be matched up in the exact same spot against the exact same team in their following game. Those teams are 9-5 ATS in the revenge spot, outscoring the opponent by 10.1 points per game with as many 20-point wins (5) as ATS losses (5) in the encore. I’d be surprised to see the Magic survive another big game from Joel Embiid, who dropped 30 points on Monday against Orlando’s frontcourt and is averaging 34.1 points and 10.7 rebounds in nine games since returning from injury. Another big night could vault him even higher in the MVP race and propel Philly to an easy win, too. For a while, it looked like the Suns were in serious trouble without injured star Devin Booker (groin). They’ve since regained their footing and should get the best of a Hawks team dealing with their own injury woes. Following a big win over the Lakers in Booker’s first game out, Phoenix was mired in a 2-12 spiral with the NBA’s second-worst net rating (-9.7), culminating in a season-worst 30-point loss to the Grizzlies on Jan. 16. That sparked a revival for Monty Williams’ group, which has since won six of its last seven games (6-1 ATS) after Monday’s win over the Raptors. Conversely, the Hawks have stumbled to a 1-4 record in their last five games as star guard Trae Young (ankle) fights through a nagging injury that sidelined him on Monday and has clearly hampered his 3-point shot as of late. If he isn’t at full strength, it’ll be tough for Atlanta to keep pace with the red-hot Suns. 