Actor Ben Stein is getting slammed on social media after posting a bizarre video talking about Aunt Jemima syrup, which has been renamed to Pearl Milling Company. Stein, 78, opened the video posted to Truth Social by explaining he was making breakfast for dinner. “Aunt Jemima, yummy, pancake syrup. Now, this used to show a large African American woman chef, but because of the inherent racism of Americans’ corporate culture, they decided to make it a white person, or maybe no person at all,” Stein said. He continued, “But, I prefer when it was a black person, showing their incredible skill at making pancakes. So, God bless you all and have a good evening.” The beloved syrup got a rebrand after the 130-year-old maple syrup mascot was scrutinized over its ties to slavery in 2020. The logo was originally inspired by the 19th-century “mammy” minstrel character, a black woman who was content to serve her white masters. Twitter users dragged the “Ferris Bueller’s Day Off” actor over his comments. “Is anyone surprised that Ben Stein is a racist. Anyone? Anyone? Bueller?” one person alleged in a tweet. “I miss the good old days when Ben Stein was famous for saying ‘Bueller’ over and over,” another said. “A prime example of ‘When you don’t know the context and history behind a conversation you should just STFU and listen,'” one person wrote. “‘I like MY pancake syrup served out of a bottle that is a LITERAL RACIST TROPE.’ -Ben Stein,” someone quipped. Even actress Ellen Barkin chimed in, saying, “Please don’t call Ben Stein an actor. It makes us all look bad.” In June 2020, Quaker Oats announced Aunt Jemima’s retirement, saying the character’s origins are “based on a racial stereotype.” “While the name on the box has changed, the great tasting products — the ‘pearl’ inside the familiar red box — remains the same, with a mission to create joyful breakfast moments for everyone,” the company said on its website when announcing the name change. “We recognize Aunt Jemima’s origins are based on a racial stereotype,” Kristin Kroepfl, vice president and chief marketing officer of Quaker Foods North America, said in a statement at the time. The PepsiCo subsidiary representative added that retiring Jemima from syrup packaging was part of an effort by the company “to make progress toward racial equality.”