TAMPA — An injury to Nestor Cortes’ lower half cut his final playoff start short in 2022 and now another will delay at least his 2023 spring training — and keep him out of the World Baseball Classic. The Yankees left-hander suffered a “low Grade 2” hamstring strain in his right leg last week while running sprints, which will cost him “a couple weeks,” though he still believes he can be ready for the start of the regular season. “I think the ultimate goal here is to get ready for number 28,” Cortes said Monday at the Yankees’ player development complex, referring to chasing the franchise’s 28th World Series title. “I think it’s kind of a letdown for the country, but I think the biggest goal right here is to get healthy and be ready for the start of the season.” Cortes has continued throwing but will be delayed in getting up on the mound because of the injury. He said he didn’t think much of it when it first happened last Monday, believing he just had a cramp. But later that night he “felt a little pull” while putting on a shoe and by the time he arrived at the Yankees’ complex on Wednesday, he told the staff he was “a little banged up.” He underwent testing Friday that revealed the strain. Without Cortes, the Yankees’ WBC representation is now down to just Gleyber Torres (Venezuela), Jonathan Loaisiga (Nicaragua) and Kyle Higashioka (USA). Luis Severino had also hoped to play for the Dominican Republic, but the Yankees did not give him permission because of his recent injury history. “I wanted to represent Team USA,” Cortes said. “It was a country that gave me a lot of opportunity to do a lot of stuff that I’m doing today. I was very excited for it. But this came into [play] this week. Very disappointed, obviously very sad that I can’t participate.” Instead, Cortes will be rehabbing at the Yankees’ complex, where Aaron Judge, DJ LeMahieu, Torres and Isiah Kiner-Falefa were among the players working out Monday ahead of pitchers and catchers reporting on Wednesday. During his All-Star season last year, Cortes went on the IL in August with a groin strain that he later aggravated during the playoffs, leading to a shortened start against the Astros in Game 4 of the ALCS. Cortes said Monday that his groin is now good after rehabbing it during the offseason, but instead it’s his hamstring that has given him trouble. “This year, I think I’m going to make it [a point] to myself where I take care of my legs a little better,” Cortes said. If he does, the 28-year-old hopes to put himself in position to repeat what he did last season, when he posted a 2.44 ERA with 163 strikeouts across a career-high 158 ¹/₃ innings. Cortes said the heavy workload last year led him to take things a little slower during the offseason in terms of ramping up for the season, and now the hamstring issue will add some time to his buildup. “I think it’s something that’s definitely doable, to start the season off healthy and in the rotation,” Cortes said. “Hopefully we can get along and the training staff will help me get to that point.” Cortes’ progress will bear watching through the early part of camp, especially with right-hander Frankie Montas already expected to miss at least the first month of the season because of recurring right shoulder inflammation. Entering spring training, Domingo German is the favorite to fill Montas’ spot in the rotation, but after Clarke Schmidt — who could vie with German for the fifth spot — the Yankees’ starting pitching depth falls off. But if the group of Gerrit Cole, Carlos Rodon and Severino can stay healthy, with Cortes rejoining the fold before long, the Yankees are in position to have one of the game’s better rotations. “On paper, we look pretty solid,” Cortes said. “I’m excited to embark on the season with these guys. Hopefully we can make something special.”