It all started with an innocent tweet from executive producer Daley Pearson. Our beloved animated series Bluey was having a moment with its ‘Sleepytime’ episode listed as the second-rated episode of any show on the website IMDB. It was a moment to be celebrated. By the team, by the voices behind the characters, by the fans, and by all Aussies! Except… someone came along and sabotaged our joy. Shortly after Daley tweeted his announcement declaring that Bluey’s Sleepytime episode (if you haven’t seen it – go now – it’s a tearjerker!) was sitting proudly in the second position on the entertainment website, something strange happened. It appears as though rival fans have declared war on our beloved Heeler family, writing a barrage of negative reviews to knock Sleepytime off its top spot. Within three days of hitting the second position, Sleepytime dropped dramatically down to the 17th spot. Eagle-eyed fans noticed that Bluey’s 10-star rating had dropped to 9.9 while other anime shows such as Attack on Titan and Code Geass had moved right up. Fans have since speculated that the drop in ranking and the rise of other animated shows could be due to a swamp of negative reviews. “Since this tweet went out some people went and messed up the user score,” a fan pointed out on Twitter. “This is why we can’t have nice things. What is wrong with some people?” another added. While fans were commenting on Daley’s tweet about their theories as to why Bluey had dropped off the second spot, others declared war on Reddit. “Anime fans might actually be review-bombing beloved children’s show ‘Bluey,‘” a post on the platform read. “If it HAS to come to this, then I HOPE us in the bluey fandom can make a rebellion over the anime fans,” one fan wrote. But plenty of fans managed to see the positives behind the unfair attack. “The fact that it’s getting review bombed, the silly recent attacking articles – all just testament to how good this show is that it’s hit that level,” a fan insisted. “It’s a badge of honor really. Anything starts to get haters once it gets enough elevation,” another agreed