Two thirds of adults allow food to be eaten in bed – but soup, pasta and a stir fry are off limits. A study of 2,000 Americans found 47% have eaten snacks or meals in their own bed, with 85% planning or hoping for breakfast in bed this Valentine’s Day. But 34% simply do not allow food to be consumed under the covers, especially potentially messier foods like tacos, curry and ramen. Despite differing opinions, those polled agreed fruit, chocolate and ice cream are acceptable to eat in bed. If any meal should be eaten under the duvet, it’s breakfast, according to 52% and the likes of yogurt, toast and croissants appeared on the ‘allowed’ list of foods. Commissioned by bakery brand St Pierre and conducted by OnePoll, the study found 52% admitted they can’t fully enjoy eating in bed because they’re too worried about the mess. And while 26% believe it’s lazy, 44% argued food in bed is romantic. “There is clearly a divide when it comes to the idea of eating in bed,” said St Pierre’s spokesperson. “While some will allow a greasy takeaway box or messy sauce covered meal in the boudoir, others understandably draw the line at anything other than breakfast. “Having the first meal of the day in bed, especially with a partner, has for a long time been seen as a romantic gesture and many of us plan to start Valentine’s Day this year doing just that.” The study also found it took smitten Americans an average of seven weeks together before taking their meals to the bedroom. This Valentine’s Day, 69% plan to make breakfast in bed for a loved one, while 16% hope to be the recipient of it. However, 72% have had to get rid of bedding as a result of food-related spillages and 49% have asked someone else to get out of their bed because they made crumbs. Therefore, many rely on the likes of a napkin (70%), tray (63%) or towel (52%) to avoid mishaps. Other situations in which people are most likely to eat in bed are when watching TV (66%), generally on weekends (54%) or if on a date (52%). Almost half of those polled opted for lounging under the duvet if eating (47%), while 46% prefer to sit on top of it. And 74% admitted they’re more laid back about eating in bed if it’s someone else’s rather than their own. “Sharing food with a loved one is the perfect way to show you care, but our research suggests that such gestures can backfire, with 83% of Americans having been asked to get out of bed for making a food or drink faux pas!,” added the spokesperson. “That’s why we’re offering St Pierre NAPkins to diners, to keep the love alive and prevent any cross words over croissants this Valentine’s Day.” “While breakfast is the most popular meal to be enjoyed in bed, one in five Americans are more likely to eat lunch or dinner under the covers. “St Pierre products are perfect at any time of day, and since 63% of Americans currently own food-stained bedsheets, we’re giving 50 lucky winners the chance to win a St Pierre NAPkin, to protect their sheets and make future bedtime meals a little more magnifique.” To be in with a chance to win, complete the quiz HERE.