The pursuit for Raiders quarterback Derek Carr now won’t involve a trade. Carr told Las Vegas that he won’t accept a trade to any team, according to NFL Network’s Ian Rapoport. That means the 31-year-old will become a free agent — and arguably the top quarterback name available — once the team releases him, which Rapoport labeled an “expected” move. The decision comes less than a week after the Raiders granted the Saints permission to speak with their quarterback. Carr visited New Orleans, and Sports Illustrated’s Albert Breer reported that trip meant the Saints and Raiders had already agreed on trade compensation. The looming variable, according to Breer, was Carr’s contract situation. By releasing Carr before Feb. 15, the Raiders would avoid having to pay more than $40 million in guaranteed money, according to The Athletic. The other, now-defunct option would’ve been to trade him by that date. But with Carr now expected to be a free agent, any team will be able to negotiate with the former second-round pick, who has spent his entire career with the Raiders. An important detail of Carr’s situation, according to ESPN’s Field Yates: he can sign with any team immediately — because the Raiders will release him from a contract — and doesn’t have to wait until NFL free agency officially begins in March. The Jets are one team that could emerge as a potential destination, given their desire for a veteran quarterback amid Zach Wilson’s struggles and uncertain future with the team. They’ve also been pegged to Packers signal-caller Aaron Rodgers, among other veterans, after hiring Nathaniel Hackett, who Rodgers worked with in Green Bay, as offensive coordinator. The Raiders went 6-11 in 2022 — the first season under new head coach Josh McDaniels — and the team benched Carr for the final two games, opting to start 26-year-old Jarrett Stidham instead. Carr threw for 3,522 yards, 24 touchdowns and 14 interceptions, and his decision to part with the franchise comes less than a year after Las Vegas traded for star wideout and former Fresno State teammate Davante Adams. Carr and the Raiders had agreed to a three-year, $121.5 million contract extension in April to keep him in Las Vegas and keep pace with the rest of the AFC West, which featured Kansas City’s Patrick Mahomes, Denver’s Russell Wilson and the Chargers’ Justin Herbert.