Roald Dahl’s famed children’s books are being scrubbed by so-called sensitivity experts to remove language they deem offensive, including “fat” or “ugly” characters — and making the beloved Oompa Loompas of “Charlie and the Chocolate Factory” gender neutral. Publisher Puffin tapped sensitivity readers to rewrite hundreds of sections of the late author’s texts to ensure his work can continue to be enjoyed — and not offend — today’s more woke audience, The Telegraph reported. “Words matter,” begins the notice at the bottom of the copyright page of Puffin’s latest editions of Roald Dahl’s books. “The wonderful words of Roald Dahl can transport you to different worlds and introduce you to the most marvelous characters. This book was written many years ago, and so we regularly review the language to ensure that it can continue to be enjoyed by all today.” Oompa Loompas, the diminutive staffers of Willy Wonka’s chocolate factory, was once called “small men,” yet are now “small people.” Another favorite character of “Charlie and the Chocolate Factory’,” infamous glutton Augustus Gloop, is no longer called “fat” but rather “enormous.” Characters from the author’s other classic tales are also getting a lefty makeover, according to the National Review. In the original version of “James and the Giant Peach,” a character rhymes, “Aunt Sponge was terrifically fat / And tremendously flabby at that,” and, “Aunt Spiker was thin as a wire / And dry as a bone, only drier.” However, after being scrubbed, the text now reads: “Aunt Sponge was a nasty old brute / And deserved to be squashed by the fruit,” and, “Aunt Spiker was much of the same / And deserves half of the blame.” Gender references have also been neutralized to not offend women or the transgender community. In “The Witches,” a section saying witches are bald beneath their wigs has a new disclaimer: “There are plenty of other reasons why women might wear wigs and there is certainly nothing wrong with that.” Puffin and the Roald Dahl Story Company made the latest changes in conjunction with Inclusive Minds, which its spokesperson said is “a collective for people who are passionate about inclusion and accessibility in children’s literature,” according to the Daily Mail. The Roald Dahl Story Company downplayed the changes,  insisting to the Guardian that the revisions preserve the author’s voice and style. “Our guiding principle throughout has been to maintain the storylines, characters, and the irreverence and sharp-edged spirit of the original text. Any changes made have been small and carefully considered,” a spokesperson said. However, Matthew Dennison, Dahl’s biographer, said he’s “almost certain” the late writer “would have recognized that alterations to his novels prompted by the political climate were driven by adults rather than children.”