You know what is worse than opening your fridge to find nothing to eat? Opening your freezer and not finding any leftovers either! We love an organized fridge and freezer, stocked with our favorite meal kits and groceries for endless options when it comes time for dinner. However, when days get hectic and cooking is pushed to the side, a few things can happen — food waste if you buy too much and don’t cook it in time, or not having anything to cook and being forced to spend more money on takeout. While sometimes that happens to the best of us, there is a small gadget you can buy to help prevent both food waste and lack of easy meals to make. Introducing… the vacuum sealer! We know this isn’t revolutionary, but it really can be a lifesaver to own, especially for large families who need a quick meal to be thawed and cooked in a snap or for small families who have leftovers and don’t want them to go bad. Want to learn more? Then before we get cooking, hear from our expert chef Richard Temples, resident chef at Sur La Table, with tips and tricks for how to use a food vacuum sealer, what the best foods to seal are and top brands to buy right now. We hope this part is pretty self-explanatory, but a vacuum sealer for food simply sucks the air out of the storage bag, making the food inside last longer since it is no longer exposed to air or the elements in the fridge or freezer. Some may think these are the same as a heat sealer, but there are a few key differences as explained by Temples. “Vacuum sealers work solely on extracting air from the bag before sealing with heat along the edge,” Temples said. “Heat sealers or Cryovac’s work by creating negative pressure in a chamber and forcing the air out before sealing with heat on the edge.” When faced with a freezer full of food, what can you vacuum seal? And more importantly, what foods should you eat fresh and not seal? We asked the expert, creating a chart below: Foods to vacuum seal: “I really like to seal meats that are bought in bulk that I want to freeze.  Outside of that you can seal pastas/grains, soups/stocks, nuts or chocolates.  I have even vacuumed sealed important documents at home since Houston loves to flood!” Foods to not vacuum seal: “Foods that are easily prone to mold/bacteria shouldn’t be sealed.  This can be mushrooms, soft cheeses and more. You should also not seal vegetables that emit gas, like broccoli, arugula, garlic and onions. And never seal your favorite delicate cookies or pastries as the pressure will just crush them.” Now that we’ve convinced you to get a vacuum sealer to prevent food waste, how do you go about choosing one? There are many sizes and price-points on the market, so make sure to keep your budget, family size and counter space in mind. “Everyone cooks in different ways and quantities. You should always look for the right size machine for your household needs. Some small more compact varieties (like Zwilling Fresh n Save) use just a handheld vacuum pressed to a port in a bag or glass container while larger varieties (like Food Saver) can automatically size a bag and seal it for use in multiple sizes,” suggested Temples. “I would also always look for a large liquid reservoir.  Inevitably some liquid will come out during the sealing process, and you don’t want that going all over your counters.” Another quick tip before the shopping recommendations: “Just to make sure that you clean and sanitize your sealer after each use,” said Temples. “As most of us use these for raw ingredients, you don’t want to run the risk of contamination when storing and the next use. Extra Tip: Always place the machine slightly higher than your sealing bag when liquid is involved. This will help prevent spills. You can also place your bag on a cookie sheet as a second layer. This is one of Chef Temples’ recommended vacuum sealing systems, especially for those with a smaller space. The handheld device is compact and rechargeable, allowing you to stow it away when not in use in a kitchen drawer. For an automatic version, the Food Saver systems are another Chef Temples choice. Opt for the larger countertop version for all the bells and whistles, or a smaller manual version to get the job done in a snap. Chef Temples recently got his hands on the Anova Precision Chamber Vacuum Sealer and said it’s been a blast to use. Get one of your own now, or opt for a smaller countertop version or an even smaller handheld device for everyday use. For a simple and on-sale version, head to Amazon and shop this Nesco brand vacuum sealer. The smaller device fits on a counter and has two options: seal only and vacuum seal. Keep your nutrients locked in with this automatic sealer, sold at Walmart now for less than $70. The black machine fits on a countertop and comes with five medium and one extra-long reusable, waterproof sealing bags to get you started. Another FoodSaver brand but this one is too pretty to pass up. Shop at Target now and get the limited edition sage green model, which also happens to be $50 off while supplies last. For quick seals or smaller spaces, this handheld model is a great idea. Plus, the $25 price tag doesn’t hurt for a great mini upgrade. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.