The widow of the California public defender who died mysteriously at a Mexican resort last month described the horrifying moment she learned her husband was dead in a new interview this week. “I was dead asleep,” Kim Williams told CBS News, explaining how a security guard at Las Rocas Resort and Spa banged on her door and informed her that her husband, Elliot Blair, had tumbled to his death from their second-story balcony on Jan. 14. Williams and Blair, 33, were in Rosarito Beach on the Baja Peninsula to celebrate their first wedding anniversary. Photos and videos from the trip show the couple smiling and enjoying their vacation. “I walked out of the room in pajamas, barefoot,” she said of the startled moments after she received the devastating news. “They pointed down to the ground and I just looked over and I ran. I ran down there.” Williams told the outlet Mexican officials gave her four different stories about what happened to her husband. An initial autopsy in Baja California ruled Blair’s death was an accident, emphasizing that he had a blood-alcohol content of 0.10% at the time of his fatal plunge. Although slightly above the California legal driving limit of 0.08%, it is not enough for the majority of people to be considered drunk. A second, private autopsy performed in Los Angeles this week reportedly supported Blair’s loved ones’ allegations that he was killed by foul play. “We can see in those photographs a couple of things which tell us Elliot Blair didn’t fall that night — that he was murdered,” attorney Case Barnett told CBS of the original autopsy. Barnett alleged the second autopsy found Blair suffered 40 skull fractures, as well as a toe injury and “road rash” on his knees, which suggested he may have been dragged. “He’s not going to have a toe injury and injuries to the back of his head as a result of a fall,” Barnett argued. “It was just not a fall — it looks like he was beaten.” Williams also spoke to CBS about the “very strange” incident when she and Blair were pulled over by police officers just hours before his death. In a prior interview with “Good Morning America,” Williams said the couple was “rattled” when the cops allegedly shook them down for money. Blair did not have the amount they demanded, she explained, but handed over $160 before the officers let them go. “I think it’s very strange that two hours before my husband is killed, this happens to us,” she told CBS. “I don’t think we can rule anything out but I also can’t sit here and tell you that’s what happened because, at the end of the day, I don’t know what happened to him.” Barnett said the family’s investigators are working to obtain the hotel’s surveillance footage and Mexican law enforcement reports before they determine what happened to Blair. “I want everyone to remember him and to know how special he was,” Williams said of her late husband. “But I also want answers as to what happened to him that night and why.”