First lady Jill Biden narrowly avoided embarrassment Friday as her recently married granddaughter Naomi was forced to spring into action to keep Jill’s dress from blowing over her head. The 71-year-old nearly channeled her inner “Seven Year Itch” as she landed in breezy Nairobi, Kenya — her last stop on a five-day African tour. Naomi, 29, who wed Peter Neal on the South Lawn of the White House Nov. 19, discreetly held down the first lady’s skirt after it blew past her knees upon exit from the plane. Later Friday, Jill Biden reiterated to the Associated Press that her husband, 80-year-old President Biden, will seek a second term in 2024. “He says he’s not done. He’s not finished what he’s started. And that’s what’s important,” she told the outlet. “How many times does he have to say it for you to believe it?” Politico reported earlier this week that some Democrats are becoming restless at the lack of a promised campaign kickoff by the president. But the first lady said Friday that “pretty much” everything has been settled except the exact time and place for an official announcement. When asked how she could be sure of her husband’s plans, Jill Biden initially answered: “Because I’m his wife.” “Of course he’ll listen to me, because we’re a married couple,” she added — before backtracking slightly to say that the president “makes up his own mind, believe me.” The AP, citing Biden aides, reported that an announcement is likely to come in April after the first fundraising quarter ends. The president’s former boss, Barack Obama, announced his re-election campaign launch on April 4, 2011. Joe Biden, the oldest-ever president, has indicated that he will try for another term as long as he feels physically up to the job, despite occasional questions about his cognitive abilities. The president has frequently misspoken in the course of his official duties, repeatedly referring to his vice president as “President Harris” and once welcoming former President Bill Clinton to “Congress” at an event held at the White House. Biden also infamously tried to find the late Rep. Jacki Walorski (R-Ind.) at an event this past September, asking “Where’s Jackie?” even though he had publicly mourned her death in a car crash the month before. He later apologized to Walorski’s family. White House physician Dr. Kevin O’Connor relayed in his report on Biden’s physical last week that the president suffers from “spinal arthritis” and had to have a “small lesion” removed from his chest for skin cancer testing. Jill Biden similarly shared with the Associated Press that she has been battling a skin cancer diagnosis after doctors removed basal cell lesions in January. “I’m lucky,” she said. “Believe me, I am so lucky that they caught it, they removed it, and I’m healthy.” The first lady’s African tour was focused on food shortages in the region caused by the Russian invasion of Ukraine. “I just wanted to say on the one-year anniversary of Ukraine that not a day goes by that I don’t think of President Zelensky, Olena, their family, and all the people in Ukraine,” Jill Biden told reporters on her plane, “and what they are going through and how hard they’re fighting to keep their freedom.”