It was universally uncomfortable for everyone. Florida model Whitney Paige Venable claimed she was denied entry into Universal Studios Orlando Resort — and was asked to “cover up” her “naturally big breasts” because they made everyone “uncomfortable.” “I felt humiliated and embarrassed [when] I was told I had to change my top to be able to enter and people started staring,” said Venable, 26, of the latest in a recent string of “dress-coding” incidents in which multiple women have experienced at major theme parks. “I think it’s because I have naturally big breasts and it makes people uncomfortable — but at far as I know my clothing wasn’t against the rules,” the blue-eyed blonde told Jam Press on Thursday. “I feel like I was discriminated against because of the size of my breasts.” According to Venable, the incident occurred last year in June 2021 — and was documented to her 1.7 million followers on Instagram — but she’s coming forward now amid the rash of now-viral claims of “body-shaming” from other women accused of showing to much skin in family friendly parks. Footage shows Venable wearing a white crop top and green alongside her friend waiting in line to enter the theme park. In a follow-up video, viewers can see the model being told that her attire was too “inappropriate.” “So, I guess my top is inappropriate for Universal, we’re having a problem right now,” said Venable. “Apparently I have to go change into a more appropriate top even though I’ve seen a lot of people here in sports bra-looking tops.” Venable said that she felt targeted by staff members due to her boobs. “I felt like I was being targeted and it was the summer so it was hot, I didn’t really understand [the issue] but having natural large breasts brings attention,” says Venable. Note: Venable’s typical work fashions is much more revealing than her modest attire featured in the clip. Alas, the popular Insta poser’s pal came to her rescue and they gained entry. “I ended up putting on another top over the sports bra [since] my friend had another top in the car,” said the disgruntled model. “But I ended up taking it off later on in the park because it was hot and ugly and the fact I was judged really pissed me off.” Her rant continued: “Smaller women can wear whatever they want — having big breasts, however, gets sexualized.” The Post reached out to Universal Studios Orlando for comment. The establishment’s official “dress code” is listed on its website as such: “If a guest is spotted in a costume that is not deemed permissible, he or she will be asked to either remove the costume and change into something more appropriate, or exit the park.” Meanwhile, this isn’t the busty blonde’s first time at the dress-code rodeo. Venable previously claimed she has was discriminated against before due to her figure in July 2021. “I firmly believe Twitter deleted my account because I’m too hot and jealous people who aren’t as attractive complained or said I was promoting sexual activity,” she said. The Floridian claimed she was banned on the social media platform for being “too hot” and that people were “jealous” of her figure. “One day, I changed my cover photo to an innocent shot of me showing off my figure – but I was wearing underwear,” recalled Venable. “And suddenly, my account was banned … It made me feel discriminated against because there are far worse pictures on Twitter.” “It’s not fair,” concluded the model of policies that have more and more park-goers looking for workarounds to gain entry to amusement parks.