The bar was supposed to be the Sweet 16. At a minimum. Last March’s epic loss to Cinderella Saint Peter’s felt fluky, one of those stunning results the NCAA Tournament produces annually. Instead, it seems to be part of a concerning recent trend at Kentucky, as this proud, powerhouse program fades under John Calipari. With a NET ranking of 45, a 1-7 record in Quad 1 games and a Quad 4 loss, the Wildcats are in danger of missing the tournament for the second time in three years. If they don’t go dancing, it would mean zero NCAA Tournament wins in the last three years. The last time that happened in Lexington was 1988-91, due to a postseason ban. It’s fair to wonder if Calipari, despite his recruiting prowess, has lost his fastball at the age of 64. He certainly isn’t bringing it like he once did. There is no other explanation for this team to find itself in its current predicament. It returned Oscar Tshiebwe, the National Player of the Year a season ago, point guard Sahvir Wheeler and sharpshooter CJ Fredrick. It brought in a top-five recruiting class led by five-star wings Cason Wallace and Chris Livingston, and added quality Illinois State transfer Antonio Reeves. The team was ranked fourth in the preseason. It was expected to be one of the nation’s premier teams. Yet, it is early February and Kentucky is on the bubble after a dismal loss at rebuilding Georgia on Saturday. Aside from an impressive win at No. 6 Tennessee on Jan. 14, the résumé is pedestrian at best. The defense is ranked 87th nationally in efficiency. It certainly doesn’t look good for Calipari that Bryce Hopkins, an uber-talented wing who rarely played last season, has blossomed into a Big East Player of the Year candidate under Ed Cooley at Providence. Kentucky could use him this year. Now, there are plenty of opportunities left for the Wildcats in the top-heavy SEC to play their way off the bubble. They still have games left against projected tournament teams Tennessee, Arkansas, Auburn and Texas A&M, and then the conference tournament. This group has shown instances of promise, most notably the win at Tennessee. Consistency, however, has escaped Calipari and Co. Kentucky still has a few weeks left to find it. Otherwise, it will create some unwanted history, and the heat on the coach will increase significantly. If not for a big finish, more and more questions will arise about his ability to win big again, despite the top-ranked recruiting class he has coming in next year. This team’s problem, after all, doesn’t feel like a talent issue. The NCAA Tournament is still over a month away, but I will be picking teams based on one unscientific method: Back the Big 12. No teams will be better prepared than those coming from the best league in the country. The league is cannibalizing itself. No. 12 Kansas State has lost three of four. No. 17 TCU has dropped three straight. No. 11 Iowa State has fallen in three of its last four contests. Only two losses separate six teams at the top of the conference. In the transfer portal era, where we see coaches turn around programs in one year, there are examples of patience paying off. You’re seeing it at Pittsburgh as Jeff Capel has the Panthers tied atop the ACC with No. 8 Virginia in his fifth season and you’re seeing it at Northwestern, where Chris Collins has the Wildcats in position to return to the tournament for the first time in six years after their upset of No. 1 Purdue — the school’s first ever over No. 1 — on Sunday. The quick hook doesn’t always pay off. Continuity can work. The Crimson Tide aren’t just the lone undefeated high-major program in conference play, they have hardly been tested in the SEC, winning their 12 league games by an average of 21.1 points. Wednesday in Knoxville will be Alabama’s stiffest challenge, facing Tennessee’s top-ranked defense based on efficiency. It is a fascinating contrast in styles, the go-go Crimson Tide against the plodding, defensively stout Volunteers. 1. Alabama, Purdue, Kansas, Houston 2. Texas, Arizona, UCLA, Tennessee 3. Virginia, Baylor, Marquette, Gonzaga 4. Iowa State, Indiana, Kansas State, Connecticut The 2021 national champion is looking like a Final Four contender of late. It has moved within one game of Big 12-leader Texas after winning nine of its last 10 games, which have included victories over No. 9 Kansas, No. 17 TCU and on-the-rise Oklahoma State. There are few backcourts better than the trio of Adam Flagler, elite freshman Keyonte George and LJ Cryer, which has led the nation’s best offense in terms of efficiency, and the frontcourt recently received a boost from the return of experienced forward Jonathan Tchamwa Tchatchoua from injury. The top-three of Florida Atlantic, North Texas and UAB are as good as any mid-major’s best trio in the country. All three are ranked in the top 64 of the NET, and have the pieces to do damage in the NCAA Tournament. But only Florida Atlantic, courtesy of its 5-2 record in Quad 1 and 2 games and 20 NET ranking, has a shot at an at-large bid. Led by dynamic guard Jordan Walker, UAB reached the tournament last year and has won five of its last six games. That includes a victory over Florida Atlantic, the Owls’ lone conference loss. Conference USA’s postseason tournament has the potential for some epic games. Saturday afternoon at the Garden might end up costing the Friars a shot at repeating as Big East regular-season champions. Their ugly loss to disappointing St. John’s in the least makes the road a lot harder. No. 20 Providence is now a game in the loss column behind the big three of No. 10 Marquette, No. 13 Xavier and No. 23 Creighton, and has dropped two of its last three games. The starting backcourt of Noah Locke and Jared Bynum shot a combined 4-for-21 from the field in the surprising loss. Providence’s last quality win was way back on Jan. 4 over No. 21 UConn. You figured it would take time. So much talent left the program after Will Wade’s firing. It’s still rather stunning to see LSU not only in the SEC basement, but owning a 1-11 conference record. Matt McMahon is a quality coach. He reached three NCAA Tournaments in his last five seasons at Murray State. The SEC, of course, is a different animal from the Ohio Valley Conference. He’s learning that quickly this winter with his team in the midst of a miserable 12-game losing streak. extra