Five people — including a patient and a medic who was a new father — were killed when a mercy flight crashed in bad weather in a mountainous region of Nevada on Friday night, officials said. The fixed-wing Care Flight aircraft vanished from flight radar near Stagecoach around 9:45 p.m., shortly after Lyon County Sheriff dispatchers received calls for a possible plane crash, the department said. It took rescue crews about 90 minutes to locate the downed plane in the small community 45 miles southeast of Reno. “We are heartbroken to report that we have now received confirmation from Central Lyon County Fire Department that none of the five people on board survived,” REMSA Health, the Reno-based medical flight service operator, said in a statement Saturday. “The five people on board were a pilot, a flight nurse, a flight paramedic, a patient and a patient’s family member.” Though officials have not yet publicly named the crash victims or revealed the circumstances around the plane ride, families of those killed have shed some light on the tragedy. Mark “Bear” Rand was identified as the patient onboard who was “on his way to receive life saving medical treatment in Utah” with his wife Terri by his side, his family said on a GoFundMe page. “What was supposed to be a saving grace, ended in tragedy for the Rand family and the families of the crew and first responders on board,” the post read. Scott Walton was manning the aircraft when it crashed Thursday night, according to his family. The father of three young girls was described as a passionate pilot dedicated to helping patients access vital medical treatments. “Transporting patients to receive life-saving care was an absolute passion and life’s mission for Scott. He was one of those special people who lit up a room, who brought smiles to everyone’s face, who never met a stranger,” a fundraiser said. Brand-new father Ryan Watson, 27, was identified as the flight’s paramedic. “Ryan was a loving Husband, New Father, Son, Brother, Friend, and an incredible care provider whose dedication to his family and community was unmatched,” his family wrote in a GoFundMe. “Ryan loved being a Flight Medic and brought a positive attitude to every call and patient interaction he had. Ryan had an infectious personality; he was hilarious, ambitious, and free-spirited. He loved traveling the world and going on extreme adventures outside of work with his beautiful wife Kailey, Family, and Friends.” According to the post, Watson leaves behind a newborn son who was born just one month ago. Military veteran and father of two Ed Pricola was working as the flight nurse. The CrossFit enthusiast had only been working with Care Flight since the fall, his family said in an online fundraiser. “It’s no surprise that Ed, at 32 years old, was helping others when his life was taken far too soon from all of his loved ones,” the post said. Pricola leaves behind his wife of 12 years, 4-year-old daughter Riley and 2-year-old son Everett. Several local and state agencies staged a motorcade to escort the bodies of those killed in the crash. The plane crashed during a winter storm warning issued by the National Weather Service in Reno for large swaths of Nevada, including Lyon County. Heavy snow was expected that evening, with wind gusts of up to 65 mph and periods of whiteout conditions between 4 a.m. Friday and 4 a.m. Sunday. “It’s a pretty mountainous region,” Lyon County Sgt. Nathan Cooper said. “Especially with the weather being the way it is right now, it’s not very good.” Care Flight identified the downed aircraft as a Pilatus PC-12 airplane. FAA records show the aircraft was manufactured in 2002. The cause of the crash is still under investigation. With Post Wires