I’ll take “Unhappy Fans” for 100. The “Jeopardy!” hosting schedule was announced on Monday’s “Inside Jeopardy!” podcast — and viewers are seething about the decision-making. “Ken Jennings will be back on March 10, and then he will continue the rest of his syndicated run, which will take us through April 28,” producer Sarah Foss shared. “Then Mayim [Bialik] will take over on May 1, and she’ll take us all the way through the summer.” Fans appeared divided on the splitting of the hosting duties. “Celebrity Jeopardy!” — hosted by Bialik — wrapped its run of prime-time episodes on Feb. 2. Bialik is also hosting the “High School Reunion Tournament” special, which finishes airing March 9. Twenty-seven contestants from past teen tournaments compete in the tourney, which is a twist on the “National College Championship” format. Following the reunion tournament, Jennings’ episodes will run from March 10 through April 28. After that, he likely won’t be back as host of the syndicated episodes until September. However, Jennings will helm the prime-time series “Jeopardy! Masters,” which features six notable “Jeopardy!” champions competing over 10 hourlong episodes. A premiere date has not been announced. Fans of the beloved quiz show responded angrily to the schedule news when it was posted by the Twitter account “Is Ken Jennings Hosting Jeopardy! This Week?” “Great! I’ll put it in my calendar for when I can resume watching @Jeopardy again,” one person snarked. “I want Ken full time … I don’t understand why they have the switch-a-roo thing that has no relevance because people miss half a season of Jeopardy! anyways. So why can’t Ken be like the whole regular season, so we don’t miss half a season of Jeopardy! each year,” another complained. “Keep Ken! For crying out loud he is a natural host. Mayim play acts host and it is annoying. Let her host celebrity shows,” someone argued. “Ugh. Hoping that 4/28 gets extended,” a fan wished. “Jeopardy, stop trying to make Mayim happen. It’s not going to happen,” another quipped. “Can we for the love of god just have Mayim host Celebrity Jeopardy! One of the contestants even admitted that her pacing and the way she reads the clues is just plain bad. There’s literally no reason why she should be hosting syndicated,” a person suggested. The Post reached out to “Jeopardy!” reps for comment on the schedule backlash. Not everyone was in a tizzy over the timetable. “Mayim does a great job hosting. Some folks just can’t deal with a woman hosting a game show. I look forward to the Mayim shows,” one admirer attested. “I watch these 2 and they are great hosts,” one fan fawned. Bialik and Jennings were officially named hosts in July 2022, following a tumultuous era after Alex Trebek died of pancreatic cancer in November 2020 at age 80. A series of guest hosts took their shots and producer Mike Richards was given the mantle. Richards ultimately resigned shortly thereafter, in August 2021, after reports of past misogynistic comments surfaced. Bialik and Jennings split duties following Richards’ brief tenure. Bialik and Jennings have faced their own share of criticism. Jennings has been called out for hosting snafus and past insensitive tweets. Bialik, meanwhile, shared comparisons viewers have made between herself and Jennings on a June 2022 episode of her podcast, “Bialik Breakdown.” She talked with actor Justin Long about the feedback she has received, including “We don’t prefer you to Ken.” She said she’s garnered disapproval on everything from her hair and makeup to her “nerd” wardrobe. “[Fans will tell you] exactly how they feel. Like, ‘I saw you in a magazine. I was very confused. You looked pretty.’ I get that a lot,” Bialik revealed on the podcast.