Members of the Secret Service were puzzled  about the agency’s alleged involvement in an investigation of a gun owned by Hunter Biden which was allegedly dumped in a trash can by his then-girlfriend in 2018, a trove of new emails reveals. As a former vice president, Biden and his family were not receiving Secret Service protection at the time of the “alleged incident” — and one agent speculated that “maybe we were asked for a favor?” according to emails obtained through a Freedom of Information Act request by nonprofit  Judicial Watch. After Joe Biden became president, the agency was in contact with the White House to produce a public statement insisting they had “no involvement in this alleged incident,” emails show. In October 2020 an agent, whose name was redacted, shared a link an article from The Blaze about the incident in an email chain with other agents, the trove shows. “Oh dear…….,” the agent noted. “Maybe we were asked as a favor?” another agent chimed in. A third responder on the thread added that “It’s kind of odd that we were involved in the missing gun investigation when neither Hunter or Joe were even receiving USSS protection at that time? Hmmm.” Hunter’s 2018 gun purchase is believed to be part of a years-long investigation into his personal and professional activities by the Department of Justice. The probe is being led by Delaware US attorney David Weiss, who was appointed to the post by former President Trump. On a federal transaction record recording the gun purchase, Hunter Biden responded “no” to question which read, “Are you an unlawful user of, or addicted to, marijuana or any depressant, stimulant, narcotic drug, or any other controlled substance?” His drug and alcohol abuse during this period have ben copiously documented in news reports. Hallie Biden, Hunter’s girlfriend at the time, allegedly tossed the gun into a trash can across from a local high school because she feared Hunter would kill himself, Politico reported in March 2021. Local police began investigating after Hallie went back for the pistol and found it missing. That’s when the Secret Service also reportedly inserted itself into the fray, contacting the gun store where Hunter purchased the piece and asked for the sale paperwork. Store owner, Ron Palmieri, refused to comply, but did eventually hand over the documents to the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms. “The Secret Service is being cagey about what it did for Hunter and I believe Hunter when he said the FBI and Secret Service had intervened for him,” Judicial Watch President Tom Fitton told The Post. “In my view this is another seaming example of Hunter and the Bidens getting taken care of and getting protected from the consequences of bad behavior — in this case this domestic issue which led to this gun being disposed of in an unsafe manner.” 