The younger sister and parents of “Rust” cinematographer Halyna Hutchins have been trapped in war-torn Ukraine by her death. The cinematographer’s family were devastated by her fatal shooting on set by Alec Baldwin in October 2021 and her death cut off a vital lifeline which could have seen them flee the war with Russia which broke out in February 2022. Announcing a lawsuit against Baldwin and the other producers of the Western movie Thursday on behalf of the family, lawyers explained how Halyna had been helping them financially before her death and would’ve pulled them out of the war-ravaged country as soon as war erupted. “Halyna Hutchins came to the United States from Ukraine to follow her dream and that dream included making a better life for herself and her entire family,” said lawyer John Carpenter. “When Halyna was taken away by Baldwin and the ‘Rust’ producers, they delivered a wound that will last forever— a gaping wound that never really heals. The only thing that would make that a little better is justice.” Instead, Halyna’s sister Svetlana Zemko, father and solider Anatolli Androsovyych and mother Olga Solovey are trapped in the Eastern European country as Russian bombing and assaults continue. Solovey is even working as a “first-line” emergency room nurse in Ukraine, the attorney said. In a short video played in court she could be seen wiping tears from her face as she spoke about her daughter. Zemko’s husband also took up arms as a soldier fighting for Ukraine since Russians invaded their hometown, Allred told The Post. “There is still hope that one day they will be able to come to live in the United States and be an important part of their grandson’s life,” Allred said of Hutchins’ grieving parents. Ukrainians living in the US are able to secure legal status for their family members from the Ukraine to join them in the country through the Uniting For Ukraine program, which was announced in April 2022. The civil lawsuit was filed at Los Angeles Superior Court Thursday and alleges battery, intentional infliction of emotional distress, negligence and loss of consortium. Hutchins’ younger sister Zemko said: “It’s devastating to see the utter suffering of our parents and how their health has sharply declined. It is for this reason that I would like those… or somebody to carry that responsibility. And not just someone, but someone who is truly responsible for this. I believe to let this go and to leave this unpunished is not allowable.” Lawyer Gloria Allred said Baldwin has not reached out to Hutchins’ parents and sister. The attorney said they have not also not spoken to her husband Matthew Hutchins about this new lawsuit, as he had reached a separate settlement with Baldwin over a lawsuit he filed last year. The terms of Baldwin’s settlement with Hutchin’s husband, which was completed in October, were not publicly disclosed.. Carpenter said there is legal precedence which allows family members of victims to seek damages even if they live in another country. Allred’s announcement comes after the Santa Fe district attorney charged Baldwin last month with two counts of involuntary manslaughter for the shooting. If convicted, he could face up to five years in prison. The Hutchins estate filed the original wrongful death suit in February 2022, claiming that Baldwin, 64, “recklessly shot and killed” the mom of one. When he settled his lawsuit on behalf of himself and Halyna’s young daughter, Matthew appeared ready to move on. “I have no interest in engaging in recriminations or attribution of blame (to the producers or Mr. Baldwin). All of us believe Halyna’s death was a terrible accident,” he said in a statement. It was also announced the movie would resume filming, with Matthew Hutchins on board as an executive producer. The late cinematographer’s husband has no involvement in the suit announced Thursday. Since the October 2021 fatal shooting that also injured director Joel Souza, Baldwin has been hit with two other lawsuits, including one from “Rust” gaffer Serge Svetnoy and Maimie Mitchel, who is also represented by Allred. The film’s armorer, Hannah Gutierrez-Reed— who was in charge of the weapons during filming— also faces the same criminal charges as Baldwin. Gutierrez-Reed is also one of the defendants named in the latest lawsuit filed by Hutchins’ family. “Our focus is on those who are responsible for the untimely tragic death of Halyna Hutchins,” Allred said.