For this extremely endowed diva, it was surgery or bust! A Gen Z’er plagued with size 34KK breasts, enormous mounds that were severely “crushing” her body and soul, shelled out more than $9,000 to have her massive mammaries minimized. “Having big breasts was a daily struggle, there wasn’t one moment of relief,” Kaeleen Stammers, 24, from London, said. “My tight bras would dig into my shoulders, rib cage and sides —sometimes cutting my skin and always marking it terribly. “I had to sleep with two sports bras just to be semi-comfortable,” Stammers, a content creator and model, lamented, “but I [was] always under the crushing weight of my breasts.” In addition to the physical burden of her bountiful bosom, the runway walker said her large chest also saddled her with the weight of undesired attention from others. “Before the surgery, men would stare all day, every day, and on occasion tut because they thought I had gotten ridiculous implants,” she complained to NeedToKnow.Online. “Women also gave me dirty looks and clutched their partner’s hand and searched their eyes to make sure they weren’t looking at me.” An ashamed Stammers would often attempt to mask her voluptuousness in effort to avoid the undue scrutiny. “I started wearing baggy clothes so I wouldn’t make them feel insecure or welcome a male gaze,” she confessed. However, by June 2022, Stammers resolved to undergo breast reduction surgery in the hopes of leading life more comfortably. But when the UK’s National Health Service, or NHS, refused to pay for the procedure, owing to her BMI, she opted to cover its more than $9,450 cost out of pocket. “Doctors removed [5.7 pounds] of breast tissue and fat,” Stammers rejoiced. Cosmetic surgeon Lyndsey Highton managed to reduce her breasts from a gargantuan 34KK to a 34F. “It wasn’t until afterwards that I realized I was able to breathe properly and expand my lungs for what felt like the first time ever,” said Stammers. “My doctor did a fantastic job, and the hospital staff and aftercare was fantastic.” The boons of the operation notwithstanding, Stammers admitted that her post-op road to recovery came with a few bumps. “My experience was absolutely wonderful but very emotional,” she conceded. “I remember being so terrified that I would open my wounds, and feeling so weak I didn’t believe I could leave the hospital the next day but the staff looked after me until I was released.” While convalescing, an otherwise independent Stammers was forced to rely on her parents and best friend for help carrying out everyday tasks. “The first weeks were very, very painful and I had to understand how morphine worked, as well as figure out what dosage was right for me,” she said. “It was also frustrating not being able to do anything for myself. “My dad waited on me hand and foot,” Stammers continued, “bringing me meals that my mum cooked, adjusting my pillows and watching over me. He barely slept.” But now, in the seven months since her surgery, Stammers has made a full recovery and is optimistic about the future. “Before the surgery, I would dread any social events, especially during summer because I would be swelteringly hot, my inner arms getting shredded by my side boob and scratchy bra,” she said. “Now I feel completely and entirely free to express myself through fashion each day, I’m always excited to try new clothing and see how it falls on my new figure. I can also walk down the street without people staring.” And thanks to her lessened load, Stammers has been able to adopt a healthy workout regimen. “I’m also free to exercise at long last, so I’ve been heavily into Pilates and yoga [for the past few months],” she gushed. “I feel like I have a new lease on life and don’t have to second-guess my hopes, dreams, desires and capability of doing mundane things.” And Stammers, who recently debuted her eye-popping transformation on TikTok, encouraged any other busty belles considering going under the knife to go for it. “Don’t wait too long!” she urged, adding that she’s connected with women in breast reduction communities on Facebook who’ve provided her with a virtual support system. “It will be the best decision you have ever made. “Your body will look, feel and change drastically after the operation,” Stammers warned, “but go with the flow and the process!”