The Democrat-led New York state Senate called a sudden, full-chamber vote Wednesday to shoot down Gov. Kathy Hochul’s nomination of Justice Hector LaSalle as head of the state’s highest court. The 39-20 vote, corralled by Majority Leader Andrea Stewart-Cousins (D-Yonkers) against LaSalle, marked the first time the state Senate has rejected a New York governor’s pick for chief judge. The power play by her fellow Democratic leader weakens Hochul just as she begins her first full term and as she enters crucial budget negotiations with Stewart-Cousins and Assembly Speaker Carl Heastie (D-Bronx). Senators voted almost entirely along party lines, with all Democrats present and one Republican — Mario Mattera of Long Island — opposing the centrist Democrat. Stewart-Cousins called the surprise vote seemingly in response to a lawsuit filed last week by Republican members of the chamber, and tacitly supported by Hochul, that sought a full vote on the centrist Democrat’s nomination. The majority leader also appeared, once again, to have stacked the deck against LaSalle — and Hochul — because two of the judge’s supporters, Sen. Luis Sepulveda (D-The Bronx) and Sen. Kevin Thomas (D-Long Island), were not in Albany for the hasty vote. Previously, the Senate Judiciary Committee added anti-LaSalle members to its ranks to ensure his nomination would not be passed in committee. “The Senate is panicking. They know they screwed up. They know they’re gonna lose the lawsuit,” the source said. “So, now they’re trying to force a vote when two yes votes are out of Albany. The fix is in.” LaSalle took a seat alone in the upstairs gallery of the Senate chamber in Albany to watch the pre-voting debate on the floor. He declined comment to reporters as he swiftly left following the vote At one point, state Sen. Anthony Palumbo (R-Long Island), the lead plaintiff in Thursday’s suit, fumed: “This is once again a manipulation of the process.” State Sen. George Borrello (R-Jamestown) also told the chamber’s Democrats, “You shredded the constitution and today we bring it back.” Sepulveda’s office confirmed Wednesday morning that he would not be in Albany due to a family health emergency. In a statement issued after Stewart-Cousins’ announcement of the vote call, Sepulveda’s spokesperson said, “It is the prerogative of the leadership to carry out the Senate’s agenda and the senator is respectful of that process.” Thomas’ office said he was out of the country, without elaborating. Hochul all but accused the Senate leader of flexing her muscles over LaSalle’s nomination. “I’ve said all along, as recently as Monday, that I believe that the constitution requires this to go to the full Senate for a vote. That was disputed up until today,” she said during an unrelated news conference in Manhattan. Hochul, clearly trying to put a positive spin on Stewart-Cousins’ power move, called it “a good outcome, to at least let it get to the floor of the Senate.” In a statement later, Hochul called the vote “long overdue” but said, “it was not a vote on the merits of Justice LaSalle, who is an overwhelmingly qualified and talented jurist. “Now that the full Senate has taken a vote, I will work toward making a new nomination. I remain committed to selecting a qualified candidate to lead the court and deliver justice. That is what New Yorkers deserve.” Earlier, when asked about a joke made earlier in the day by state Sen. Liz Krueger (D-Manhattan), who said that “nice doesn’t play in Albany,” the governor paused before answering with a sly smile. “My position is this: I’ve been called an iron fist inside of a velvet glove. Sometimes the glove comes off, sometimes it doesn’t have to. We can handle Albany,” said Hochul, who last month signed off on pay raises for the very Legislature that seems to have turned against her. Veteran Democratic consultant Hank Sheinkopf said the vote would prove to be “another way for the downstate, progressive Democrat-controlled state Senate to again pump themselves up.”“It’s all about proving who’s in charge,” he added. Asked afterwards whether the hasty scheduling of the LaSalle was fair, especially to the two absent members, Stewart-Cousins replied: “Both of them had an opportunity during the [committee] hearing, which as far as we’re concerned, actually, was, you know, that opportunity, and they they were there for that.” The Senate has 63 members — 42 Democrats and 21 Republicans — but most had not publicly taken a position on LaSalle ahead of the vote Wednesday. Several senators abruptly left a joint legislative hearing in apparent preparation for voting, cutting short the testimony of Mayor Eric Adams as he sought additional funding for New York City during what’s known as “Tin Cup Day” in Albany.“ “Unfortunately, there’s so much other things going on right at the moment that I’m the only representative from the Senate left,” Krueger said. Adams said afterward that he wasn’t worried about not getting to finish testifying “because I have an amazing State Legislative Affairs Committee up here.” “I personally believe that it got cut short because they believe I’m doing a great job in the city,” he joked. Bill Hammond of the conservative Empire Center for Public Policy think tank tweeted an image of a calendar that shows the Senate isn’t scheduled to convene again until Feb. 27. He also took a shot at Stewart-Cousins by sarcastically alluding to “the idea that the fight over LaSalle is distracting the Legislature from the urgent work of crafting a budget.” In January, Gov. Kathy Hochul nominated LaSalle — now presiding justice of the Appellate Division’s Second Department in Brooklyn — to become the first Hispanic chief judge of the state Court of Appeals. But the Senate Judiciary Committee narrowly blocked the move, voting 10-9 to reject the governor’s choice. The historic decision came after Senate Democrats expanded the committee from 15 to 19 members, adding three more Democrats and packing the committee with progressives opposed to LaSalle. On Thursday, Sen. Anthony Palumbo (R-Long Island) filed suit to force a full Senate vote, saying that the state constitution only allows the Judiciary Committee to provide “‘advice and consent’ to the entire Senate Membership.” Former Democratic Gov. David Paterson predicted Sunday that Palumbo’s suit would prove successful, saying that “the Democrats, unfortunately, cannot cite any reason why LaSalle’s nomination didn’t go to the full Senate.” On Tuesday, Stewart-Cousins publicly responded to the suit, saying, “The constitution allows us to make our own rules — and our rules were followed.” But she also said that even if Palumbo were to win in court, LaSalle “does not have the votes” for confirmation.In her statement Wednesday, Stewart-Cousins said, “This court case, if allowed to continue, would’ve dragged on for months and stymied our judicial system. It’s time to put this matter to rest.”