There is a warrant out for the arrest of Bengals running back Joe Mixon, according to multiple reports. Pro Football Focus first reported that there is a warrant out for the arrest of the star on one count of aggravated menacing. Local news affiliate WKRC added that Mixon is accused of pointing a gun at a woman in Cincinnati. “You should be popped in the face. I should shoot you now,” Mixon allegedly told the woman. “The police can’t get me.” Mixon’s agent, Peter Schaffer, spoke to NFL Network and claimed the misdemeanor charge will be dropped Friday morning. “It was a rush to judgment, Schaffer told NFL Network. “They’re dropping the charges first thing in the morning. I really feel that police have an obligation before they file charges — because of the damage that can be done to the person’s reputation — to do their work. They should be held to a higher standard. Because I don’t play with people’s lives.” Mixon was selected in the second round by the Bengals in the 2017 NFL Draft and has played six seasons with the team. This past season, he carried the ball 210 times for 814 yards and had seven touchdowns in the regular season. He had a combined 39 carries for 163 yards and a touchdown in the team’s three postseason games. “The club is aware misdemeanor charges have been raised against Joe Mixon,” the Bengals said in a statement, per ESPN. “The club is investigating the situation and will not comment further at this time.” Mixon is two years into a four-year, $48 million contract. Even prior to the incident, Mixon had been mentioned as a potential cap casualty by outlets such as The Athletic. In 2017, Mixon reached a civil settlement with a woman that he punched in the face as a recruit at the University of Oklahoma. Mixon was suspended for the entire 2014 college season as a result of the incident. Last year, when the Bengals were in the Super Bowl, Mixon spoke to reporters about how the team had been providing him with a strong support system to make the most of his second chance. “When I came here, since Day 1, they told me, ‘We’re here to let me know that no matter what, I always had a shoulder to lean on,’ ’’ Mixon said. “For those guys to do that when I came here it meant a lot. I was just happy to be a part of something special in terms of being in the NFL, and now that I’m literally playing on the highest level and in the best game in the history of sports, I feel so blessed and fortunate to be in this situation.’’