Alabama basketball star Brandon Miller “never touched the gun” that was allegedly used in a murder last month near campus in Tuscaloosa, Ala., according to a statement released by his attorneys Wednesday. One of the freshman’s attorneys, Jim Standridge, released the statement a day after police testimony alleged Miller was asked to bring a gun to teammate Darius Miles and another man, Michael Lynn Davis, in the early morning hours of Jan. 15. “Brandon never touched the gun, was not involved in its exchange to Mr. Davis in any way, and never knew that illegal activity involving the gun would occur,” the statement from Miller’s attorneys read in part. Miles and Davis have been charged with capital murder in the death of 23-year-old Jamea Jonae Harris after allegedly opening fire at a car and killing Harris in an area called “The Strip,” near the Alabama campus. Det. Brandon Culpepper testified, according to AL.com, that when Miller arrived at the scene, Miles told Davis, “The heat is in the hat,” and “There’s one in the head,” referring to the gun having arrived with a round in the chamber. Miles admitted providing the gun that was used in the shooting, investigators said, but told them that it was Davis who fired the weapon. The gun was merely in Miller’s car — unbeknownst to Miller — his attorneys claim. Miller, who has not faced charges as a result of his contact with Miles, was on the court for the Crimson Tide on Wednesday night and poured in a career-high 41 points — including a tie-breaking layup with 0.9 seconds left in 78-76 win at South Carolina. Neither Miller nor any other players were made available to the media after the game. “UA Athletics continues to cooperate fully with law enforcement in the on-going investigation of this tragic situation,” Alabama said in a statement Wednesday. “Based on all the information we have received, Brandon Miller is not considered a suspect in this case, only a cooperative witness. Today’s statement from Brandon’s lawyer adds additional context that the University has considered as part of its review of the facts. Based on all of the facts we have gathered, Brandon remains an active member of our team.” Miller’s attorney said Miles asked Miller for a ride to a nightclub following the Crimson Tide’s win over LSU on Jan. 14, and that Miles brought his “legal handgun” and left it in the back seat of Miller’s vehicle. Standridge also said Miller never saw or handled the gun, adding that it was “concealed” under some clothing in the back seat. While Miles went to a nightclub, Miller went to a restaurant, the statement said. Around midnight, Miles then asked Miller for a ride to meet friends, according to the statement. Before Miller arrived, according to the statement, Miles and a companion of Harris’ had “apparently exchanged words,” unbeknownst to Miller. “Brandon subsequently arrived at the scene to pick up Mr. Miles,” the statement read. “Brandon never got out of his vehicle or interacted with anyone in Ms. Harris’ party. He was never involved in a verbal altercation with Cedric Johnson or Mr. Davis.” Standridge added that all of the events described in the statement were captured on video and there is “no dispute” about Miller’s activities that night. “Brandon does not own a firearm and has never even handled a firearm,” the statement said. “Moreover, he had no knowledge of any intent to use any weapon.“Gunfire erupted shortly after the Jeep arrived and Brandon’s vehicle was struck by bullets fired from one of the guns. Brandon quickly left the area when gunfire erupted. As soon as he was notified that someone had been injured and the police wished to speak with him, he has fully cooperated with law enforcement’s investigation.” According to the statement, Miller has given several interviews with law enforcement, has volunteered to have his phone contents extracted, as well as the contents of his vehicle. “It’s sad,” Alabama coach Nate Oats said of Miller’s alleged involvement. “We knew about that — can’t control everything anybody does outside of practice. Nobody knew that was going to happen. College kids are out, Brandon hasn’t been in any type of trouble or is in any type of trouble in this case. Wrong spot at the wrong time.” Oats, who did not know of Miles’ request to Miller at the time, later called his initial remarks “unfortunate” and said his statements “came across poorly.” Miles has since been dismissed from the Alabama team. His lawyer and those of Davis are claiming self-defense and are asking for their clients to be released on bond.