It isn’t easy to think of items we haven’t purchased on Amazon. Outdoor patio furniture? Yes. A pair of jeans? Absolutely. Now, shopping for mattresses online is all the rage. Because there’s nothing more satisfying than seeing the Prime truck mosey its way to your front door (#serotoninboost), we did a deep dive into the expert-backed strategies for ordering a mattress online — in part, by turning to a handful of sleep experts themselves. “A good mattress will keep your spine aligned while you sleep,” Shelby Harris, PsyD, licensed clinical psychologist and director of sleep health at Sleepopolis, told the New York Post. “Your sleep position, body type and personal preferences for feel and materials will all play a role in determining which mattress is best suited for your needs.” Below, you’ll want to peruse our in-depth FAQ section, where we help answer the questions you stay up at night thinking about (probably on your meh mattress, which is why you’re reading this), like what to look for, depending on your usual sleep position and much, much more. Below, Dr. Harris hand-picked the 10 best Amazon mattresses you can snag right now, then read on to see what she and our other experts say about what to look for online, how to clean your mattress, and even tips for sleepers in terms of sleeping position. The Studio by Leesa Mattress uses a combination of memory foam and poly foam to give this mattress great support and pressure relief. “This mattress also has great motion isolation, so it’s a good option for anyone who sleeps with a partner or a pet,” Harris notes. The Purple Mattress has excellent temperature regulation and airflow, making it a good option for hot sleepers. “The top layer of GelFlex Grid can help reduce pain and relieve pressure, so this is also a good choice for sleepers looking for a mattress to help with pain relief- or combination sleepers who change positions throughout the night,” Harris explains. “The Tuft & Needle Mattress is an all-foam medium-feel mattress that is very supportive, cooling and great for back sleepers who need to maintain healthy spine alignment throughout the night,” Harris highlights. This mattress also comes at an affordable price point. According to Harris, this mattress is best for side sleepers or anyone who enjoys a softer memory foam mattress. “It uses six inches of memory foam on the top layer that decreases motion transfer, promotes spinal alignment and provides good edge support,” she adds. Per Harris, this mattress has a medium-firm feel and is a good option for combination or hot sleepers. “It uses coils and memory foam to provide pressure relief and support,” she says. “The memory foam is also charcoal-infused, which helps keep you cool while sleeping.” “This is an all-foam mattress but has great cooling properties, such as gel infusion in the top layer of memory foam,” Harris shares. It’s also a great option for those on a budget or shopping for a mattress to put in a guest room. Although this mattress is all memory foam, it is infused with cooling gel, so you shouldn’t overheat during the night. “It’s a good option if you’re looking for something that contours to your body and provides pressure relief,” Harris notes. According to Harris: “This bed is super soft and has great support for the hips and shoulders.” For this reason, it’s ideal for side sleepers. “This mattress features a three-inch top layer of memory foam that is supportive enough for side sleepers or anyone who enjoys sinking into their mattress,” Harris shares. It also comes at a lower price point compared to similar memory foam mattresses. The Casper Original Mattress is made entirely of foam and has a middle layer that stays soft for certain sections of the body and firm for others. “It also has great pressure relief and support, so it’s a good option for back sleepers or those who have back pain,” Harris notes. Ahead, our team of sleep experts answers some of the most frequently asked questions about ordering a mattress on Amazon online, along with what to know depending on specific sleep preferences. “A good mattress should balance support and comfort, meaning that it keeps your spine in alignment while also preventing any pressure points,” David Rubin, director of product testing at TheSleepDoctor.com, told The Post. According to Harris, your sleep position, body type, and personal preferences for feel and materials will all play a role in determining which mattress is best suited for your needs. “You also want to consider cost, convenience, durability, whether or not you sleep with a partner and any sleep issues you may regularly face — hot sleepers, back pain, etc. — and shop for mattresses designed as remedies for these specific needs.” A significant aspect to consider: if you’re frequently changing positions, there is a good chance your sleep is fragmented, leading you to lose out on the deeper stages of sleep. This makes you more likely to wake up tired, even if you thought you got 8 hours of sleep. “When you’re trying out the mattress, you should be able to lie in one position without moving around for at least a few minutes,” Alanna McGinn, CEO and certified sleep expert at Good Night Sleep Site, told The Post. “If you can do that, you’ve found a good mattress.” Ahead, our sleep experts list and explain the different types of mattresses you can order online: According to Rubin, back sleepers “generally need a medium firm mattress with solid support.” This can come from any material, though a hybrid — he shares — is most likely to provide the right balance of support and cushioning with the slimmest margin for error. “If a mattress is too firm, back sleepers could experience back or shoulder pain due to unnecessary tension throughout the night,” Harris adds. “If the mattress is too soft, the spine can’t align correctly and can also cause pain in the morning.” “It’s important to keep your body aligned when sleeping on your side,” McGinn advises. “You want to take the pressure off your hips and shoulders and will be looking for plush and ultra plush mattress options like a memory foam or pillow top mattress.” That said, side sleepers should avoid a mattress that’s too soft, according to Ruth, as that can cause the spine to curve and fall out of alignment.  (Related: Best pillows for every sleeper) Stomach sleepers will most likely find a firm or ultra-firm mattress the most comfortable. “A firm mattress will help align the hips with the shoulders while on their stomach,” Harris notes. “A soft mattress may cause the hips to sink out of alignment with the rest of the spine, which can be uncomfortable and lead to pain in the morning.” Looking for a  highly supportive mattress between a seven and nine on the firmness scale is ideal. “Stomach sleepers will likely do best on an innerspring or hybrid mattress,” she adds. “A memory foam mattress can be a great choice for cold sleepers as they lock in the heat,” McGinn shares. Harris adds that these may look like breathable innerspring mattresses, and you’ll want to steer clear of any mattress that boasts added cooling materials. Interestingly, bedding plays a significant role, according to Rubin. “Flannel sheets, thick blankets and comforters and even weighted blankets can make any mattress feel warmer.”  (Related: Best duvet covers) Innerspring mattresses promote airflow, helping circulate body heat and increase breathability. Latex mattresses are also naturally cooling and won’t trap your body heat, keeping you cool while you sleep. “There are a lot of mattresses that have cooling materials as well, such as copper-infused foams or Phase Change Material,” Harris adds. “This is where you may want to choose an innerspring coil mattress that provides better airflow and a cooler sleep,” says McGinn. Like any product, It’s important to do your research. But, with mattresses, pay close attention to the construction, foam density (generally, the denser, the better) and any unique technology the mattress may include (Phase Change Material, moisture-wicking properties, etc.), according to Harris. “Check if the brand offers a trial period in case you need to return your mattress if it doesn’t work for you or arrives defective,” she points out. “Keep in mind that every brand is different, and you should always read the fine print regarding warranties and returns before you purchase a new mattress.” According to Rubin, it takes your body 21 to 30 days for your circadian rhythm to adjust and get used to a new mattress, so make sure your mattress trial period is at least 60 days. Especially with online mattress shopping growing in popularity, McGinn notes, shuffling through online store reviews can give you the best information you need to make sure that you are choosing the best mattress for your specific sleep needs. If your mattress starts to sag or has noticeable impressions, it’s probably time to replace it, according to Rubin. “In general, a mattress should last about six to nine years, depending on the material,” he adds. Memory foam will have the shortest lifespan, too. “Outside of this time frame, if your mattress is uncomfortable, negatively affecting your sleep or is noticeably saggy or damaged in certain areas, it may be time to shop for a replacement,” McGinn recommends. Ahead, our team of sleep experts provides some helpful tips for cleaning and ensuring your mattress is in the best shape possible — even after your first sleep: According to Harris, baking soda is a natural deodorizer that makes it perfect for cleaning a mattress. “It’s also relatively mild, which means you can use it on fabrics safely without fear of damage. Combining baking soda with vinegar is a well-known cleaning tip for shifting difficult or set stains.” Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.