The widow of a slain Florida Microsoft manager pleaded with his accused killer to reveal his alleged accomplices in the shocking crime Monday. Jared Bridegan, a 33-year-old father of four, was shot dead last February after dropping off the now-10-year-old twins he shared with his ex-wife at her former home in Jacksonville Beach. Henry Tenon, 62, was charged with the murder earlier this month — and investigators have made it clear he allegedly conspired with others in the killing as he is not thought to have had any personal connection to Bridegan before the murder. Bridegan’s shattered widow, Kirsten Bridegan, spoke after Tenon’s arraignment Monday in Jacksonville, where his attorney entered a not guilty plea. “We have a long road in this fight. Henry Tenon is only one piece, only one of the people responsible for Jared’s murder,” a tearful Bridegan said after the proceeding. “He is only one chess piece. There are more to follow before justice is done.” Jared Bridegan was in the midst of a bitter custody war with his ex, Shanna Gardner-Fernandez, at the time of his death. After Tenon’s arrest, it emerged that he was once a tenant of Gardner-Fernandez’s new husband, Mario Fernandez. The Post reported Fernandez frequently hired Tenon as a handyman at several of his Jacksonville rental properties. Police have not named Gardner-Fernandez or her husband as suspects, but sources claim they remain under investigation. “Henry, if you get to hear this, please choose now to do the right thing,” Bridegan said Monday. “Please help us receive justice sooner than later. Please help us in this nightmare that we are living every single day.” Jared Bridegan — who had two young children with his new wife — was driving back to his home in St. Augustine when he came upon a tire in the middle of the road and exited his car to remove it. His then-2-year-old daughter, Bexley, was in the backseat when he was suddenly shot dead, in what cops claim was a setup. The traumatized tot remained alone at the scene for several minutes until a passerby saw her father’s body in the road. Gardner-Fernandez, who comes from a wealthy Mormon family in Utah, moved from Florida to Washington state several months after the murder. She has vehemently denied any involvement in the death of her ex-husband. In an interview with the Florida Times-Union, she acknowledged once asking a tattoo parlor employee if he knew anyone who could make Bridegan “disappear,” but insisted it wasn’t a serious remark. Her new husband did not make the cross-country relocation with her, and is staying with relatives in Orlando.