Mitchell Robinson is trending toward a return Friday night in the nation’s capital. The rim-protecting, offensive-rebounding dynamo, out since Jan. 18 with a fractured right thumb, went through a full practice for the second straight day on Thursday and could be back when the Knicks play their first game in nine days against the Wizards. “As long as he feels good [on Friday], I think there’s a good possibility [of him playing],” coach Tom Thibodeau said. He later added: “It was great to have him out there, about what you would expect. He’s an important part of the team. It’s the next step for him. He was able to do everything [on Wednesday], did everything [on Thursday]. Today was better than yesterday. Just keep better each day.” Robinson was listed by the Knicks as questionable. They survived without him, going 8-6 as Jericho Sims took his spot in the starting lineup, and they are 12-10 on the season in his absence. Robinson missed eight games earlier this season with a sprained right knee, but they are clearly a better team when the 7-footer is on the floor. The Knicks outscore the opponent by 8.2 points per 100 possessions with Robinson, their defensive anchor, on the court. “It’s huge. He brings a lot to our team,” Julius Randle said. “We’ve been trying to carry the load of what he brings throughout the team when he hasn’t been here. Fact he’s back is amazing and I’m looking forward to getting back out there with him.” Friday’s game against the Wizards marks one of only two contests in a nine-game stretch against an opponent under .500. … Out-of-the-rotation wing Evan Fournier (non-COVID-19 illness) will miss Friday’s game. … Wizards star guard Bradley Beal (right knee soreness) is questionable. He hasn’t practiced since the team returned from the break. The Knicks announced the signing of Trevor Keels to a 10-day contract. Thursday was the last day they could go with only 13 players on the roster. The team’s second-round pick after one season at Duke, Keels was on a two-way deal.