Bernie Sanders remains unimpressed. The Vermont senator has become a meme once again after accidentally walking through a TikTok video being filmed on the streets of New York City. The candid capture, featuring a very befuddled-looking Sanders, was shared by @taylorchamp, who posted the TikTok on Monday. In the TikTok, Champ and a doorman are seen waving their arms in the air. As the duo attempts to perfect their dance, Sanders and his wife, Jane, walk up behind them, seemingly unaware that they are being filmed. Sanders’ deadpan expression is unmistakable as he pauses with a confused look on his face before moving out of the frame. In a second video, Sanders’ wife can be seen apologizing to Champ after accidentally walking in front of the camera. Only after she finished recording the dance did Champ realize the famous politician had made a guest appearance. In one clip, she can be heard exclaiming, “Wait, Bernie Sanders was right there? So funny, what a moment!” “I really wish in the moment I realized who was walking by,” she wrote in the caption. “All I was thinking was, ‘Wow, first time I try to make a TikTok out here and I almost hit this poor lady in the face.’ I was just hoping she wasn’t mad but she was so sweet lol.” The clip unsurprisingly took off across the internet, with many social media users lauding Sanders for his humorous response and some even declaring him the “most relatable politician.” Other Twitter users chimed in to draw comparisons to Sanders’ iconic mitten meme of 2021. “This is just as good if not better than the mittens meme,” one Twitter user wrote. The meme originates from a photograph taken of Sanders during President Biden’s inauguration. Sanders can be seen sitting on a socially distanced folding chair, bundled up amid freezing temperatures in a parka and oversize mittens that were gifted to him by a constituent. Sanders reflected on the popular meme, which was the most widespread meme in 2021, in his new book, “It’s OK to Be Angry About Capitalism,” which is what brought the senator to New York City in the first place. In the book, set to be released Feb. 21, Sanders revealed he felt the mittens meme was “weird,” according to excerpts obtained by Business Insider. “There I was with my mittens on the moon, at the Last Supper, on the Titanic, alongside Forrest Gump, next to Spider-Man, on top of skyscrapers,” Sanders wrote. “Who would’ve thought?” Sanders wrote that in his 50-plus years of public service, he “never received so much attention.”