Prince Harry dropped many bombshells in his explosive memoir “Spare” last month, but one tidbit he divulged about the time he lost his virginity may not be accurate — at least according to actor Rupert Everett. The Duke of Sussex, 38, wrote that he got it on with an older woman, who “supposedly liked macho horses,” in a field behind a pub where he was treated “like a young stallion.” However, Everett recently made the assertion that Harry’s story is not exactly true. “I know who the woman he lost his virginity to is. And it wasn’t behind a pub. And it wasn’t in this country [the United Kingdom],” the 63-year-old claimed to The Telegraph. The “My Best Friend’s Wedding” actor continued: “I’m just putting it out there that I know.” Harry penned in his memoir how his first sexual experience was a “quick ride.” “I mounted her quickly, after which she spanked my a– and sent me away. One of my many mistakes was letting it happen in a field, just behind a very busy pub. No doubt someone had seen us,” he added. It’s unclear how the “My Policeman” star and Harry could know each other, but Everett was seen shaking hands with Harry’s step-mother, Queen Consort Camilla, in 2010 at a charity fashion show and kissing the former Duchess of Cornwall at a 2011 event. He also copped to an embarrassing “night out” with Princess Margaret in 1986. In response to Everett’s allegations, an unnamed “source close to the Duke” told The Telegraph: “Amazing that he would know such a personal detail better than Prince Harry himself.” Rumors have since circulated over the identity of the said woman who supposedly took Harry’s virginity away, with actress Elizabeth Hurley’s name being thrown into the mix. However, the “Royals” star, 57, denied allegations that she was one in an interview with the Saturday Times magazine published last month. “Not me. Not guilty. Ha!” she laughed. “No. Not me. Absolutely not.” Harry’s bombshell book has caused a stir among the royal family and his father King Charles could be preparing to share his side of the story in a BBC interview, a royal source revealed on Jan. 31. Charles, 74, be the subject of a TV profile ahead of his coronation on May 6 and use could sue the airtime to speak his truth. “Plans are already up and running for coronation coverage at the BBC, including the profile on the monarch. It is not the done thing to avoid subjects in interviews, so it makes matters tricky,” an insider told the Mirror recently. Broadcaster Jonathan Dimbleby has been named as a contender to conduct the live chat with Charles as he is a longtime pal of the sovereign. As for Everett’s thoughts on the matter, the actor told The Telegraph that “Spare” made him change his perception of Harry. “It’s made me change my view,” he said. “I was angry before, and now I just feel very sad – sad for Harry. I felt so sympathetic towards him for years and I still do now.”