Is it a boy? Is it a girl? — Is granny still with us? A grandiose gender reveal nearly turned into a grandmother’s tragic demise as the elderly woman was hurled onto the cement during a rowdy, football-inspired celebration. And thanks to viral footage of her faceplant, suspicious social media skeptics think granny didn’t just fall — they say she was pushed. “Pro tip: don’t put your grandma on the front row of your gender reveal,” warned mom of one Amanda Huber, from Knoxville, Tennessee, in the caption of her trending cautionary clip. The video was originally filmed in May 2021, but only made its TikTok debut Sunday. Per the post, which scared up over 6.2 million views, the white-haired dear is seen slamming down on the pavement as a mob of folks behind her begin jumping up and down in excitement. The overly giddy partygoers, most of whom were donning pink and blue necklaces and gripping cans of beer, were raving over news that the then-pregnant Huber was expecting a baby boy. However, the shouts of joy quickly turned to gasps of horror when Huber’s grandmother hit the ground. TikTok audiences were just as shocked by the scene. But rather than expressing concern for the geriatric’s well-being, cyber cynics fingered a woman in a yellow sweatshirt, who happens to be Huber’s mother, for causing the near-deadly fall. “The lady in yellow literally pushed her,” exclaimed a whistle-blowing watcher. “The [woman in] yellow threw the elbow to move granny!” accused another as a separate commenter agreed, writing, “Nah she threw that woman.” “The lady in the yellow had beef with grams,” another joked. In a subsequent snippet, Huber responded to claims that her grandmother’s fall was part of her mother’s nefarious scheme. But first, she assured everyone that her granny is, in fact, OK. “Grandma is fine,” said Huber. “She’s still alive. She did not get hurt [and] she did not break any bones,” she continued. “It is honestly a miracle . . . She just bounced right up like nothing happened.” Huber then professed her mom’s innocence in the matter. “My mom and grandma have a great relationship,” she said. “I promise this wasn’t like 40 years [of bad blood] in the making, and she saw an opportunity for revenge.” “We love grandma,” Huber assured in closing. “We don’t abuse her.”