His heart will go younger and younger. “Titanic” star Leonardo DiCaprio, 48, was trolled online this week over an alleged romance with 19-year-old model Eden Polani. DiCaprio, who has been dragged in the past for only dating women under 25, was spotted with the model at an EP launch party for Detroit singer Ebony Riley. Polani, a Parisian, and the “Don’t Look Up” actor were seen sitting next to each other, sparking the unconfirmed dating rumors. The image sent Twitter users into an uproar. “Leonardo DiCaprio’s girlfriend is so young her high school experience was interrupted by COVID-19,” slammed one user Monday. “There’s a dog now who’s older than Leonardo DiCaprio’s girlfriend. Let that sink in for a moment,” joked a second person, referencing the world’s oldest dog, 30-year-old Bobi. “48-year-old Leonardo DiCaprio insists that everything is great between him and his 19-year-old girlfriend adding, ‘The only thing that’s difficult is when I have to talk to her,’ ” snarked another critic. “Leonardo DiCaprio must love military time,” one more added. An insider from the DiCaprio camp, however, has since shot down the rumor, saying they are, in fact, not dating, according to TMZ. The source claimed that the two just happened to be seated in close proximity and were part of a group. One Twitter user pointed out that his newest alleged gal pal was born six years after “Titanic” was released in 1997. “Kate Winslet was 22 when she was nominated for an Oscar for Titanic. Which is 3 years older than Leonardo DiCaprio’s current girlfriend,” stated a user. Other Twitter users slammed the “Romeo and Juliet” actor for what they deemed predatory behavior. “Stop making jokes about Leonardo DiCaprio being a almost 50 dating literal teenagers and start calling him what he is – a predator,” slammed one person. “At this point I can’t even join in on the jokes anymore, if leonardo dicaprio is approaching 50 and dating a teenager, then he is an actual sexual predator let’s be clear,” said another. DiCaprio is also rumored to be dating 23-year-old Victoria Lamas, who was spotted with the climate activist on New Year’s Eve, though she was conspicuously absent from Riley’s release party. The Post has reached out to DiCaprio for comment.