Hair today, gone tomorrow. A Canadian hair stylist on TikTok claimed that she knows which hair color men like the most, and spoke about how people treat you differently with each one. Sarah, who goes by the username @sarahelizxbeth online, shared more about her theories in a viral video that has over 2.3 million views on the app. She had responded to a video where someone was talking about the same phenomenon. The hair stylist explained that since she has had so many different hair colors throughout her life, she’s paid close attention to how she’s treated with each one. “When I was blonde, it was the most male attention that I’ve ever got,” she admitted in the beginning of the nearly three-minute clip. However, there was a catch — she said it was the “least quality” men that gave her attention, later calling them a–holes and claiming that they treated her “like a kid.” “I felt like with blonde hair I got looked down on a lot by men,” she explained. “And a lot of like, really stinky, gross men thought that they could like take advantage of me and being blonde was not good with the men.” She then explained that when she was a brunette, she still got some male attention, but nowhere near as much as she did when she was blonde — and any multicolored hair she had? Forget about it, as Sarah claimed that men did not look at her “at all.” Now, Sarah has red hair, and is a self-proclaimed “ginger,” and feels like it’s similar to being a brunette in terms of male attention. “Definitely don’t get nearly as much negative attention from men as I did when I was blonde, and I would say I get a little bit more attention because from men than the brunette because I think it catches their attention more,” she shared of her current hair color. She also added, “The quality of dudes that I’ve got with red hair is impeccable. I met the love of my life with red hair.” The Post reached out to the hair stylist for comment. During the video, Sarah also revealed how women reacted to her different hair colors–claiming that being blonde didn’t phase women, women were less threatened by her brown hair, and that they complimented her the most with multicolored hair. In the comments section of her video, many agreed with her theories. “Redhead here…the attention is super fetishy and specific,” one viewer claimed. Another agreed, writing, “I have been almost every colo and this is 100% accurate. No one ever believes me when i say people treat you differently based on hair colors.” “Yes 100% with the blonde hair !” someone else admitted. “I was treated sooo bad !” “I’ve been every colour of the rainbow and i can agree with 100% of this,” another seconded. Others, however, didn’t think there was any merit to her hypothesis. “If you have a good energy trust me doesn’t matter your hair color,” a user wrote. Another comment read, “My hair has been loads of colours too but people have always ignored me .”