Police are investigating a chilling threat made to shoot up a high school in Moscow, Idaho — where residents are still reeling from the quadruple murder of four university students. The unidentified male caller phoned Moscow Police Department at about 9:50 a.m. Wednesday and said he was “armed, and that he was going to shoot at the school,” Capt. Anthony Dahlinger told The Post. Deputies from the Latah County Sheriff’s Office were immediately mobilized to Moscow High, while police dispatchers were still communicating with the caller, officials said. Part of the high school was placed on lockdown and parents were alerted via text and email blasts, Dahlinger said. Students at other schools were evacuated while law enforcement searched the entire building. Once the building was deemed safe, students were allowed to resume the school day. “This certainly raised the level of concern very quickly for the school district and parents of students in the school,” Dahlinger said. “I don’t know if the larger community are aware of what happened at the moment but once the word does go out, I’m sure it’s going to sting a little bit, especially after all we’ve been through lately.” He added preliminary investigation showed the call was made outside of Moscow but declined to release further information due to the ongoing investigation. Dahlinger said if caught, the suspect could face a misdemeanor charge of threatening violence on school grounds with firearms or other dangerous weapons. “It’s absolutely a jailable offense,” he said. “We are only a six-mile square town, so we want to let the community know we’re doing everything we can to find out who did this and also bring them to justice for calling in a threat like this. You can’t go around calling in a threat like that.” Moscow High is less than two miles away from the rental home where four University of Idaho students— Kaylee Goncalves, 21, Madison Mogen, 21, Xena Kernodle, 20, and her boyfriend, Ethan Chapin, 20— were stabbed to death on Nov. 13. Two other female roommates, Dylan Mortensen and Bethany Funke, also were in the house during the killings, but survived the crazed knife attack. Their alleged killer, Bryan Kohberger, remains in Latah County Jail in Moscow as he awaits his next court appearance in June. Meanwhie, it emerged Wednesday Kohbeger was fired from his position as a teaching assistant at Washington State University a month after the murders took place. NewsNation reported Kohberger had a number of run-ins with the faculty staff at  Washington State University, where he was studying for his P.hD in Criminology while working as a teaching assistant with younger students. According to the channel Kohberger had  an “altercation” with a professor in September and was reprimanded for his attitude toward women, with it being noted he was “rude” to them and treated them differently to men. Kohberger was then fired on December 19, a few days before he drove home to Pennsylvania for the holidays.