This is what she came for. Adele’s appearance at the Super Bowl 2023 became an instant meme after she claimed she was only going to the event at the State Farm Stadium in Glendale, Arizona, to see Rihanna perform in the halftime show. The 34-year-old singer previously admitted she wasn’t interested in the big game — which saw the Kansas City Chiefs defeat the Philadelphia Eagles — but rather for the 13-minute performance by the “Umbrella” singer. “I’m going just for Rihanna,” Adele said during one of her Las Vegas residency shows earlier this month. “I don’t give a flying f–k.” Eagle-eyed fans noticed that while the “Someone Like You” was sitting in the VIP section of the stadium with her boyfriend Rich Paul surrounded by other stars such as Jay-Z, Paul McCartney and Gordon Ramsay, she actually did look like she showed up solely for Rihanna. Adele was captured on video wearing huge sunglasses and nonchalantly sipping her drink before seemingly shushing the crowd moments before the halftime show, appearing to make a “zip it” gesture. The moment went viral, and the internet couldn’t get enough of Adele’s unbothered expression. “Adele at the Super Bowl just for Rihanna she’s so real,” one person tweeted. “It’s so us rn like can we just skip to the queen’s performance,” someone added. “Adele is just like us. here for Rihanna nothing more,” another said. “Imagine being at Super Bowl for football,” a user quipped. “She said I’m here for Rihanna and Rihanna only,” someone commented. “Adele can headline next year and she doesn’t even have to perform just sit, look pretty and give us memes. I’ll be entertained,” one person said. “Adele needs to be invited to every sports event for her reactions!” someone suggested. “Adele at the Super Bowl only for Rihanna is giving me watching a three hour movie about Gucci only for Gaga,” another wrote. “Adele unlocked new meme,” someone said. “Adele is always the main character without even trying,” one person wrote. “Adele is really trying to get drunk at the #SuperBowl she’s such a meme,” another tweeted. “Adele really said watch me being the most iconic person there,” a user added. Rihanna hit the stage last night for the first time in seven years — and revealed she was pregnant with baby No. 2. During her 13-minute set, RiRi performed some of her greatest hits, kicking off with “Bitch Better Have My Money” followed by a jam-packed setlist with songs including “Work,” “Diamonds,” “Only Girl (In the World),” “We Found Love,” “Rude Boy” and “Pour It Up” — all while sporting a baby bump.