Loofah sponges may clean your body — but they’re apparently a sexy sign that people are getting down and dirty. Residents from the Florida retirement complex the Villages, which The Post reported on in 2009 as being a “wild retirees getaway,” have been caught on video displaying loofahs on their cars, allegedly to distinguish their swinging sexual styles. TikToker Tora Himan posted the 28-second clip, with the viral Dubskie song, “Oh No Oh No Oh No No No,” showcasing residents of the Villages community purchasing the multicolored shower scrubbers to hang on the roofs of their cars and golf carts with the caption, “They are everywhere!” “The Villages is rocking out with their loofahs out!” one commenter quipped. “My grandmother lives in Florida. One time, she very seriously said, ‘I think I’m gonna move to The Villages. They know how to have fun’ and we all died,” one scared grandchild wrote. Another joked, “Going to the dollar store to bling out my in-laws car.” Another commenter questioned if this was the new “upside-down pineapple,” playing off the notion that the fruit is a sign for others that you’re into swinging. A Reddit thread from three years ago posted a helpful guide called “Loofah Code” as to what each color loofah represents. Loofahs come in seven different colors — each with a different swinger meaning. White is for beginners and black is for those who want it all at the complex. Other colors, including teal, are apparently reserved for those who identify as bisexual. Purple is for those who like to watch. However, not everyone agrees on the meaning behind the decorative ornaments. One Redditor, who claims to have worked at the Villages for three years, suggests the loofahs simply help residents find their own vehicles since “all the retirees drive similar cars.” “The reason for the loofas is simple, it’s so they can find their car. All the retirees drive similar cars and old gran can’t go around the whole parking lot looking for her car. So the loofa is an easy way for them to spot it from a distance,” user gatordent said. “Trust me, all the people I have met are definitely not swingers as most can barely stand without assistance.” The Villages has often declined to comment on rumors, but the reports have circulated in local and national media for years. In 2009, The Post reported on the Villages, calling the community “ground zero for geriatrics who are seriously getting it on.” At the time, Viagra was apparently a hot item among men looking for some fun in the bustling retirement community. The Villages community began growing in the mid-1990s, and at the same time, the Sunshine State saw a rise in STD cases among the over-55 population. Between 1995 and 2005, reported cases of gonorrhea climbed from 152 to 245, syphilis cases rose from 17 to 33 and chlamydia skyrocketed from 52 to 115. Rumors of high STD rates in the Villages persist. A Facebook group called The Villages Word of Mouth is filled with stories from the infamous retirement community. “My doctor in Ohio even, when he asked where we spend time in Florida, stated ‘Oh, The Villages — the highest STD rate in the country,’” said Jan Schweitzer in a post, obtained by the AP in August. But that isn’t the case. While there is no reported number of STD cases specifically from the Villages, the three Florida counties containing the Villages actually have lower STD rates than other Florida counties.