It’s the happiest place on earth — if you’re tall enough. A family has been blasted for a “hack” they used at a Disney theme park to trick park workers and make their young son tall enough for the rides. The Kelly family, who post regularly about their family life on TikTok, were met with a chorus of naysayers pointing out the potentially dangerous situation they are putting their son in. In the clip, which has been viewed more than 360,300 times, the father describes his young son, Kannon, as a “thrill-seeking boy who can’t get enough of Disney theme park rides.” He then goes on to say the “only problem” with Kannon’s love of rides is that he’s not quite tall enough for the “big ones.” To combat this, the couple “took matters into [their] own hands,” crafting a special pair of shoes that made him taller — which users have pointed out could be putting their young son in harm’s way. The couple then show themselves customizing their own shoe with some added height — using “extra flip flop bottoms” and a “towering heel” to boost Kannon’s height. The dad proudly called his creation the “ultimate theme park hack,” but not everyone was on board with his shoe customization. “And just like a canon, he will be yeeted out of his seat,” one user wrote. “I made my son shoes that help him fly off of roller coasters,” another commented sarcastically. The video also attracted workers from theme parks, who commented and pointed out why this is dangerous. “This is why we’re trained to look at shoes to see if they are tampered with,” one user, who claimed she worked at one of the Disney theme parks, wrote, while another said: “I hope you’re joking.” “I used to work at Disney on Primeval Whirl which had one of the highest height restrictions and yeah there for a reason and for safety,” added another. In a follow-up video, the dad of three responded to the backlash claiming to have never actually put his son in danger. “I would never condone any other parent trying to put their kid on a ride that they aren’t tall enough for,” he said in the clip. “You don’t know what happened. In the video, you didn’t see him actually go on any rides.” However, followers called out his backpedaling, questioning why he would post it in the first place. “You made platform shoes for a kid that’s already tall enough?” one follower questioned. “You might want to remove the original video so we can’t immediately fact-check you,” advised another. The Post has reached out to the Kelly family and Disney for comment.