Madonna appears to be hung up on being unholy. While presenting ahead of Sam Smith’s performance during the 2023 Grammy Awards on Sunday night, Madonna spoke about being “shocking” and had a word for all the “troublemakers” out there. During her speech, the “Like a Virgin” legend announced, “I’m here to give thanks to all the rebels out there, forging a new path and taking the heat for all of it. You guys need to know all you troublemakers out there you need to know that your fearlessness does not go unnoticed.” She continued, “You are seen, you are heard, and most of all, you are appreciated.” However, what stood out more than Madonna’s words to viewers was her face, sparking a sea of reactions on Twitter. Some couldn’t even recognize her as she stood in front of the audience with noticeably bigger lips, braids, a tight black suit and fishnet gloves. “Madonna who? That can’t be her? Can it ?” one viewer tweeted. “#GRAMMYs I really wish Madonna never touched her face,” another agreed. “There really was no reason. She was going to age beautifully. She’s always been beautiful. #Stopplayingwithyallface#Grammys2023#Madonna.” Another lamented, “Madonna doesn’t even look like Madonna. Who was that? So awkward. #GRAMMYs.” One person asked, “I love Madonna. I really do. But lord what did she do to her face.” Madonna’s tribute came after Kim Petras made history as the first transgender woman to ever win a Grammy. She and Smith took home the award for Best Pop Duo for the hit song “Unholy” tonight. The song has not come without controversy in the past, according to the duo. Throughout her life, Madonna has been a champion for the LGBTQ+ community. Some viewers also weren’t impressed with the Queen of Pop’s speech, calling her “narcissistic.” “This is the worst narcissistic Madonna #GRAMMYs speech since she gave Aretha Franklin that non-tribute tribute,” one Grammys viewer on Twitter wrote. Another agreed, writing, “Madonna wtf is this hashtag girlboss speech.” “Madonna is what happens when you don’t prepare a speech and repeat it 3-5 times before you show up to give it. #GRAMMYs,” one person typed. The Queen of Pop herself has won seven Grammy awards and has been nominated 28 times for the golden gramophone in past years.