A new horror film has terrified people so much that viewers are claiming that they have been left with nightmares and had to walk out of the theater to vomit. One theater-goer even claimed his Apple watch alerted him about his heart rate — twice. “The Outwaters” was released on February 9 and has since received mixed reviews from both critics and distraught fans. The indie found-footage film follows a group of friends in their 30s who adventure to the Mojave Desert to shoot a music video — until all hell breaks loose. The film takes a “creepy” turn to become “a mind-bending trip through terror” as the campers begin “to experience unexplained sounds, vibrations and unnatural animal behavior,” the synopsis explains. The movie is written and directed by Robbie Banfitch, who also stars in the “Blair Witch”-style film. “I’m still processing #TheOutwaters. I am not sure if it worked for me,” Leandro Calado tweeted. “The sounding made me so uncomfortably dizzy that I had to leave the theatre to vomit. This never happened to me before. It’s more disturbing than scary if that makes any sense.” “#TheOutwaters is one of the most deranged nightmares I’ve chosen to sit through in a while. I quite literally was trembling in multiple parts. The sound is absolutely HELLISH,” Joseph tweeted. He also claimed that the movie set off his Apple Watch’s “high heart rate” alert twice during the film and led to him having nightmares. “Just finished #TheOutwaters and it was very effective. Definitely wish I’d seen it in the theater,” Brandy Sims admitted. “It was disorienting, disturbing, extremely anxiety-inducing, and an absolute journey into hell. Two thumbs up!” “HOLY HELL that was a ride. I’m still trying to process what I saw and how I feel about it. I have so many questions!” D Rock tweeted. “The last half of #TheOutwaters felt like a panic attack. I think I’m sleeping with the lights on. Truly terrifying movie,” Bethany tweeted. The terrifying film has earned a 71% critics rating and 60% audience rating for being “frustratingly withholding” while remaining “ambitious — and overall effective,” according to Rotten Tomatoes. “The Outwaters” isn’t the first movie to prove that making your audience physically ill may not be as bad as it sounds. Audience members were sickened by horrific scenes in “Crimes of the Future” and reportedly walked out of the premiere at the Cannes Film Festival in May. The majority of the exits reportedly occurred within the first five minutes of the film but a specifically grotesque scene of Seydoux licking an open wound sent others out the door further along in the film. Despite being too much for some, the movie directed by David Cronenberg received a seven-minute standing ovation from the remaining audience members at the end. In October, another film similarly scared people sick. Viewers said Damien Leone’s slasher flick “Terrifier 2” was so graphic that they vomited and passed out in their seats.