Sen. John Fetterman will likely need to be hospitalized for at least “a few weeks” as he receives inpatient treatment for clinical depression in Washington, DC, a senior aide said Friday. It’s been hard for staffers to tell whether the 53-year-old Pennsylvania Democrat has been unresponsive in recent weeks due to hearing loss from the stroke he suffered in May — or because he’s in the throes of despair, the aide told NBC. “[He’s] not hearing you or is he sort of crippled by his depression and social anxiety,” said the  aide — adding that staffers were surprised by the severity of his depression. The potential weeks-long mental health treatment won’t impact Fetterman’s ability to do his job in the future and his resignation is “not even on the table in any sense,” the aide insisted. Fetterman’s office announced Thursday that he had checked himself into Walter Reed National Military Medical Center after a stint at George Washington University Hospital last week for lightheadedness and other health problems. Fetterman had suffered from weight loss and lack of appetite in past weeks — and it will reportedly now take weeks for doctors to get Fetterman’s medication right. Updates on Fetterman’s condition came as politicians across party lines applauded him for having the courage to seek help. “Mental illness is real & serious, and I hope that he gets the care he needs. Regardless of which side of the political aisle you’re on, please respect his family’s request for privacy,” Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Texas) tweeted Friday. Rep. Ritchie Torres  (D-NY) offered words of encouragement, saying he too had been treated for depression. “I admire Senator John Fetterman for openly seeking treatment for depression at Walter Reed,” Torres tweeted. “Back in 2010, I was hospitalized for depression. I would not be alive, let alone in Congress, were it not for mental health care. Millions of Americans are rooting for you, Senator.” Meanwhile, President Biden praised Fetterman’s treatment as “brave and important.” “John, Gisele – Jill and I are thinking about your family today. Millions of people struggle with depression every day, often in private. Getting the care you need is brave and important. We’re grateful to you for leading by example,” Biden tweeted Friday.