The best part about betting the Super Bowl each year, aside from the array of bizarre novelty props, is the endless supply of player props with which to attack the biggest matchup of the year. And that’s certainly the case ahead of Super Bowl 57. As we’ve written about across the past two weeks, we love the Eagles’ chances of winning outright on Sunday, but that doesn’t mean there aren’t values worth betting on the Chiefs’ side, too. Here are five of our favorite player props to bet for Super Bowl 57: There’s a reason this is one of the most popular bets ahead of Sunday’s contest, and I’m frankly surprised that it’s still dealing at such a generous price in the hours before kickoff. Hurts has scored in 11 of his 17 starts this season, including seven of his last nine and each of his two playoff games since returning from that right shoulder injury. He clearly doesn’t seem to be hindered as a runner by that bum shoulder, and I don’t see the Chiefs slowing down the Eagles’ most dangerous rushing threat in the red zone.  We broke down this prop in full detail earlier this week, but even a cursory glance at Mahomes’ numbers reveal the value here at essentially a coin-flip price. The two-time MVP was spectacular in the regular season, but he also threw a pick in nine of 17 starts (52.9%) and faces an Eagles defense that finished fourth in interceptions (17) and has picked off at least one pass in 12 of 19 games (63.2%) including the postseason. Mahomes has thrown two interceptions in each of his previous Super Bowl starts, and I’d be surprised if he doesn’t toss at least one in this tricky matchup. This number has crept up over the past two weeks, but I’ll happily play it here at a mark that’s still far too low for the Eagles’ leading rusher this postseason. Gainwell led his team’s backfield in carries (14), rushing yards (48) and total snaps (31) in the NFC Championship, and his 112 rushing yards in the divisional round were the most in a playoff game by any player on either of these two rosters. Considering that he’s rushed for 20 yards or more eight times already and each of the last three weeks, I love his chances of doing it again on Sunday. While I’m skeptical of Pacheco’s overall effectiveness Sunday against a fierce Eagles defense, I’m all over any prop that rewards high volume for the rookie rusher. Since he took over as the clear starter in Week 10, Pacheco has averaged 13.5 rushes per game and seen at least 12 carries in eight of those 11 games (72.7%) while averaging 5.1 yards per tote. He enjoyed a season-high 39 snaps and 57% snap share in the AFC Championship, and I expect the Chiefs to lean heavily on their young workhorse with Mahomes still limited by injury.  It’s been a curiously quiet postseason for Brown, who ranked sixth in yards per game (88.0) in the regular season but has been held to a combined 50 yards in two playoff games. That dry spell ends on Sunday. Brown had his chances in those two games but came an overthrow or two from reaching his usual heights – he had posted at least 70 yards receiving in each of his previous six contests and 10 of 19 games overall. With top corner L’Jarius Sneed (concussion, knee) still reeling for the Chiefs, I’d expect Brown to return to his typical All-Pro production in a favorable matchup.