Sasha Walpole — the now-infamous woman who took Prince Harry’s virginity when he was just a teenager — is now selling one of the gifts he gave her. Walpole, 40, is auctioning off the item in order to raise money for victims of the Turkey and Syria earthquake. The present was a Miss Piggy doll dressed in a pink and orange tropical outfit. The puppet is stuffed with “tissue paper” that the Duke of Sussex, 38, allegedly put into its bra. Harry won the prize at Thorpe Park, in Surrey, England, and gave it to Walpole on her 19th birthday, alongside a card he inscribed that said: “loads of love, Baz” — his nickname at the time. The toy is currently listed on eBay with the highest bid of just over $2,000 as of Monday morning. The Post has reached out to Walpole for comment. In the ad, Walpole calls the doll “a colorful piece of royal history” since Harry gave it to her on the night “which he lost his virginity.” “I hope this colorful piece of royal memorabilia will prove a great talking point for whoever wins and will make a contribution to relieving the disaster in Turkey and Syria — a much more important issue than princes and their lovers,” she wrote in the listing. “I have been moved by the devastation of the Turkey-Syria earthquake to auction this cheeky piece of royal history,” she added, noting that “proceeds will go to the Disaster Emergency Committee.” “Before giving her to me, Prince Harry stuffed her bra with tissue paper ‘to give her boobs a boost,’ ” she noted. “The gift was accompanied by a card with a joke about a farting whale on the front. The card is NOT included in this auction.” Walpole said she decided to pitch in with the relief effort after the timing of her reveal as Harry’s former lover coincided with the devastating earthquake. “The earthquake happened the day after my story came out and I remember thinking how much more important this was than who had or hadn’t slept with a prince,” she told the Daily Mail. Harry admitted in his bombshell memoir “Spare” that he lost his virginity to an older woman in a field behind a pub back in 2001. She confessed her identity on Feb. 5. “I thought auctioning this bit of cheeky royal memorabilia could be my way of helping out,” Walpole went on. “Miss Piggy had been living quietly up in my attic for 20 years, so hopefully someone can give her a new lease of life that befits her colorful outfit and story. To me it was just a stuffed toy given to me by a friend,” she added. “But I hope it raises a lot of money for a good cause.” Walpole and Harry were celebrating her birthday at the Vine Tree Inn in Wiltshire, UK, when their tryst occurred. Before climbing over a fence to the field, the couple downed shots of tequila, Baileys and sambuca, she said. Once their rendezvous had concluded — when she treated him “like a young stallion,” according to Harry’s account of the romp — they didn’t speak, and they separately walked back to the bar, as the prince’s security team was looking for him. Walpole looked back on the rendezvous and said that “it wasn’t that glorious. We were drunk and having sex in a field.” However, just before Walpole’s identity was unveiled, actor Rupert Everett disputed claims that the father of two lost his V-card to her. “I know who the woman he lost his virginity to is. And it wasn’t behind a pub. And it wasn’t in this country [the United Kingdom],” the 63-year-old claimed to the Telegraph on Feb. 2. The “My Best Friend’s Wedding” actor continued: “I’m just putting it out there that I know.” In response to Everett’s allegations, an unnamed “source close to the Duke” told the Telegraph at the time: “Amazing that he would know such a personal detail better than Prince Harry himself.”