In a recent “South Park” episode titled “The Worldwide Privacy Tour,” Prince Harry and Meghan Markle were brutally mocked. Markle, 41, was reportedly “upset and overwhelmed” by it, and the couple’s approval ratings in the US have even taken a dive. Despite rumors of a lawsuit, the couple’s rep told The Post that Harry and Meghan thought the episode was “all frankly nonsense … totally baseless and boring” and denied allegations that the couple planned to sue. Creators Trey Parker and Matt Stone were unfazed by the uproar, recalling a long history of lawsuits, including battles with Scientology over their notorious episode mocking Tom Cruise. The episode follows cartoon characters who claim to want to stay out of the spotlight but go on various talk shows. They resemble the Duke and Duchess of Sussex, but aren’t given their official names on the show. If you missed the episode, or even if you saw it but missed some Easter eggs, here’s what you need to know. On the show, the characters attend the funeral of the “Canadian Queen” and walk past a candle. Recall that in real life, on the televised broadcast of the queen’s funeral, there were rumors that the royal family put Markle behind a candle so that she was barely seen during the broadcast. In the episode, the character who is comparable to Prince Harry is promoting a book called “Waagh.” On-screen, one character complaints, “They have this huge jet parked in front of my house and they keep on wanting me to buy their book.” In real life, of course, Harry has made headlines with his bestselling and controversial memoir “Spare.” In his memoir, Prince Harry infamously gave too much information about his frost-bitten “todger.” On the show, the Harry character says at one point, “This is an outrage – we will just see how he deals with my blue penis.” In real life, Meghan Markle has given interviews to several outlets such as Vogue and Variety. In the episode, the Meghan-like character is shown on the cover of fictional magazine “G2.” The cover says “Princess Anus.” This is a play on words of the Latin phrase that appeared on her real-life GQ cover — “Meghan’s annus mirabilis” — which translates to “Meghan’s wonderful year.” On-screen, the fictional couple meets with a brand manager, who labels the Meghan character “sorority girl, actress, influencer and victim,” while the Harry character is given the label, “royal prince, millionaire, world traveler, victim.” The Meghan character is also described as “lawyer pretending,” which is a reference to Markle’s days as an actress on the USA series “Suits.” Harry and Meghan famously sat down with Oprah in real life, in addition to releasing a six-part Netflix documentary about their relationship. Many have pointed out that their endless self-promotion is at odds with their supposed desire for privacy. On the show, the characters appear on “Good Morning Canada” to claim that they want privacy. The Meghan character holds a sign reading: “Stop looking at us” while the Harry character’s sign reads, “We want our privacy.” In real life, Harry and Meghan made headlines with their 2020 step back from the royal family and move to California. On the show, the couple moves to South Park, and the Meghan character says, “If we moved here, people would think we’re really serious about wanting to be normal.”