This beauty hack left her glowing — literally. One woman on TikTok thought that she had come up with the perfect way to achieve the trendy laminated eyebrow look, but on her night out, she discovered they glowed in the dark instead. Chloe, who goes by the username @_chloe_michaela_ on the app, is a makeup artist who typically shares beauty tips on her page. In the 21-second clip, which has racked up more than 82,900 views, Chloe starts off by explaining, “A reminder not to go to the bowling alley when there is UV lights when you’ve used Pritt Stick to glue down your eyebrows.” Pritt Stick is a type of glue stick, which Chloe had used on her eyebrows to get the laminated look, which makes it appear that your brows have been brushed in an upwards motion to avoid having them look unruly. She continued, “Because it turns out, it glows in the dark, massively.” Chloe then cut to a clip of her standing under the UV light at the bowling alley, with her two brows glowing a bright, neon white. “I can’t believe I’m out in public looking like this,” she admitted at the end of the video. Unlike micro-blading, which is a treatment that consists of scratching small lines into your brows and filling them in with pigment in hopes of them looking thicker, laminating your eyebrows is non-invasive, according to Allure. Some aestheticians and salons offer a lamination service using a chemical treatment, but others, like Chloe, have tried to get the look by going without the expensive cost — hence the glue. In the comments section, viewers were rolling with laughter after watching what happened to her on the unfortunate night out. “Wow the legend strikes again ,” one user commented. Another agreed, writing, “Omg how funny  x.” One person typed, “OMGGGGGG .” Someone else even admitted that something similar had happened to their own child. “My son wrote ‘Wanker’ on his sisters head and first I saw it was in mini golf ,” they revealed. Chloe even commented herself, “Like imagine going for your first date looking like this .” This isn’t the first time someone has tried to DIY a beauty trend. Last year, some TikTok users tried to give themselves freckles by using hair dye, even though it “burned,” according to one user. Others on TikTok tried to use perfume in order to dye their hair, spraying it on a hair straightener, which experts called “dumb” and dangerous” in 2021.