Helena Bonham Carter has called for an end to Netflix’s hit show “The Crown.” The actress, who starred as Queen Elizabeth II’s younger sister Princess Margaret in seasons 3 and 4, claims the show strayed away from its roots and is no longer a historical drama. “I should be careful here too, but I don’t think they should carry on, actually,” she told The Guardian. “I’m in it and I loved my episodes, but it’s very different now. When ‘The Crown’ started it was a historic drama, and now it’s crashed into the present.” Despite the sensational remarks, the two-time Academy Award nominee said ultimately, the decision is “up to them.” Bonham Carter took over the reins from Vanessa Kirby, who portrayed the late monarch’s sister in the show’s first two seasons. She passed the baton to Lesley Manville for Season 5, which centered around the tumultuous marriage — and divorce — of Princess Diana (played by Elizabeth Debicki) and the now-monarch King Charles III (Dominic West). The season premiered in November. While the sixth and supposedly final season does not yet have a release date, it’s said to cover the late 1990s to the early 2000s, including Princess Diana’s tragic death. In 2020, Bonham Carter rallied for the show to add a disclaimer to let viewers know that it’s historical fiction and not entirely factual. “It is dramatized. I do feel very strongly, because I think we have a moral responsibility to say, ‘Hang on guys, this is not … it’s not a drama-doc, we’re making a drama.’ So they are two different entities,” she said on an episode of the show’s official podcast, according to The Guardian. It comes as Prince Harry recently admitted to not only watching the hit Netflix show but to “fact-checking” it. Appearing on “The Late Show with Stephen Colbert” last month, the Duke of Sussex discussed the controversial drama series when asked if he’s “binged” anything on TV lately. After teasing he has, Colbert asked if “The Crown” was one of the shows, saying he “had to have watched some” of it since it’s based on Harry’s late grandmother, Queen Elizabeth II. “Yes, I have watched some of The Crown,” the 38-year-old revealed before Colbert asked if he’s watched any of the recent episodes. “The older stuff and the more recent stuff,” Harry clarified. The exiled royal was then asked if he did any “fact-checking” while watching the show, prompting an animated response from Harry followed by laughter from the audience. “Yes, I do actually,” the father-of-two revealed. “Which, by the way, is another reason why it’s so important that history has it right.” Harry’s brother, Prince William, reportedly wasn’t happy with season 4 of the Golden Globe-nominated hit.