A well-known transgender horror author who was among the signers of a letter decrying the New York Times’ “biased” reporting on trans issues said she wants to slit J.K. Rowling’s throat. Gretchen Felker-Martin called out several writers she said were transphobic — including “Harry Potter” author Rowling — on Feb. 12. “If they all had one throat, man,” she added in the since-deleted tweet. Felker-Martin came under fire last year after writing a self-confessed “depraved psychosexual horrorshow” in which Rowling is burned alive in her home. Her debut novel, “Manhunt,” follows two trans women “attempting to survive in a world ravaged by a plague which transforms anyone with enough testosterone in their system into a shrieking monstrosity.” They find themselves at war with “TERFs,” the derogatory acronym for so-called trans-exclusionary radical feminists — including the “Knights of J.K. Rowling.” Earlier, Felker-Martin had condemned the murder of British transgender teenager Brianna Ghey, 16, implying that Rowling and others had stoked the violence that led to the killing, the Daily Mail reported. Police don’t yet have a motive in the case, but two 15-year-olds have been arrested. Journalist Jesse Singal, who was also named in Felker-Martin’s tweet, blasted the author’s death threat and said he does not understand why she is allowed to tweet about such violence. “If you are seen as being on the ‘wrong’ team, then if you quote-retweet one just a *bit* too snarkily, that’s considered ‘harassment.’ But the ‘good’ people — the “be kind” crowd — can threaten and harass you and tell you to kill yourself forever, and it’s all good,” he tweeted. Felker-Martin’s tweet was posted just before she joined 180 activists who signed a letter to the Times criticizing its recent coverage of transgender issues. The Times published a column further defending Rowling the day after the letter was delivered, which angered activists even more. An email sent to staff by Executive Editor Joseph Kahn and Opinion Editor Kathleen Kingsbury obtained by The Post on Thursday admonished those who signed the letter. “We do not welcome, and will not tolerate, participation by Times journalists in protests organized by advocacy groups or attacks on colleagues on social media and other public forums,” they wrote. Rowling has become a flash point for trans activists after she has openly questioned whether trans women should be allowed access to some female-only spaces such as prisons, domestic abuse shelters or sporting contests. She addresses the backlash in her forthcoming podcast, “The Witch Trials of J.K. Rowling, and said her comments were “profoundly misunderstood.” “I never set out to upset anyone. However, I was not uncomfortable with getting off my pedestal,’ she said.