She went to the ends of the earth to look good for her birth. Carly Temple, 23, from Jackson, Mississippi, wanted to look good when giving birth — so she had a makeup artist and a hairdresser working on her as she pushed. Temple, who is a makeup artist and hairstylist herself, explained that she didn’t want to look “sweaty” while taking pictures with the newborn and her family at the hospital. “Most of the time when you see people post-birth they look sweaty,” Temple told South West News Service. “I wanted to look good so I could feel good about myself.” She has had glam done for two out of her three births. The mom explained that her second birth was a “surprise,” but she had the services for her son JD’s birth, who is now three, and daughter Lettie, who is four months. During her first birth, a makeup artist and a hairdresser came in to glam her up at the delivery, and when her daughter Lettie came into the world, she did most of the look by herself. ”My labor took 17 hours I was exhausted,” she said of her first birth. “I had my makeup done whilst I was in labor, all the doctors and nurses came in to see.” However, she was able to prepare ahead of Lettie’s arrival. “I wanted natural, dewy skin and to look refreshed and glowy,” Temple said. “My friend did my makeup and then I went to the hospital. I did my hair myself, I gave myself a blowout. I was having contractions and was feeling everything at that point.” After the blowout was complete, her partner, Mitchell, 27, drove her to the hospital so she could give birth glamorously. Temple admitted that she believes having your makeup and hair done actually helps during labor, as feeling good about yourself can only add to the overall experience. “My labor was great, it took five hours and I literally pushed once,” Temple revealed. “I think it definitely helped the labor — when you look good, you feel good about yourself.” Temple isn’t the only mom who has chosen to go into the hospital feeling fabulous. In January, one woman on TikTok admitted that she self-tanned before giving birth, claiming that it took priority over double-checking and packing the hospital bag. Another woman even did her makeup while she was 3.9 centimeters dilated, documenting the process on TikTok.