Get ready for an action-packed night at the 2023 Grammys Awards when singers across genres will come together for one special night of gold, music and memories. The hottest in the singing biz will take the stage and fill up the auditorium seats on Sunday. The lucky few will have a gilded gramophone bestowed upon them to celebrate their musical achievements. Beyoncé led nominations when they were announced back in November, scoring nine nods total. Kendrick Lamar was close behind with eight noms. With the new round of nominations, Beyoncé and her husband, Jay-Z, are now tied as the most nominated artists in Grammy history with 88 nominations. Fans were shocked when Bruno Mars and his musical collaborator Anderson .Paak decided not to offer their album “An Evening With Silk Sonic” for Grammy consideration. In a statement to Rolling Stone released last October, they said: “We truly put our all on this record, but Silk Sonic would like to gracefully, humbly and most importantly, sexually, bow out of submitting our album this year.” “We hope we can celebrate with everyone on a great year of music and partake in the party. Thank you for letting Silk Sonic thrive,” they added. The 2022 show was full of wild moments, including when Doja Cat almost missed her chance for an acceptance speech while on a bathroom break. The “Say So” singer and SZA received the trophy for Best Pop Duo/Group Performance for “Kiss Me More.” However, Doja sprinted to the stage just in time to accept the award. “I’ve never taken such a fast piss in my whole life,” she huffed and puffed in between heaving breaths on stage. Here’s everything you need to know about the 2023 Grammy Awards. Trevor Noah is emceeing this year’s Grammy awards. He previously hosted the 2021 and 2022 ceremonies. “The first one was [during] COVID-19, and it was a completely different way to make the show,” the South African native told Billboard in December about hosting. “And then the next one was in Las Vegas because of the restrictions [in Los Angeles], and that was a different type of show. Now it’s exciting [because] it’ll be the first one for me back in LA —that’s hopefully not just normal, but different for the right reasons.” “I don’t think it’s normal to host it once, so I don’t have a great frame of reference for this,” he continued. “It is thrilling. For me, it’s a cheat code because I’m a fan of almost all the people who are there.” The event will occur in Los Angeles on Feb. 5 at the Crypto.com Arena, formerly known as the Staples Center. Kim Petras, Harry Styles, Sam Smith, Mary J. Blige, Brandi Carlile, Luke Combs, Steve Lacy, Lizzo and Bad Bunny are some of musicians performing during the show. DJ Khaled, Rick Ross, Lil Wayne, John Legend, and Fridayy will join Jay-Z on stage to sing the song “God Did.” The track is nominated for three awards, including song of the year, best rap song and best rap performance. Stevie Wonder, Smokey Robinson and Chris Stapleton are all performing during the telecast. Presenters include First lady Jill Biden, James Corden, Billy Crystal, Viola Davis, Cardi B, Olivia Rodrigo, Shania Twain and Dwayne Johnson. The nominees were revealed last November and Beyoncé is in the lead with nine nods. Kendrick Lamar came close behind with eight. Adele and Carlile are tied with seven nominations a piece. Blige, DJ Khaled, Future, Terius “The-Dream” Gesteelde-Diamant, Randy Merrill and Harry Styles followed with six noms each. Taylor Swift is up for four awards this year and Lizzo earned five noms. The show will be streamed on Paramount+ and can also be watched live on CBS starting at 8 p.m. ET/ 5 p.m. PT. Streaming will also be available via the Recording Academy’s social channels such as Facebook, TikTok, YouTube, Twitter, and Instagram. The red carpet can be viewed via live.grammy.com ahead of the event.