Tom Brady’s model admirer has her sights set on “Sports Illustrated.” Veronika Rajek — the 26-year-old Slovakian model who went viral in December when she supported the former Buccaneers quarterback during a win over the Saints — recently shared her career goals and future modeling plans. “My goal was always to be a Victoria’s Secret model because I am five-foot-eleven, I am 125 pounds and I work hard,” Rajek told The Sun. “My biggest dream now is to be on the cover of ‘Sports Illustrated.’ “These days they sometimes use people who I don’t think play any sport, so I think I can be a Sports Illustrated model. This is my goal and my dream — and also just to carry on doing what I love and be a model.” Brady’s ex-wife, Brazilian supermodel Gisele Bündchen, was a Victoria’s Secret Angel from 1999-2006, walking in her final runway show for the brand in 2005. The pair revealed that they finalized their divorce in October after 13 years of marriage. Earlier this month, Rajek took to Instagram to address comparisons “to others” after multiple outlets, along with critics on Instagram, compared her to Bündchen. Rajek, meanwhile, is excited about various modeling projects she has in the works — but remained secretive about her future plans. “I have a lot of new projects I don’t want to talk about because I believe in them and am afraid to talk about them,” she told the outlet. “I am working on a new project and I hope it will be something big and I have some good people around me. “I love to be in a bikini which is why I love it in Mexico because it’s always hot.” Although the blonde beauty can’t predict the future, she said she hopes to become a mother one day. “I don’t know where I’ll be in 10 years but I hope I’ll be a good, supportive mother and have a nice family,” she said. Rajek, who has over four million followers on Instagram, garnered attention in the sports world when she declared her love for Brady in a December post. “I saw the LEGEND and if somebody asks me again if I love Brady, yes I love him, and show me somebody who doesn’t,” Rajek wrote on the social media platform, where she posted photos of herself wearing Brady’s No. 12 Buccaneers jersey at Raymond James Stadium in Tampa on Dec. 5. Rajek tuned in to Super Bowl 2023 between the Chiefs and Eagles after the Buccaneers’ season ended in January following a loss to the Cowboys in the wild-card round of the playoffs. Rajek told the outlet that she threw a Super Bowl party and was rooting for Philadelphia, who suffered a 38-35 loss to Kansas City. “Now it’s two months without football,” she said about the NFL offseason. “But as you can see I’m already practicing so hard for the NFL Draft. So, any offers for a receiver or DB contact my manager.” Rajek, who resides in Mexico, spends a lot of time in the United States, including Los Angeles and Miami. The Slovak native said on the “Pillow Talk” podcast last month that she wants to live in the United States, but it is not easy to become a citizen.