Some dog owners decide to adopt their pets from shelters, as opposed to getting one from a breeder. Part of this is to give dogs in need a home, but there is a larger movement at play as well. World Spay Day, the last Tuesday of February, calls for owners to spay their pets to prevent more animals from ending up without a home. But adopting a dog means you may not know exactly what breed your pup is. A dog DNA test is a fun and trendy way to find out your dog’s breed, personality traits, and more with a simple cheek swab. For just $60 (reg. $79), you could learn all about your four-legged pal with DNA My Dog’s Identification Test. Adopted pup or not, you may have an idea of your dog’s breed but want to know for sure. Painlessly swab your dog’s cheek, mail off the sample with the provided envelope, and get a full report emailed to you in two weeks or less from when the manufacturer receives your sample. Learn the best training practices for your dog and their physical, social, and emotional needs after receiving your test results. This information could make your life as a pet owner that much easier. DNA My Dog claims that you could find out your dog’s unique DNA, breed mix, personality traits, and even genetic health concerns or risk for certain diseases. This information may help you learn as much about your dog as possible so you can meet their individual needs. Possibly finding your dog’s risk of certain diseases could help you make their life as comfortable as possible, too. The more you know about your pet, the more you can help them. This doggy identification test has earned 5 out of 5 stars from users, and one verified customer wrote, “Fast, professional, and will use them again if needed. I rescue animals and I get some nifty combinations. It was so nice to see where my babies came from without paying an arm and a leg!” Test your furry friend with DNA My Dog’s Identification Test for just $60 (reg. $79) and get the information you need to give your dog the care they deserve. Prices subject to change.