Gov. Kathy Hochul may get front-row seats with Anna Wintour at Fashion Week — but in Albany, she’s getting treated worse than a Vogue intern. The state’s first female governor was spotted rubbing elbows with the infamous editrix at Michael Kors’ runway show Thursday — while 150 miles away in Albany her chosen pick to lead the state’s highest court was about to get trashed like last season’s clothes. State Senate Majority Leader Andrea Stewart-Cousins (D-Yonkers) showed the devil didn’t need to wear Prada to make a brutal move, as she united her chamber’s Democratic conference to, in an unprecedented move, officially reject Hochul’s nomination of Judge Hector LaSalle to lead the Court of Appeals. As her political future getting tripped up like a rookie runway model, the governor had a huge smile on her face while hobnobbing with a bevy of bold-faced names at the New York Fashion Week closer, including feminist icon Gloria Steinem and celebs like Kate Hudson, Katie Holmes and Alan Cumming. It was a far cry from the look on LaSalle’s face a couple of hours later as he sat alone in the state Senate chamber watching progressive Democrats rip his middle-of-the-road judicial record — and it left Albany political watchers stunned at Hochul’s bad optics. “I think she’s lurching from idea to idea and mistake to mistake,” noted Republican political consultant Chapin Fay. “Better to go hobnob with donors in New York City than be embarrassed in Albany.” Ahead of the mid-afternoon vote, Hochul tried to put on a brave face about the devastating political blow. “I think this is a good outcome to at least let it get to the floor of the Senate,” Hochul told reporters as Democrats got ready to make her the first governor ever to have a court pick rejected — let alone a chief judge nominee. “My position is this: I’ve been called an iron fist inside of a velvet glove. Sometimes the glove comes off, sometimes it doesn’t have to. We can handle Albany,” she said after hobnobbing at the seasonal sartorial show. Some observers were stunned that the governor allowed LaSalle to sit alone in the chamber, without sending anyone to accompany her own nominee — or maybe firing up her helicopter so she could get back to Albany herself to support him. “You mean, [she] could not have sent two staffers to sit with them?” a sitting judge lamented. “I think it shows more about her than it shows about him because he’s a courageous man of character who sat there and took what was given to him with his head held high.” The 39-20 vote against his confirmation, which occurred just hours after Senate Democrats informed the Hochul administration a floor vote might happen Wednesday, ended a nearly two-month stand-off between Hochul and her own party’s Albany leaders over LaSalle, largely based on a handful of past cases touching on topics like union rights and abortion. Hochul, who also touted economic development funding at the Fashion Institute of Technology in Manhattan midday Wednesday, meanwhile, did not return to Albany while senators got ready to hold another Judiciary Committee meeting to move the nomination to the full Senate floor. She also did not send any surrogates to give LaSalle back-up as debate continued or even make any public efforts to whip support among senators ahead of the unexpected vote on Wednesday, critics note. “It was sad to see judge LaSalle in the gallery all by himself – abandoned by the governor and her staff obviously,” state Sen. George Borello (R-Jamestown), who voted in favor of LaSalle, told The Post. LaSalle would have been the first Latino ever confirmed to serve as chief judge of the Court of Appeals – a historical mark Hochul had repeatedly touted ever since she unveiled her court pick in late December ahead of fierce opposition from the left. Hochul had refused to withdraw the nomination despite the state Senate Judiciary Committee voting in January against LaSalle while doing very little publicly in the subsequent weeks beyond saying she was keeping her options open while pushing for a floor vote on his nomination. A lawsuit filed last week by Republican state Sen. Anthony Palumbo (R-Suffolk), however, eventually pushed Stewart-Cousins — who said weeks ago Hochul lacked the votes to confirm LaSalle — to suddenly announce Wednesday that her chamber would bring the nomination to the floor in order to end the ongoing “distraction” ahead of the April 1 state budget deadline. “But for the Senate Republicans, but for Sen. Palumbo and his lawsuit, this doesn’t happen today,” GOP Senate Minority Leader Robert Ortt (R-Lockport) told reporters after the vote. “Governor Hochul didn’t do anything to make it happen. She nominated him and apparently was willing to let him twist in the wind.” The floor vote was the end of the line for LaSalle and his efforts to move on from his current role as presiding justice of the Brooklyn-based Appellate Division, Second Department. Hochul could nominate another person for chief judge once a state panel finishes screening a new roster of seven candidates. The process could conclude as quickly as late March, based on recent court history if the state Court of Appeals formally notifies them in the upcoming days about the chief judge vacancy. At least 15 more days would have to pass before Hochul could legally announce her pick, with the state Senate required to vote within 30 days after that, though the entire process could theoretically take more than four months to conclude, according to commission rules. A Hochul spokeswoman did not immediately provide comment about why the governor did not return to Albany ahead of the floor vote. While her political critics say she bungled the LaSalle nomination, some say it made sense that Hochul would rather hang out with Wintour, Steinem, and other fashionistas and celebrities rather than return to Albany to fight for her doomed nominee. Said Fay, “She’s still trying to figure out the levers of state government, unlike [disgraced ex-Gov. Andrew Cuomo] who was raised in it and lived, ate and breathed it, and knew how to get done what he needed to get done.”