George Santos is back in the news again, this time for inspiring a viral drag performance. A Los Angeles-based drag queen who goes by the stage name Meatball became the talk of TikTok this week after transforming herself into the embattled Republican congressman — and his own drag alter ego, Kitara Ravache. Meatball took the stage Sunday at the Manhattan concert venue Le Poisson Rouge as part of drag queen Sasha Velour’s monthly drag showcase, NightGowns. The performance opens with Meatball taking the stage in Santos’ signature blue sweater and suit combo, accessorized with black-rimmed glasses and a pair of stilettoes, to the sound of Kesha’s 2017 hit song “This Is Me.” As Meatball’s drag version of the Long Island lawmaker lip syncs to the lyrics of the song, she incrementally begins to strip away the suit, revealing a short, glittery red dress underneath, reminiscent of the one Santos famously wore in a photo as his one-time drag persona, Kitara Ravache. The routine is performed with much aplomb and plenty of attitude, complete with dramatic head tosses and hip swivels, drawing loud cheers from an appreciative crowd. The number reaches a crescendo when Meatball as Santos as Kitara Ravache pulls a long black wig out of bag and puts its on her head. She then proceeds to whip around her artificial tresses to the audience’s delight. Meatball then sticks the landing by yanking a cheap-looking red boa from the top of her dress, drapes it around her neck and strikes a playful pose, making the fans go wild. Meatball’s spirited performance has been viewed more than 339,000 on Twitter and has drawn over 29,000 “likes” on TikTok as of Tuesday. The real George Santos, who has launched a thousands late-night jokes and parodies after being exposed as a relentless serial fabulist, is facing multiple state and federal investigations, along with bipartisan calls to resign, which he has ignored. Santos admitted to some of his fabrications in an interview with The Post in December, when he acknowledged that he lied about key details on his CV before the November elections, including his family history, religious background, education and work experience. When a photo emerged of Santos decked out in a red dress and wig during his youth in Brazil, the fabulist vehemently denied being a drag queen. “I was young and I had fun at a festival,” Santos, who is openly gay, told reporters at the time. Santos’ web of lies and scandals has inspired a parade of comedians to impersonate him on screen, including “Saturday Night Live” cast member Bowen Yang, “What We Do In The Shadows” alum Harvey Guillen and veteran comic Jon Lovitz. Santos has been left unimpressed by all the TV impersonations, judging them to be “terrible.” “These comedians need to step their game up,” the politician opined in January. Santos has yet to weigh in on Meatball’s performance.  