A Manhattan penthouse tied to a bankrupt Mar-a-Lago member and alleged Chinese spy has been price-chopped — and is now on the market for $32.5 million. While the beneficial ownership of the property is currently in dispute, self-exiled Guo Wengui — also known as Miles Kwok — received a glowing personal recommendation letter from former British Prime Minister Tony Blair when Guo negotiated the purchase of the home at the Sherry-Netherland, 781 Fifth Ave., for $67.5 million in 2015. Guo tried to flip it later that year for $86 million, StreetEasy shows. In 2015, Blair reportedly wrote, “Miles is dependable, sincere and extremely responsible as an individual; conducting himself with dignity and intelligence … Miles is honest, forthright and has impeccable taste. I would highly recommend him to your building.” But since then, Guo’s repeated claims on social media that COVID-19 vaccines are “fake” have embarrassed Blair, according to the Daily Mail. The 15-room apartment, which comes with more than $70,000 a month in maintenance fees, has been price-chopped ever since listing for that sum in 2015, StreetEasy records also show. The extravagant residence, with sweeping views of Central Park — as well as three planted terraces and a library with a wet bar — had previously hit the market for $95 million in 2012. The seller at that time was Gilbert Haroche, a co-founder of Liberty Travel. Haroche died in 2015, the year of the Guo purchase. Guo built a real estate empire in China before landing on US shores in 2014 ahead of corruption charges — after a mutually beneficial relationship with a Chinese intelligence official landed him in hot water. From this perch, according to Mansion Global, Guo also live-streamed about corruption and other so-called top secrets in China, reportedly including a post that alleged the Chinese military spread COVID-19. Guo went on to partner with Steve Bannon. In June 2020, Guo and Bannon launched the New Federal State of China, a political movement and lobby group to bring down the Chinese government. In August 2020, Bannon was arrested on Guo’s yacht, charged with defrauding donors in a private effort to raise money to build a border wall between the US and Mexico. By February, 2022, Guo filed for personal bankruptcy protection in Connecticut after amassing more than $500 million in debt. Guo claims his children own the penthouse and that profits from the penthouse sale can’t be used to pay off creditors. “The co-op doesn’t care who owns it, since they have money from Guo to pay the maintenance fees until it sells,” a Sherry-Netherland source told Gimme Shelter. One of Guo’s lawyers declined to comment. Others did not return calls at press time. The listing broker, Serena Boardman of Sotheby’s International Realty, declined to comment.