Walmart is trying to appeal to people who have not-so-significant others this Valentine’s Day. The country’s largest retailer is selling a stuffed teddy bear holding a broken heart that says “LOVE” split in two and wearing a shirt that proclaims: “Bye bye!” The 9-inch-tall stuffed animal, who dances on demand, is called the “Way To Celebrate!” bear — even though the recipient might not see it as a cause for celebration since it’s meant for a breakup. “Your special someone will love this festive gnome that is decked out in his best Valentine’s Day attire!” the item description reads. “This bear is ready to wish your someone special a Happy Valentine’s Day! This fun animated bear will be the hit of the Valentine’s Day party and makes a great gift for your loved ones of all ages.” The brown bear dances to the song “Bye Bye Bye” by *NSYNC when its foot is pressed. “It is cuter than a breakup text,” Walmart tweeted along with a picture of the product. Walmart calls the bear the “perfect humorous Valentine’s gift” — but people on the internet didn’t find it so funny. “Walmart is savage,” one person tweeted. “If [you’re] breaking up with someone why you give them a bear or anything,” another said. “Walmart you not funny,” someone commented. “To show you’re not heartless when you break someone’s heart,” a user wrote. “Honestly if I was given this it would hurt more than a text,” a person said. “Breaking up with Walmart over text,” another quipped. “That’s just sick. Walmart sucks,” a disappointed customer wrote. Other people were very fond of the breakup bear. “Absolutely hilarious. Told my husband I wanted one even though we aren’t breaking up because [it’s] just that funny,” someone admitted. “This is perfect,” another commented. “He’s BEARY Adorable,” someone said. You can purchase the bear for your anti-Valentine at Walmart for $16.98. Recipients of the bear can seek even more catharsis by flushing their ex down the toilet this V-Day when upcycling their paper-based memories into toilet paper that can wipe away the pain. And if that won’t do, you can also name a cockroach after your ex.