Bella Thorne is happy to autograph photos of herself — as long as they’re appropriate. The former Disney star turned OnlyFans creator, 25, has revealed that she recently refused to sign a “sexy” underage snap of herself that was presented to her by a male fan. Thorne recalled her encounter with the man in an interview with the Hollywood Reporter on Sunday, bluntly declaring: “I normally don’t tell [fans] off but they offended me.” The “Shake It Up” starlet said the male admirer initially asked her to autograph a sultry photo from a 2017 GQ Mexico shoot she did at age 19. “It was super sexy and my butt is out and I’m wearing lingerie and I’m topless,” Thorne said of the snap. She refused to sign the photo before the autograph seeker pulled out a second sexy snap — an image from a Candie’s campaign that was taken when she was just 16. “He was like, ‘Come on, Bella. Sign it for me.’ I didn’t like it. It was inappropriate,” Thorne recalled of the man’s persistence. “There was some stuff there from a Candie’s campaign that I did when I was 16 and it was clear that he wanted me to sign things that were viewed as sexy and even underage and I was like, ‘Give me something else.’ He said, ‘Aren’t they all sexy?'” Thorne added. “No, enough is enough.” Her Candies campaign — where Thorne was photographed in a pink bikini as well as a pink bra and white short shorts — was criticized upon its 2014 release for sexualizing young girls. Speaking of the people who created the controversial campaign, Thorne stated: “I get it, they have to make money and everyone has a job so I get that. It was just that I was under 18 and it’s inappropriate.” In retrospect, Thorne told the Hollywood Reporter that she would rethink some of those questionable shots and “wouldn’t do” them now. However, she said she refuses to be plagued by her past. “You also can’t spend your time trying to take back these moments or moments that you were too sexy or think that being a woman is only this or that,” she said. Recalling her teen years as a child star, Thorne told the Hollywood Reporter that she was lucky to make it out relatively unscathed. “I actually made it out pretty clean,” she stated. “I could’ve done so many worse things as so many teenagers do. I didn’t have really rough issues with mental [health] or get stuck in a really dark place where you don’t want to get out of bed. “I mean, I’ve definitely been there but I have been pretty lucky,” the star declared.