A 14-year-old gangbanger has been arrested in connection to the shooting of a teenage boy — the son of a high-ranking Westchester County police official — on an MTA bus in the Bronx, authorities and law enforcement sources said Thursday. The teen suspect — a member of the ruthless Mac Baller gang — was picked up Wednesday evening after threatening someone with a gun at a Bronx bus stop, according to cops and the sources. He was then linked to the Jan. 21 shooting of a 17-year-old boy on board a Bx5 bus. The victim — who, according to sources, is the son of Mount Vernon Police Deputy Commissioner Jennifer Lackard — was blasted in the chest shortly before 6 p.m. at Story Avenue and Metcalf Avenue in Soundview. He had boarded the bus with three other boys, two of them 12 and one 10 years old, sources said at the time. A pair of teenagers got on at Hunts Point Avenue and Bruckner Boulevard — and the victim, whose name is being withheld by The Post, allegedly flashed gang signs at them as he started to get off the bus, according to sources. He allegedly asked them for their gang affiliation — and then grabbed one of them, a 14-year-old, and tried to drag him off the bus, the sources said. During the scuffle, two shots were fired, with one hitting the victim in the chest. The victim — who is affiliated with the Slutty Gang street crew and has three prior arrests, according to police sources — was rushed to Jacobi Medical Center in critical but stable condition. He was expected to recover. The suspect — whose name was not released because of his age — was charged with attempted murder, assault, criminal use of a firearm and reckless endangerment, police said. He has three prior arrests in the Big Apple, all for robbery, in January, February and March of last year, sources said. His last known address is in Kutztown, Pennsylvania. His arrest came after he and two other guys set upon a male victim waiting for a Bx8 bus at Buhre Avenue and Crosby Avenue in Pelham Bay, the sources said. The trio called the victim by his brother’s name and asked if that was him, according to the sources. The 14-year-old then threatened to shoot the victim and flashed a silver gun that he pulled out of his vest, the sources said. The other two suspects claimed they also had guns on them before they punched the victim in the face, according to the sources. The 14-year-old was busted around the corner on Pilgrim Avenue and charged with menacing, assault and criminal possession of a firearm, the sources said. He was then recognized from a previous arrest warrant and connected to the bus shooting, the sources said. Investigators previously tracked down an Instagram page believed to belong to the alleged bus shooter. They dug through the arrest history of an “associate” who was on the bus with the suspect — finding a co-defendant from a previous robbery arrest who looked similar to the photos on the Instagram page. Cops interviewed the associate and confirmed the teen’s identity, the sources said. The teen suspect was expected to appear in Bronx Criminal Court on Thursday.