Welcome to the largest boat and yacht show in the world. For the first time, the 2023 Discover Boating Miami International Boat Show will boast 1,200 exhibitors set up at six different locations around Miami and Miami Beach, both on land and on water, beginning yesterday and running through Feb. 19. It’s a fleet of fun created when the annual Miami International Boat Show and the Miami Yacht Show joined forces with SuperYacht Miami in 2022. “Last year’s show bought in $1.34 billion to the local community, that’s a great economic impact,” Paul Flannery, COO of the International Yacht Brokers Association, told The Post. “With the pooled resources, the goal is to make this show the best, and to keep improving customer experience.” The epicenter of the event is the Miami Beach Convention Center, where power boats up to 49 feet, engine manufacturers, marine accessories, electronics and retail pavilions are set up. At Herald Plaza, larger power boats, motor yachts ranging from 50 feet to 125 feet in length, yacht tenders, engines, marine accessories and additional retail are on view. Museum Park Marina will provide an up-close look at the latest sailboats, catamarans and sailing accessories. At the Venetian Marina, test drive one of more than 150 sea trial vessels — test sails must be booked in advance with the vendor and alas, access to all boats in the show is at the discretion of the individual exhibitor. The Progressive Boat Show Experience at Pride Park, adjacent to the Miami Beach Convention Center, features the AquaZone by Nautical Ventures, a must for thrill-seeking water sports fans. Yes, there are superyachts — luxurious craft stretching to almost 300 feet in length will be on display at SuperYacht Miami, held at Yacht Haven Grande Miami. This separate exhibit within the boat show has separate ticketing that includes general admission to the whole event and complimentary water tender service over to Yacht Haven Grande Miami. “There will be lots and lots of boats on display. Everything from kayaks to catamarans to superyachts,” said Andrew Doole, president of the US Boat Shows division of London-based Informa Markets, which produces the Discover Boating Miami International Boat Show. “Last year, there were still inventory shortages from production slowdowns during COVID. We were still catching up,” he added. The latest in electric-powered boats will be on display. “It’s the newest category and it’s been growing slowly for a few years,” said Doole. “Now it’s a bigger focus, just like the electric car market has become.” Negative environmental effects from littering, fuel and sewage at marinas and at sea from the growing popularity of leisure boats is a profound problem the industry is addressing, said Flannery. The show organizers have partnered with the Miami Foundation to raise awareness and support its Biscayne Bay Recovery Fund, created to protect Greater Miami’s blighted 35-mile-long marine ecosystem. Ticket holders will be able to make donations. Overall, expect new boats and yachts from the world’s leading boat manufacturers, such as Cruisers Yachts, NauticStar, Intrepid Powerboats, Pursuit Boats, Solara and Scout Boats. “But there’s also all the things that go along with that,” noted Doole. There is an awful lot that goes into boating: everything from the Marine Sanitation Devices (MSDs) to pots and pans. “You can buy everything from sunglasses to a superyacht at the show,” said Flannery, a lifelong boater ever since his father took him out on the water as a young boy. “It caters to the whole experience from fine linens and silverware, to production of fresh water and waste disposal.” The convention center will even include a drop-in classroom, Fred’s Shed Interactive Learning Center, to help boaters maintain and fix their boat — which might prove essential when out at sea. But it’s not just engine stuff for gear heads. The Boat Show aims to be a happy place for all — even fashionistas. “Ladies who want to come to the show looking their best don’t have to suffer after walking around for hours in uncomfortable shoes,” said Flannery. “We have a shoe valet: They can buy high-end flip-flops at cost price and valet their heels until later.” Be sure to retrieve them in time for the Yachts after Dark event on Friday, 7 p.m. until 9 p.m., at Herald Plaza. Included in the general admission ticket, this is the place to unwind and take in the yachts in a “less-crowded space,” said Doole. “There will be live music and yes, there will be cocktails. This is boating,” he added. What better way to tour the boat show’s locations than by water taxi? Water taxi service begins an hour before the show starts and runs until an hour after the show ends. Tickets: $15 per person, per day (must be pre-purchased before the show). Brightline train passengers traveling from West Palm Beach, Boca Raton, and Fort Lauderdale to Miami Central may access complimentary shuttles to Herald Plaza and the Miami Beach Convention Center for the boat show events. Tickets There is no box office on site; tickets must be purchased in advance online through the Discover Boating Miami International Boat Show’s website. General admission one-day passes: adults $42, children 6-plus $16; GA two-day passes: adults $72. Prime Time Preview one-day tickets allow early access to the show: $62 (valid Wednesday through Sunday). Children under the age of 6 have free admittance if accompanied by an adult. Active military, veterans and first responders receive complimentary general admission on Sunday, Feb. 19. SuperYacht Miami one-day tickets: $130 per person; Prime Time Preview SuperYacht Miami one-day tickets: $155 per person. Windward VIP Experience tickets add access to the Windward Lounges at One Herald Plaza and Miami Beach Convention Center. There will be an open bar and food. Tickets: $325 per person, which includes a one-day general admission pass, access to SuperYacht Miami and a one-day water taxi ticket. It also includes admission to the separate Art Wynwood 2023 at the Art Miami and Context Art Miami site at Herald Plaza. “Superyacht owners are usually art collectors,” said Doole. “There is a connection and a growing interest in art from boaters.” For more information about the 2023 Discover Boating Miami International Boat Show, please visit MiamiBoatShow.com.