Here comes the bride — with a secret recording device. One blushing bride immediately went red with fury after unintentionally capturing audio of her wedding guests “s- -t talking” her and wife Randi, calling the couple “tacky,” at their reception. “Here’s a tip I came across by accident to see what your wedding guests actually think about your wedding,” revealed newlywed Yaya Kampen, based central California, in her explosive TikTok how-to. “[I heard], literally, every single thing that was said amongst [the guests] at our wedding.” In a three-part video series, which raked in more than a combined 4.5 million views, the blonde revealed that she’d transformed an antique rotary phone into an audio guest book — a recording system on which attendees are asked to leave congratulatory voice messages for the hosts — for her ‘70s themed November 2021 nuptials. She implanted a small, $49 taping device from Amazon into the telephone, which, rather than merely capturing the voices of each guest as they spoke into the phone’s receiver, picked up every sound, comment and conversation in the room. And, unfortunately for Yaya and Randi, a slew of their guests, including her “a- -hole” great aunt, Cindy, were upset that the pair had arbitrarily uninvited a number of “homophobic” people who’d “damned” them to hell over their same-sex union. “I did catch [Aunt Cindy] talking s- -t,” said Yaya, after blasting her elderly relative for mournfully donning an all-black ensemble and grousing in the background of all their wedding photos. “She sucks.” In a separate video, the besmirched bride shared audio of great Aunt Cindy complaining about excluded family members to a cousin, saying of Yaya and Randi, “Like, how tacky and disrespectful can you be?.” The aunt was, too, caught telling another guest that she doesn’t “support” the newlyweds’ decision to freeze out prejudice folks from their matrimony. “It definitely did hurt my feelings,” lamented Yaya. And TikTok watchers empathized with the emotionally battered bride. “This is actually heartbreaking. I’m so sorry that your love wasn’t just celebrated, as it should have been. You two deserved that,” a commenter penned, in part. “After my wedding, my mom sent an email to my aunt b- -ching about me & my wedding & my aunt accidentally replied to me instead of my mom, so I got, too,” another groaned. Others were impressed by Yaya’s sleuthing. “Omg so you wiretapped your event,” a tickled audience member chimed. “Accidental spy bride,” joked another. And although Yaya was understandably wounded by her family’s nasty name-calling, she said that she doesn’t regret one thing about her big day. “I think that our wedding was really beautiful…and I loved our  guest book idea, I thought it was really cute,” she gushed before offering a word of advice to soon-to-be brides. “If you’re literally planning your wedding,” she began, “please only invite people who just love the crap out of you.”