This story has your name all over it — literally. Giving and getting jewelry nowadays may lack a personal touch, as one can pick up a ring, necklace or bracelet at a number of retailers, many without any element of uniqueness or even a fresh take. No more, with the new collection of personalized fine jewelry from BaubleBar, that goes even farther than just a name or initials. In addition to the customization of their nameplate jewelry, there are also many different pieces to choose from that span metals and price ranges, making it accessible and affordable to give a truly heartfelt piece of jewelry or wear your own with pride every day. Let’s get into it! Shoppable right now, BaubleBar has added some new releases, joining their must-have classic Fine Jewelry collection. Their Custom Medallions collection features unique and trendy shapes like hearts, detailed circles and even picture frame-shapes with bold colors and metallic accents, made of 18K gold that is made to last. Better yet, each pendant is reversible, featuring bright enamel colors on one side when you’re feeling like you need a statement piece and a gold design on the other for a classy look for every day. They also have reintroduced silver as a hot look for 2023, coming back with a vengeance after gold took over our 2022. Find bestselling styles in the icy hue, including the Pavé Custom Nameplate Necklace and the Paperclip Chain Custom Nameplate Necklace to name a few of our faves. Back to the personal touches, now, instead of just nameplate necklaces and initials you can also customize a piece of fine jewelry with a date, like a birthday, anniversary or another special date. You can also opt for Angel Numbers, too, bringing good luck and manifestations into 2023. No matter your style, lucky number or budget, we have a personalized pick or custom nameplate necklace for you, with both new releases and classic pieces you’ll wear through 2023 and beyond. Celebrate your name or a loved one’s with a glittering ode around your neck. The pavé necklaces come in your choice of gold or silver, with sparkling silver stones throughout. To get in on the 20% off savings, add this simple yet elegant bracelet to your stack. The gold curb chain can feature any nine-character name in either block or script letters to match your mood, made with 14K gold-plated sterling silver. Yes, bracelet fans can also get in on the customizations. This classic custom nameplate is also made with 18K gold-plated sterling silver and comes with multiple loops for an adjustable fit. Follow your heart and shop for a unique piece you’ll love. The new 18K gold heart-shaped pendant is reversible and customizable, allowing you to choose a color to complement the gold as well as a name, initials or even numbers and symbols. It’s a date! This custom necklace can feature a special day in your life, or a set of three double-digit numbers — think birthdays, anniversaries and more. Picture this: A custom necklace with your name, birthday, a loved one’s initials and more on a golden chain all your own. Make that a reality with this new medallion, made of 18K gold with personalization options a plenty. Gold makes the world go ’round. This stunning 18K gold circular medallion takes a classic shape and turns up the volume, adding sunburst detailing, color and customization for a unique piece all your own. What’s your lucky number? Add your favorite digits or a date to this pendant and keep them close to the heart, on a 18K gold plated charm with a unique vertical design. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.