FDNY Commissioner Laura Kavanagh got jeered — while a fire official protesting her recent brass shake-up was cheered — at a promotions ceremony in Brooklyn on Tuesday. Kavanagh stood up on the dais as she was announced at the start of the event, prompting a bare smattering of applause and then some loud boos from the back of the Christian Cultural Center in Starrett City, where the routine ceremony was being held. The heckling was so noticeable that the FDNY emcee at the mike, Capt. Andrew Brown, had to embarrassingly chide the ranks, “Quiet down, gentlemen.’’ FDNY Chief of Department John Hodgens — who gave up his title along with another top fire official last week in protest of Kavanagh’s sudden demotion of three of their colleagues — was then announced, stood up and saluted the crowd. Hodgens, who had been seated to Kavanagh’s right, received huge sustained applause. An FDNY source quipped of the cool reception Kavanagh received, “After what she did on Friday, she is lucky the boos weren’t louder.” A high-ranking FDNY source has told The Post that the demoted brass — Assistant Chief of Fire Prevention Joe Jardin, Assistant Chief of Operations Michael Gala and Assistant Chief of Operations Fred Schaaf — got the slap Friday partly because of the alleged “way they undermine their counterparts.” Kananagh told about 20 deputy chiefs in a private powwow after the demotions were announced that she was tired of underlings asking for promotions, department cars and other self-serving perks in recent weeks — without offering any suggestions on such crucial issues as how to reduce fire deaths, particularly in the Bronx, sources said. But critics said the seemingly sudden demotions have left the department in disarray and caused extreme bitterness among the ranks. Included in those opposing the move were Hodgens and Chief of Operations John Esposito, who soon voluntarily gave up their titles in protest, sources said. The FDNY source said the three higher-ups who were demoted did not support Kavanagh’s eventually successful bid to become the city’s first female fire commissioner. “No one on the job supported her, from chief down to fireman,’’ the source claimed.  Firefighters union President Jim Mcarthy told The Post on Tuesday, “The boos and applause show who the department members do and don’t support. “It’s inaccurate to say the members [who were demoted] undermined her,” he added. Kavanagh, asked about the demotions at a press briefing after Tuesday’s ceremony, said, “It’s not atypical — I’m making changes as every commissioner has done before me, every single one. “I’m picking a staff that’s going to lead us forward into the future and accomplish the goals for myself and the mayor … a staff that is going to serve what the members need every day,” she said. When queried about Hodgens and Esposito, the fire chief said, “They are still working in their positions, and whatever they decide to do, I will accept their decisions.” The FDNY did not comment when later asked by The Post specifically about the booing. Tuesday’s promotions event included a slew of new job titles involving assistant chiefs, deputy chiefs, battalion chiefs, captains and lieutenants. The newly promoted ranks were being distributed to firehouses across the city, the department said. “The bar is high: Our new leaders have displayed the tenacity and skill to get to their new positions,” Kavanagh said in a statement, referring to those promoted. “They will be role models for our members, as well as set an example of professionalism and respect that Fire Departments around the world seek to mirror.”