Ellie Goulding, what are you waiting for? The 36-year-old English singer/songwriter will reportedly heat up the bedroom with an X-rated song about sex with her husband, Caspar Jopling, 31. Goulding’s fifth studio album, “Higher Than Heaven,” is slated to drop on March 24, but some details about songs have been leaked. The song “Waiting For It,” The Sun reported Thursday, reportedly includes the lyrics: “We can f–k the world away, I’ve been reconditioned into new positions.” “Pouring you in my cup, let it drip on my fingers / But it’s never enough, I want it again.” The outlet reported that Goulding debuted the song during an intimate set, where she remarked, “You can tell what mood I was in when I wrote this song.” She was quoted saying the new album “is about being passionately in love. But it’s a hyper form of love, almost like a drug-induced feeling.” Goulding previously spoke about the upcoming album and how time during the pandemic helped it come to fruition. “There was definitely a darkness about [the past two years] that was palpable in the studio, with everyone having gone through it differently,” she said. “I think for that reason, nobody wanted to sit and agonize over some relationship or some drama. So that’s how this album came together.” The Post reached out to Goulding’s reps for comment. Jopling and Goulding tied the knot in August 2019 in a star-studded England ceremony after two years of dating. They welcomed their first child, Arthur Ever Winter, in April 2021. In January, Goulding announced on Instagram that she would be pushing the album’s release date to March, explaining to fans, “I know you’ve all been so patient with me but we’ve had some exciting opportunities appear behind the scenes which I cannot wait to share with you in due course.” Goulding also teased: “We also shot something really exciting this past weekend that’ll come around the album’s release. More on that very soon…” “Thank you all so much for sticking by me. I can’t wait to finally share this record with you all on March 24 and I hope you love it as much as I do,” she ended the post. New single aside, it’s the “Lights” singer’s rumored 2013 relationship with Niall Horan that continues to spark conversation. Goulding defended herself in January after a TikToker accused her of cheating on Ed Sheeran with the former One Direction teeny bopper. “Can’t believe u cheated on Ed with Niall, but slay [for real],” the fan commented on Goulding’s video, which showed her dancing to a rendition of Harry Styles’ “As It Was.“ “False!!!!! But also slay,” Goulding swiftly replied.