Former NBA big man Dwight Howard was one of 12 players ejected in a T1 league game between his Taoyuan Leopards and the TaiwanBeer HeroBears in Taiwan on Sunday. With less than a minute left in the game, HeroBears captain and point guard Chiang Yu-an took an elbow to the face from Leopards guard Chen Hsiao-jung, which sparked an all-out brawl on the court. The guards became entangled and began throwing punches as players from both teams and referees attempted to separate the two. At one point, HeroBears assistant coach Lin Chieh-ho ran onto the court and charged at Hsiao-jung, according to Taiwannews.com. The coach failed to connect with Hsiao-jung, who swung back before referees intervened. In video footage of the brawl, Howard can be seen watching the brawl from the sidelines and appeared to play peacemaker during the melee. The eight-time NBA All-Star was seen with his arms outstretched while talking with someone prior to his ejection. The scuffle spilled throughout the court, with players and personnel from both teams stepping in to deescalate the situation. The game was reportedly delayed for over 20 minutes as referees reviewed replay footage and assessed penalties. Ultimately, 12 players were tossed, five HeroBears and seven Leopards. After the game, Howard reportedly complained that he was wrongfully ejected, and said that he was trying to stop the altercation. He was seen high-fiving fans as he and some of his fellow teammates exited the court. Howard recorded 28 points, 14 rebounds and seven assists before he was ejected. The Leopards eventually defeated the HeroBears 120-108. On Monday, Howard shared his excitement to participate in his first-ever 3-point contest in Taiwan. The 37-year-old will also participate in the T1 League’s first All-Star Game this year. Howard signed with the Leopards in November, following 18 NBA seasons. He last played for the Lakers in the 2021-22 season, and won a championship alongside LeBron James in the 2020 NBA bubble season. The T1 League was founded in 2021.