Firebrand Rep. Marjorie Taylor Greene claims she was “attacked” Monday night by an “insane” woman and yelled at by her son inside a restaurant. Greene (R-Ga.) shared the experience in a tweet in which she said the motive of the pair was political. “I was attacked in a restaurant tonight by an insane women and screamed at by her adult son,” Greene said. “They had no respect for the restaurant or the staff or the other people dining or people like me who simply have different political views. They are self-righteous, insane, and completely out of control,” she added. According to Greene, she was at a table working with members of her staff and didn’t notice the alleged attacker and shouter until “they turned into demons.” “I was sitting at my table, working with my staff, and never even noticed these people until they turned into demons,” she said. “People used to respect others even if they had different views. But not anymore. Our country is gone,” Greene observed. The controversial lawmaker drew the ire of Democrats and some Republicans after tweeting on Presidents’ Day that the country needs a “national divorce” between liberal and conservative states. “We need to separate by red states and blue states and shrink the federal government. Everyone I talk to says this,” argued Greene, who was re-elected to the House last November. “From the sick and disgusting woke culture issues shoved down our throats to the Democrat’s [sic] traitorous America Last policies, we are done,” she wrote in her tweet last week. Greene has been the subject of threats and attempts at intimidation in the past. Earlier this month, federal prosecutors announced that a New York man pleaded guilty to making threatening phone calls to Greene’s House office in Washington. Joseph F. Morelli, 51, of Endicott, admitted to leaving a series of disturbing voicemail messages in March last year directed at Greene. In one of the menacing messages, Morelli said, “I’m gonna have to take your life into my own hands … I’m gonna hurt you. Physically, I’m gonna harm you.” The Post did not immediately receive a response from Greene’s office when asked about Monday’s alleged incident.