The New York Rangers made a splash in the trade market on Thursday by acquiring Vladimir Tarasenko and Niko Mikkola from the St. Louis Blues for Sammy Blais and two draft picks. Tarasenko is expected to slot in on a line with Artemi Panarin and Mika Zibanejad, giving the Rangers a top nine that now features those three, Chris Kreider, Filip Chytil, Vincent Trocheck, Kaapo Kakko, and Alexis Lafreniere. The other big piece of news on Thursday in the NHL was that Jack Hughes would be out “week-to-week” for the New Jersey Devils. The Rangers are six points back of the Devils for second place in the Metropolitan Division. Can they make a move now? (7 p.m. ET., NHL Network) A lot has gone right for the Rangers this season — their top five defensemen have missed a combined two games, and their only key forward to miss more than three contests is Filip Chytil, who sat out eight — but they have taken advantage of the breaks to solidify their spot in the playoffs. The Rangers are 18-4-3 with a +30 goal difference in their last 25 games, giving them the third-best record in the NHL in that span. And the Blueshirts are getting wins in the same fashion they did last season, when they didn’t drive play at an elite rate at 5-on-5 but relied on their elite players to be the difference in close contests. There’s clearly nothing wrong with that process, as it’s worked for two seasons for this group. Still, it is worth keeping an eye on the fact that during this 18-4-3 rip, the Rangers rank 25th overall in expected goals rate and high-danger scoring chance percentage at 5-on-5. Creating scoring chances at even strength seems to be what holds those numbers back, as the Blueshirts sit 28th in the NHL in expected goals created and 27th in high-danger chances created during their last 25 tilts. The Kraken enjoyed a bit of an offensive renaissance this season after a dreadful expansion campaign, but a lot of that success was built on a league-leading shooting percentage. Like the Rangers, the Kraken struggle to consistently generate scoring chances at 5-on-5 and rank 20th in expected goals for and 26th in high-danger opportunities created in their last 25 games. Seattle’s goaltending is an issue, and there’s a decent chance Jaroslav Halak starts with the Rangers on a back-to-back, but with both of these teams generally opting to play solid defensive games, the under looks to be in play at MSG on Friday night. Under 6 -110 (BetMGM)