The Issue: Questions over the Biden administration’s response to China’s surveillance device. The “weather balloon” is just another in a string of fiascos under President Biden that signal to the world that the White House is run by amateurs (“Pols’ anger ballooning,” Feb. 10). Whether it is this episode, the bugout from Afghanistan, inflation or the border, it’s never their fault. And somehow Donald Trump’s name always comes up in their explanation. This has to be the most incompetent administration our country has ever had. Peter W. Kelly Hazlet, NJ The Post asked some very good questions about the Chinese spy balloon that slowly traversed this country (“Ballooning Questions,” Editorial, Feb. 7). Our truth-disabled pres­ident will answer none of them. Here’s what I think happened: The military detected this balloon before Jan. 28, and our fearless commander-in-chief couldn’t muster up the courage to shoot it down. His hope was that the balloon would pass over our country undetected and nobody would know that it happened. When the balloon was detected, the Biden administration went into defense mode, claiming there were three similar attacks unknown to the president during the Trump years. The Chinese were violating America’s sovereignty, much as they’ve violated Taiwan’s sovereignty for over a year. What they found was there are no consequences for doing so. That guarantees it will happen again. Steve Heitner Middle Island The Pentagon claims it couldn’t ensure the safety of people on the ground if China’s “observation balloon” were downed over land. They therefore suggested instead shooting it out of the sky over US territorial waters. However, the fact that the object’s landing could be pinpointed to fall within 12 nautical miles of shore suggests there was ample opportunity to down it earlier, over unpopulated portions of Montana (or elsewhere). J. E. Frenett Spencerport If America does not wake up to the dire mess we are in because of the bad leadership of Biden and his advisers, then we might as well throw in the towel now. To let a spy ballon float over the United States for almost a week before shooting it down is insane. This weak administration and Pentagon leave us in total danger. Albert Marvel Scotia The Issue: Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez’s claim that the Hunter Biden laptop story was disinformation. It’s comical but not surprising that lefty Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez would criticize the New York Post for exposing Hunter Biden (“Dems can’t handle the truth on laptop,” Editorial, Feb. 9). She has consistently shown her support for censorship and contempt for the First Amendment. It’s too bad for her that the Constitution allows The Post to expose crime, hypocrisy, the failure of leadership, incompetence, etc. The founder of The Post, Alexander Hamilton, believed that the public has a right to read the truth. In spite of what AOC might like, The Post continues that legacy. Joe Zeloof Hamilton, NJ Thank you for your editorial regarding Hunter’s laptop, and for countering AOC’s comments and ridicule with the actual facts. Somehow, our country has forgotten that the facts actually matter, instead of just spewing whatever opinions or other garbage comes to mind. I am one American who has been waiting for the truth of this matter to be told. I believe the story of the laptop discovery is just the tip of the iceberg. Lynne Goudzwaard Casselberry, Fla. Want to weigh in on today’s stories? Send your thoughts (along with your full name and city of residence) to letters@nypost.com. Letters are subject to editing for clarity, length, accuracy and style.