The deranged U-Haul driver who killed one person and injured several more in Brooklyn thought it was “judgment day” when he unleashed his rampage, prosecutors said in court Wednesday. The revelation came as 62-year-old Weng Sor’s attorney questioned whether his client was fit to stand trial, and a Brooklyn judge ordered that the accused killer undergo a psychiatric evaluation during his first court appearance. Meanwhile, police sources provided more details on the suspect’s mental state — including that he was obsessed with Donald Trump and rambled on about the ex-president during barely coherent statements to detectives. “[He’s] absolutely deranged,” one source said of Sor. Brooklyn Assistant District Attorney David Ingle alleged that Sor had been out for blood when he launched into his more than hour-long rampage Monday, running down New Yorkers in Sunset Park and Bay Ridge before finally being stopped in Red Hook. “He stated that he wanted to hit those people that [disturbed] me,” Ingle said as Sor was arraigned in Brooklyn Criminal Court. “‘It’s judgment day,'” Sor told cops after his arrest, according to Ingle. “‘l want it to end by taking out enemies. Shoot me! I will not give in.'” Police officials said Tuesday that Sor “was suffering a mental health crisis” during the mayhem and that he told cops he was set off by “an invisible object” he saw coming at his truck. Sor had rented the U-Haul from West Palm Beach, Florida — and allegedly told police he’d traveled there from his home in Nevada because he wanted to meet Trump, according to sources. He told cops he “sends messages to Trump,” whom he believes to be the second coming of Jesus Christ, the source said. Cops reportedly found a piece of paper on Sor after his arrest that had “Donald Trump” scribbled on it and listed a Florida address — although it was for the local GOP offices, not Trump’s Mar-a-Lago estate, according to the source. Sor stared downward and did not speak during his brief first court appearance on Wednesday. “Your honor, at this point I have serious concerns as to Mr. Sor’s ability to assist in his own defense and therefore, pursuant to [state law], I’m asking the court for a court-ordered evaluation to determine Mr. Sor’s ability, rather fitness, to proceed,” Sor’s lawyer Andrew Friedman told Judge Joshua Glick during the hearing. Friedman also asked that Sor be placed in protective custody and on suicide watch. Glick granted the request and ordered Sor held without bail pending a return court appearance on March 16. Sor faces charges of murder, attempted murder and assault. The horrifying incident began at 10:20 a.m. Monday in Sunset Park, went through Bay Ridge, into Dyker Heights, and back to Bay Ridge before Sor was nabbed near the Brooklyn Battery Tunnel in Red Hook at 11:24 a.m. Nine people, including an NYPD cop, were struck by the U-Haul van — with one, Yijie Ye, a 44-year-old single father of three, later dying from his injuries, according to police. Ye, who migrated from China 18 years ago, was working for a food delivery app when he was struck and killed in the mayhem, according to his family. “I want justice for my brother,” Ye’s sister, Xiufeng Ye, 40, of Ontario, said Wednesday during a community meeting in Chinatown. “I want [Sor] to get what he deserves. New York City used to be a very peaceful city, and I hope the government and law enforcement bring justice for my brother.” During the meeting, the Fuzhou Lang Qi Association, a Chinese support group named for Ye’s hometown, vowed to pledge $5,000 to help the family pay for the funeral. Another victim, identified by his wife’s lawyer as Mohammed Salah Rakch, 36, was placed in a medically induced coma as a result of his injuries. “I am struggling to keep everything going,” Rakch’s wife, Nadjet Tchenar, told The Post Wednesday. “I’m worried about my husband and trying to make sure my children are okay,” she said, referring to the couple’s 3-year-old boy and 7-year-old girl. “The children are always asking for their father,” Tchenar added. “I tell the three-year-old that daddy is a little sick but will be home soon. I told our seven-year-old that daddy had a broken leg but will be fine. It’s hard emotionally and financially for me at this time.” NYPD Chief of Detectives James Essig said Sor, who has a history of mental illness, had eight prior arrests, nearly all in Las Vegas, dating to 2002, including for battery, drunken driving and evading a police officer. Records show he served about 17 months in a Nevada prison on one battery charge, and nearly a year in a county jail on the other. On Feb. 1, Sor rented the U-Haul van in West Palm Beach, Florida, and was still there on Feb. 4, when he withdrew money from an ATM, according to Essig. The next day, he was headed to the Big Apple when he was pulled over by South Carolina troopers and charged with reckless driving and marijuana possession, police said. Essig said Sor showed up at his ex-wife’s Brooklyn home on Feb. 6 to shower, and was there again on Feb. 8, when he got into “an altercation” with his son. Later that day, he was pulled over on the Belt Parkway for speeding and driving a commercial vehicle. On Sunday, the van was spotted in New Jersey around 8:10 p.m., the day before the Brooklyn rampage that led to his arrest, police said. Additional reporting by Georgett Roberts and Kyle Schnitzer