This kid must be driving his parents nuts. A viral prankster has gained millions of views on TikTok after posting a video of his parents’ kitchen thoroughly covered in peanut butter. TikToker Corbin Millet, whose profile consists of multiple videos of him pranking his parents, has gained over 38 million views on his most recent prank. The video’s caption, “Covering my parents kitchen in peanut butter,” shows a before shot of a normal-looking kitchen, only to have it cut to almost every square inch of the said kitchen — aside from the tile walls — coated in a thick layer of light brown, including the light fixtures and all the appliances. The 19-year-old from Pennsylvania told the Post he initially pulled off the sticky prank in August, and got 14 million views on the video before his account was banned. “I needed to start my new account with a bang,” Millet said. It took Millet seven hours and 28 lbs of peanut butter to pull off the prank and took him 3 to 4 hours to clean up the mess by himself since he covered all the crevices in the kitchen with the spreadable substance. The video, which has nearly 5 million likes, amassed some shocked reactions in the comment section. “Part 2 my parents covering my coffin in peanut butter,” one commentator jokingly wrote. “Your gonna have a HUGE ant problem,” another user wrote. “I dont care if theres plastic wrap I would change the locks and get a restraining order over this,” wrote another TikToker. Millet, who claims he pranks his parents almost daily, said his parents were not at all amused with the peanut butter shenanigans. In a follow-up video, Millet is seen talking into the camera, saying his dad was heading downstairs. “Corbin! You sick f–k! We’re going to get ants, you d–k head,” his father angrily screamed as he charged up the stairs at his son before the video cut out. When asked how his mom felt about the prank, Millet told the Post, “[she] was pissed and left.” Part two of TikTok, titled “It was at this moment that he knew,” has gained over 14 million views a growing on the social media platform. When asked if his parents were good sports about being pranked, Millet said he’s “been kicked out a couple times,” but they’ve changed their tune “a little bit” after friends shared how popular the videos have become. Not everyone was a fan of Millet’s prank. Some commentators were upset over the food waste, with one user commenting, “bro wasted so much peanut butter.” The responses Millet has received online have been mixed, with some people “hating” on him for the prank, but the teen understands such criticism comes with the territory. “A lot of people are comparing me to Bam Margera, which is amazing to be compared to someone like that so, I think the people are liking my style of videos or else I wouldn’t get this many views all the time,” he said. 