Tired of your job? Don’t give up grousing about politics. Forget your screen test. Avoid asking your editor-in-chief to run and get you a bagel. CastingFrontier.com is hunting an animated sci-fi male voice-over. To play a Dekkan. What that is who knows. The lead character Vik “is an amphibious alien with electroreceptive senses and ultraviolet vision.” Great. My Rolodex lists at least 12. It needs an usher good with animals. It’s about employees letting a live bear escape in their theater. Why it’s in the theater, this I don’t know. Nobody explains. A Keri Russell-Jesse Tyler Ferguson film “Cocaine Bear” once had a zonked 175-pounder gnaw through a duffel bag of cocaine. This newie has zip to do with that oldie. The call is for “All genders, 18-25.” Go. Before the ruined bruin’s in rehab. Doris Duke. Duke tobacco. Duke University. Once America’s richest lady. Now, from The Beyond, a philanthropist. Lincoln Center. Her legacy honored composers, vocalists, dancers, poets, directors, playwrights — $30 mil for performing arts. Some got $275,000 to $550,000. Applauding was André De Shields, someone called Machine Dazzle, someone called poet Precious Okoyomon. The host, rapper Common. Money for the arts is a good thing even if you haven’t heard of these people. Spike Lee: “Why do all black people sing and dance in movies and shows? Subtext is: ‘Lord, we’re so happy to have a job.’ No longer any excuse to degrade themselves on TV. My people have to wake up. In the old days our people had no choice. Nowadays we don’t have to do that stuff.” Esé Azénabor. Don’t know the name? Tyra Banks, Taraji P. Henson, Michelle Williams, Vivica A. Fox do. Today she opened handcrafted couture and bespoke garments — beading, crystals, stones, pearls, bridal gowns, hand embroidery, boning, imported fabrics, French lace, tulle, crochets. Madison Ave’s second ever fashionista of color. Wife, mother, Nigeria born, Canadian transplant, accounting major, Southern Methodist University master’s degree, she’s haute couture. Besides fashion shows, we just had dog shows. May newcomer owners learn: Ladies should think like husbands. Give him toilet training, let him out once in a while and keep him on a long leash . . . besides, really, what more could anyone want in a warm bed? My Yorkie already has a trainer, groomer, walker, routine, license, vet, a collar, a leash, a diet, a cashmere sweater, a rabies shot, his own shampoo — and he’s just 1-foot long. Presidential aide: “I can’t see or hear well.” NYC doc: “I told you to stop drinking.” Month later the doctor repeats: “I told you to stop drinking.” Aide: “Yeah, but from what I’m seeing and hearing in the White House lately I decided to keep it up.” Only in New York, kids, only in New York.