Much was made about the final moments of Super Bowl 2023 in which James Bradberry was flagged for a controversial defensive holding penalty on JuJu Smith-Schuster that essentially allowed the Chiefs to ice the game in their 38-35 win over the Eagles. However, while the call was highly controversial (especially at the time), NFL Films’ angle of the play appears to clearly show Bradberry tugging on the back of Smith-Schuster’s jersey. And yes, while there have been countless examples of contact like this being ruled incidental and officials allowing players to play on, by the letter of the law it certainly looked like a hold. Football Zebras, a website dedicated to football officiating content, explained why exactly field judge John Jenkins made the right call, saying that the broadcast angle didn’t give the definitive view of the play and led to the initial public confusion. “The big question is did Smith-Schuster lose steps or get pulled off stride when running his route?” the article read. “You can see the receiver get held up just an instant during the jersey tug. Also, you can make the argument that Bradberry’s right arm obstructed Smith-Schuster’s pass route after he turned to run downfield.” Bradberry admitted that he held Smith-Schuster’s jersey after the game, saying he was “hoping [the officials] would let it slide.” He further elaborated on the play Tuesday. “I feel like I only had two options, really: I could take responsibility for it, or I could blame it on someone else,” Bradberry told reporters. “I try not to live that way. … It comes from my mom or coaches in the past I’ve had, taking accountability.” The aftermath of the play led to some drama on social media Tuesday. Smith-Schuster, who has become a bit of a villain in NFL circles, posted a fake Valentine’s Day card with a picture of Bradberry, cheekily saying: “I’ll hold you when it matters most.” Eagles players were predictably not thrilled, and wide receiver A.J. Brown fired back quickly. “First off congratulations. Y’all deserve it. This is lame. You was on the way out the league before Mahomes resurrected your career on your 1 year deal Tik-Tok boy. He admitted that he grabbed you but don’t act like your like that or ever was. But congratulations again!” Brown tweeted.