The Devils are going for it. New Jersey acquired star winger Timo Meier in a trade with the Sharks, the team announced Sunday, five days before the NHL trade deadline. New Jersey will also receive Timur Ibragimov, defensemen Scott Harrington, Santeri Hatakka, goaltender Zachary Emond and a fifth-round pick (originally Colorado’s selection) in the 2024 NHL Draft. In return, the Devils shipped out their first-round pick in the 2023 NHL Draft (conditional), defensemen Shakir Mukhamadullin and Nikita Okhotiuk, forwards Andreas Johnsson and Fabian Zetterlund, a conditional second-round selection in the 2024 NHL Draft and a seventh-round selection in 2024. “Having this new chapter coming my way, it’s definitely very exciting,” Meier told reporters Sunday night. “I’m just very excited to get this started.” The ninth-overall pick in the 2015 NHL Draft, Meier had a $6 million cap charge for this season and he’s set to become an arbitration-eligible restricted free agent after the season. TSN reported there is no contract extension as part of the deal. San Jose will retain 50 percent of Meier’s 2022-23 salary as part of the trade, but Devils general manager Tom Fitzgerald is hopes to get a deal done with Meir long-term. “One thing I am confident in is who we are, what we can sell — our team,” Fitzgerald said. “I do believe New Jersey will sell itself. I think he will love it here. I think he will thoroughly enjoy it and want to stay here. That’s my bet.” Meier has 52 points (31 goals, 21 assists) in 57 games this season for San Jose, where he has played his entire seven-year NHL career. The 26-year-old earned an All-Star nod last season when he had 76 points (35 goals, 41 assists) in 77 games. “We’ve been gearing for this for a long time,” Fitzgerald said, of the Devils rebuild paying off now. “We have a lot of work to do. This is just part of trying to build success.” Harrington, who turns 30 next month, was in his first season with San Jose after stints with the Pittsburgh Penguins (2014-15), Toronto Maple Leafs (2015-16) and Columbus Blue Jackets (2016-22). He has seven points, including one goal, in 28 games this season. Rumors of a Meier trade have been swirling for weeks, with the Sharks (18-30-12) slogging through a miserable campaign in former Rangers coach David Quinn’s first season behind San Jose’s bench. The trade is a huge boost up front for the Devils, who are 39-15-5 with 83 points and are in second place in the Metropolitan Division. They entered Sunday three points behind the division-leading Hurricanes and eight points ahead of the Rangers. “I was just doing what I felt was best for the New Jersey Devils, not reacting because of what the Rangers did or what they may do again or what the Islanders did,” Tom Fitzgerald said. “When you can add a player like Timo Meier to the lineup that you feel is growing and getting stronger each day, it really puts a smile on my face.” Meier has played with Devils center Nico Hischier for the Swiss national team. — with AP