Waking up this morning, fumbling your way towards the shower, starting the coffee machine, and picking a half-way decent outfit for work was tough, for two reasons. One: it’s Monday. And it’s the Monday after the Super Bowl, no less. Anyone with any investment in sports, Rihanna, or high-profile celebrity advertisements was likely up later last night than they regularly are on a Sunday. And two: because you woke up this morning thinking there was no Nordstrom sale to shop. And what good is getting out of bed and dragging yourself to work if there aren’t any super sales from Nordstrom to spend your hard-earned money on? A little bit of good news for you, reader. Unfortunately, it’s still Monday. Not much we can do to change that. But here’s a little pick me up: there is, in fact, a huge sale at Nordstrom to shop this week. Now until Feb. 20 (a week from today), Nordstrom’s Winter Sale is offering up to 60% off women’s, men’s, and kid’s styles, plus huge savings on home products. Scroll through, or click on the links below to navigate to our favorite deals that Nordstrom has to offer in each category. Happy shopping! Take over $100 off this Water Repellent Parka from Sam Edelman, perfect for the upcoming April showers, during Nordstrom’s Winter Sale event. Any chance you have to be this comfortable, and save this much money, is an opportunity we suggest you jump at. Save over $100 on this Belted Hooded Twill Lap Coat from Aves Les Filles today. Levi’s isn’t just for jeans anymore. Save up to a whopping 61% off on this stylish Water Resistant Faux Leather Puffer Jacket, and save it for a rainy day. You can save up to 61% off on this Semisheer V-Neck Dolman Sleeve Sweater from Open Edit this week, and find your next shirt for date night. The 90’s called, and they want their boots back. But they can’t have them, because this deal is too good to pass up. Save over $50 on this pair of Geli Knee High Boots from Katy Perry. Looking for a pair of pants that sit somewhere between formal and casual? Save up to 55% on these Fancy Stretch Five Pocket Pants from Brax, and hit the town, wedding, or the couch. We’re about to enter in a strange temperature zone, where it’s a little unclear whether you should be wearing a parka, sweatshirt, or long sleeve tee outside. Our solution? This Oswald Quilted Vest, now 34% off. Save up to 55% on this pair of handsome American Classics Plain Toe Boots from Cole Haan, and never worry about a rainy day again. How about a hoodie for lounging around the house? Do they even make those anymore? Reader: they do. And this one from Faherty is on sale now, for up to 35% off. Snuggle up in style this February with this Eamont Cotton Blend Crewneck Sweater in black from AllSaints, available for up to 50% off during Nordstrom’s Winter Sale. For the little ballerina in your life, this week Nordstrom is offering this Kids’ Tutu Dress from Tucker + Tate for 45% off, or $20. Another deal that keeps us on our toes. At just eight pounds, this ultra-light, versatile Car Seat and Base from Nuna is perfect for families on the go, and families that like to save 24% off. Take 30% off of this Kids lined Storm Jacket from The North Face, and hit a winter hike, the ski slopes, or just a walk to the park, all for just $55. A little late to your New Year’s Resolution to cook more? Not to worry. Start now with this Ceramic Dutch Oven from Emile Henry, now 45% off from Nordstrom. Tough day at the office? Take $10 (or 40%) off this set of three shower tablets, and experience spa-level aromatherapy from the comfort of your own shower, for less. This handsome, tabletop Ode Brew Grinder from Fellow is the perfect gift for coffee lovers to buy for themselves this February. Plus, it’s at the perfect price. Wake up and smell the savings! Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.