A little slice of Marrakesh has hit the market in Los Angeles. Fashion designer Sue Wong is selling her extensively customized Los Feliz home — a former McMansion that she personally transformed into an homage to the Kingdom of Morocco. Wong — who is known for creating couture worn by the likes of Taylor Swift and Anne Hathaway — purchased the “huge, bland” and “decidedly boring” Los Angeles property for $4.2 million in 2021. She subsequently invested $3 million into turning the 10,300-square-foot residence into a stunning Moroccan retreat. She even visited the North African nation last summer to “comb for precious treasures in scorching 115° temperature,” as the listing recalls. Wong then downloaded her ideas to a graphic artist, created some 200 purchase orders for her furniture and architectural element concepts, and sent them to more than 36 Moroccan artisans in three cities. The house is now furnished with the results, making it a “handcrafted custom house,” with everything from the ceilings to the doorways handmade (and included in the sale). There are hand-painted ceilings and bespoke chandeliers in the living room, hand-embroidered fabrics galore, 20-foot tiled walls outside and an abundance of bronze doors. In terms of the specs, there are 15 rooms in all, including six bedrooms — all with ensuite baths — various spaces for entertaining and a total of seven bathrooms, all of the sinks and counters in them imported from Morocco. In addition to its own bath, the owner’s suite also contains a lounge and a dressing room, all with gold and crimson trim. Ceilings measure from 10 to 20 feet high throughout. “We have a media room that masquerades as a library, we have a grand dining room that overlooks the pool terrace, a true grand living room, an entertaining lounge with a central bar that is the size of the living room, like a nightclub,” Douglas Elliman agent Ernie Carswell, who holds the listing with Kendra Wilkinson and Spencer Daley, told The Post, adding there’s also “breakout rooms like you find in Moroccan hotels — they’re kind of alcoves, with arches.” The home is set behind a “gleaming golden gate” and a fountain-equipped arrival courtyard — typical features in private Moroccan residences. The house is built around an inner courtyard containing a black obsidian pool, a bar, a covered terrace, an arbor and a grilling area. It has two entry points, one in the front and one via a private gated street in the rear, where there is a three-car garage. In addition to her Moroccan sanctuary, Wong also owns three other homes in Los Angeles.