If you like it then you should put a Ring on it. A doorbell camera proved it was for more than just home security after documenting every major milestone of a Georgia couple’s relationship, from their first date to marriage. Footage of the romantic montage is currently eliciting major awwwws on social media. “These were major life events that were incredibly special to us,” said Megan Herring, 24, of the digital scrapbooking session. The resulting video features her husband-to-be, Alex, stealing … her heart. She first met Alex, 28, at a church hangout organized through their young adult Bible study group in 2018, as detailed in the pair’s wedding party page on the TheKnot.com. A few months later, the two budding lovebirds went on a mission trip to Boston, whereupon feelings of attraction started to form. However, it wasn’t until a year later that Alex finally asked her out on a date. “They both had a friend who was having a gender reveal party,” their wedding bio described. “It was pretty far, so Alex offered to drive Megan. After the party, Alex parked the car at his apartment and confessed his liking toward Megan. “He asked her on a date, and she said ‘Yes.’ “ Fast forward to today, and the two are happily married with a golden retriever named Cooper. And while many couples’ relationship firsts go woefully undocumented, the Herrings were able to chronicle their romantic landmarks on their Ring doorbell camera. This home security camera device records everyone who comes to the door and even allows homeowners to answer their doorbell while they’re away via an app to deter potential intruders. As a result, the pair was able to capture more candid relationship moments seldom seen on social media — think the love montage from the Pixar film “Up” sans the tragic death. In the heartwarming compilation, set to “Summer Is for Falling in Love” by Sarah Kang and EyeLoveBrandon, the two paramours can be seen hugging after their first date at the Epicurean Cafe in Duluth, Georgia. It then cuts to Alex carrying Megan through the door in her wedding gown after tying the knot. The touching clip concludes with the the Herrings bringing their new golden retriever puppy, named Cooper, into their abode, and Megan watching the pup as explores his new home. Needless to say, Megan said she “got emotional” after rewatching the footage, describing: “I truly treasure Ring was able to catch this on video and that I can watch and relive these days.” “Our life together has been so full of recent ‘firsts’ – first date, first night married, first time bringing home our puppy,” the Georgia gal told Jam Press. “And Ring captured each special memory for us to look back on and cherish.” Romantic landmarks aren’t the only unusual moments caught on a Ring doorbell cam. In December, one of the security devices recorded National Geographic-worthy footage of a bull moose shedding its antlers in front of a house in Alaska.