They say the Hamptons is an expensive place — but who would have thought the area’s high prices would extend to mobile homes? An off-market listing for an 800-square-foot oceanfront Montauk trailer is in contract to sell for a record $3.75 million, which equates to a cool $5,000 per-square-foot, The Post has learned. Located in Montauk Shores, the price point is several times the previous record in the area, where the last highest recorded sale was $1.85 million for a trailer that traded hands in 2022. It’s a high price to pay for sure. When compared to New York City’s luxury market, roughly the same price per square foot — $4,998 — is getting a deep-pocketed buyer a 3,951-square-foot penthouse at the Robert A.M. Stern-designed 30 Park Place in Tribeca that’s now also in contract, according to StreetEasy. However, that Hamptons trailer’s price per square foot pales in comparison to that of a nearly 17,550-square-foot penthouse that listed at Central Park Tower in late 2022 for a colossal $250 million — $14,249 per square foot — which would set the record for the priciest home ever sold in the US if it trades hands for that royal sum. Will Gold with The Atlantic Team at Douglas Elliman represented the unidentified buyer. “The Ditch Plains area in general is very special. It is an oasis for surfers and beachgoers, and in the past several years has been subject to an extraordinary amount of growth and transformation,” Gold told The Post. Custom-built by John Hummel, the two-bedroom, two-bathroom mobile home boasts high-end finishes with a modern beach vibe. Features include 180-degree views of the ocean from the living room and back deck, a gas fireplace, a private deck, a grill and an outdoor shower. The primary suite has its own bathroom. “Especially since COVID, individuals and families have realized the value of oceanfront communities and are paying up for it,” Gold added. “This beachfront row of units in ‘Montauk Shores’ is the perfect exclusive opportunity to enjoy everything Ditch Plains has to offer.” The sale is set to close next month. For its part, the community has swimming pools, a recreational center, a playground and a basketball court. The area has famously lured in big-name, and deep-pocketed, people such as Jimmy Buffet, who once got into a bidding war over a beachfront mobile home. That said, this trailer park community has become an unusual status symbol for the ultra-wealthy. Vitaminwater co-founder Darius Bikoff, hedge-fund manager Dan Loeb and film producer Karen Lauder have all invested in a trailer in the community. “I know quite a few billionaires here,” Fred Stelle, resident and architect in Montauk previously told The Post. “The most appealing aspect is the park’s quality of life. It’s a classic throwback to a summer community — relaxed and low-key in a funky way, like what Southern California must have been like in the 1950s, and it’s safe for kids.” In the past year alone, and apart from the previous record sale, at least 10 mobile homes there have sold between $675,000 and $1.4 million. And trailers closer to the beach are even more expensive.