After years of debate, another woman has insisted that her social media apps are secretly spying on her. “I know my phone is listening to me,” Tania claimed in a TikTok video. “Tegan and I were talking about how our current and exes were obsessed with our feet,” she explained. “Right after my sister and I met for pedicures and talked about how many men have a foot fetish,” she wrote over a photo of an ad for a pair of silicone life-size female feet sold on Amazon. The Post reached out to a spokesperson for Facebook’s Policy and Communications Manager and CEO but did not receive a response regarding these claims. Social media users have debated for years whether Facebook and Instagram are listening in on their conversations. Yet, these claims have never been proven beyond hearsay and anecdotes like Tania’s. TikTok user Morten Rand Hendriksen shared his trick to prove the social media app isn’t secretly listening to its users. He told his viewers to grab a friend or family member and make an agreement to only talk about a specific product or service any time you’re together. Keep your phones close enough to you that, if Facebook was listening through the microphones, they’d be able to pick up your conversation. During the test period, you must also avoid interacting with any website or social media posts related to the subject you’ve chosen. “That means no liking on Twitter or Instagram or Facebook or TikTok or anywhere else that mentions anything to do with this product,” Morten said. He added: “What you’ll discover is, as long as you’re just talking about it, the product doesn’t show up in ads.” Experts say that, while Facebook collects massive amounts of data from its users, it’s extremely unlikely that the company secretly records hundreds of millions of people — mostly because they don’t need to. It knows enough about its users from browsing data and profile information to target people with ads that are so specific that people are insistent that the app must be spying on them. Facebook’s parent company Meta has repeatedly denied these claims, reiterating that it bases the ads you see on your interests and information from your profile. In a previous statement, a spokesperson said: “Facebook does not use your phone’s microphone to inform ads or to change what you see in News Feed.” “Some recent articles have suggested that we must be listening to people’s conversations in order to show them relevant ads. This is not true.” “We show ads based on people’s interests and other profile information — not what you’re talking out loud about.” They insisted that the sites only access a user’s microphone if the app has been granted permission and the user is actively using a specific feature that requires audio.