He’s off to a fined start. Freshman Democratic Rep. Dan Goldman’s two luxury vehicles have amassed at least 84 traffic and parking violations in the last six years. The congressman and multi-millionaire has been fined $6,515 for violations by his 2019 Lincoln Navigator Reserve and a 2014 Range Rover, both registered to him at his $27 million, six-bedroom condo in Tribeca, according to city Finance Department records. He lives there with his wife and five children. The orange avalanche of summonses flies in the face of the 46-year-old lawmaker’s purported commitment to safer streets. “Ensuring that our streets are safe begins with our city fleet,” he said in January, touting a pilot program to reduce speeding and other violations by city-owned vehicles by outfitting them with active, intelligent speed-assistance technology. “I look forward … at the federal level to keep New Yorkers safe on the road.” His enormous, gas-guzzling SUVs also raise questions about Goldman’s rhetoric as a Green New Deal champion. “I am proud to join the House Sustainable Energy and Environment Coalition in the fight for environmental justice and a comprehensive and equitable green energy transition,” he said just this week. The road citations run the gamut from run-of-the mill infractions like double parking and expired registration tickets, to more dangerous violations like parking at fire hydrants and speeding in school zones. His most recent ticket, an illegal park job on the Upper East Side, was issued on Jan. 12, 2023. Records in Nassau County show an additional trio of violations, which included two violations for running a red light and one for blocking a driveway. Goldman plead guilty to all three. Most of the tickets are paid, but Goldman — a blue jeans heir with an estimated net worth of up to $253 million — still owes the city at least one unpaid ticket from last year totaling $125. He also has another outstanding violation in the Long Island village of Atlantic Beach from July 2022. The original $50 bust for an expired inspection ticket since ballooned with late fees to $200, the village clerk confirmed. “As a baseline we expect everybody to obey traffic laws especially when it comes to speeding and dangerous driving activity, and I think it’s even more imperative that people who are elected to represent us uphold the law and set a positive example for other people by adhering to speed limits and traffic regulations,” said Eric McClure, executive director of StreetsPAC, a political action committee focused on safe streets and sidewalks. After a brutal redistricting, Goldman triumphed in a crowded race for the city’s 10th district covering Lower Manhattan and Park Slope — but only after pouring in millions of his own money. He is now one of the wealthiest members of Congress. “If you have deep pockets, clearly the fines are not high enough to deter you from illegal behavior,” McClure added. Goldman has already made a name for himself on the House Oversight Committee, where he falsely declared this week that The Post’s reporting on Hunter Biden was inaccurate. He has in the past spread misinformation about The Post’s Hunter Biden reporting — including the now thoroughly debunked claim that its release was part of a Russian “disinformation campaign.” Rep. Goldman declined to comment.  