This Busta Rhymes fan regrets the urge to “Make It Clap” on the rapper’s rear end. Nikita Mathis, the fan who slapped Busta Rhymes’ butt on Monday, apologized for putting her hands on the rapper — who reacted by throwing a drink in her face. “I didn’t mean to touch his behind honestly I was just happy to meet him and wanted a pic been a long-time fan,” Mathis said in a statement to the Shade Room. “I admit I shouldn’t have touch [sic] him at all but he’s BUSTA. I felt like I could possibly get a pic …” In the 11-second clip, Mathis is seen walking behind the Brooklyn rapper’s entourage and suddenly lunges toward him, copping a feel of his backside while striking a smile. The 50-year-old angrily reacts to the butt slap, throwing a drink at Mathis and splashing others around him. “She tried to plead with him,” the person who filmed the incident told Newsflare, “and it made him more upset he finally turned around and walked off.” The vocalist was performing and speaking to entrepreneurs at the Las Vegas Magic Apparel Trade Show before the incident happened. Representatives for Busta Rhymes did not respond to The Post’s requests for comment. Many fans stormed to Twitter, sharing their reaction to the touchy incident. “What would the woman do if @BustaRhymes touched her inappropriately? How far would that lawsuit go?” tweeted one fan. “He didn’t have to throw a drink on her. She is just a fan that went too far,” rebutted another. “Busta was not feeling that … had to throw the drink on her … I don’t blame him,” commented a Busta Rhymes fan. This is not the first time the rapper has reacted to a frisky fan after they invaded his personal space. In 2022, the “Touch It” rapper went viral for a video of him slapping a female concertgoer’s hand away from his body during a performance. If the slap wasn’t enough, he warned the handsy fan’s boyfriend, “See, I’m a grown man. I’ll f–k your girl, bro. I don’t want to f–k your girl,” he said on stage. “Tame your girl.” Rhymes, whose real name is Trevor George Smith Jr., responded to his defensive reaction last year, claiming we live in a “weird time.” “She touched me and s–t, y’all got them little funny ass camera phones [filming], and I don’t agree with that. She might do some police s–t. I’m not with it.”