New York, New York. We got the Statue of Liberty, Empire State Building, World Trade Center, St. Pat’s, Saks’ windows, Met Museum, Hudson River, Diamond Center, Bronx Zoo, Chinatown, Fifth Avenue, Rock Center — uptown, downtown, crosstown, best bagels, best cheesecake, best steaks, best NY Post newspaper. And best of our best? Central Park. In it the most magical place anywhere — Central Park’s Loeb Boathouse. Rumors are the place changed hands. No rumor. Born in the ’50s, directly on the water, this boathouse began serving your shrimp cocktail or martini cocktail right inside the middle of this No. 1 busiest city in the world. It was dine or wine right on the water’s edge. Birds, trees, ripples, rowboats moving in front of you. 1989 Meg Ryan and Billy Crystal’s “Harry Met Sally” filmed there. 1962 Sinatra and Angela Lansbury filmed “The Manchurian” there. People date there. Marry there. Get engaged there. It stopped operating in 2022. After a competitive bid process, the Parks Department will now announce Legends Hospitality is the new operator of the Boathouse. Legends is a combination of this world’s most important sports and entertainment venues. Legends has its own legend. It’s a togetherness of top sport, stadium and entertainment investments. We’re talking New York Yankees, Dallas Cowboys, Live Nation. And how about a mixed cocktail of such other wonders as the Circle Line, the Intrepid. Instrumental in rejuicing the Boathouse were Mayor Eric Adams and Parks Commissioner Sue Donoghue. Things started when Hotel Workers Union President Rich Maroko spoke to Yankee President Randy Levine about rescuing the Boathouse. Its The Legends who saved this legend. Whispers are that Legends will now invest legendary capital. They’ll juice up the Boathouse. They’ll restore this treasure to its historic glory. They’ll save its approximately 100 union jobs. Legends is great. Me, I had my birthday party at the top of their One World Observatory and — hey, those hotdogs work at Yankee Stadium. The NY Times, of which you may have heard, had this B’way merger on its Art Section’s front page Wednesday. I hate to bring this up, but I broke the story more than a month ago. Big guys who make music can also make money. Now big guys who make money can also maybe make music. “Deep Donkey” is a gaggle of seven guys. ’70s songs. They’ve oompah’d in the Hamptons. Now Manhattan. One night. The Triad. Tuesday. Daytime they manage portfolios. Nighttime they sing. Go. Listen. Your $20 tickets might be a good investment. God made the universe. And then He rested. He then made man. And then He rested. Then He made politicians. And nobody’s rested ever since. Thought a lot maybe only in New York, kids, only in New York.