Now that’s friendship goals. Martha Stewart gets a tattoo portrait of Snoop Dogg, 51, in a new Super Bowl commercial for Skechers. In the 30-second clip released Wednesday, ahead of Sunday’s big game, the 81-year-old lifestyle mogul explains that she can easily slip on the brand’s new Hands Free Slip-ins sneakers to get new ink and stick the landing of a complicated gymnastics routine. “Sitting? Doesn’t matter,” Stewart said about putting on the shoes from the tattoo chair. “I don’t even have to touch them.” Meanwhile, real-life tattoo artist Scott Campbell works to complete Snoop’s mug above the words “My Dogg” on Stewart’s upper left arm. Glimpsing the finished product, the unfiltered selfie queen coos, “Ooh, that’s gangster.” “My Dogg! Thanks for the amazing tattoo @scottcampbell. Forever linked in ink to my favorite @snoopdogg,” Stewart captioned a still from the ad on Instagram. “I got to tattoo a legend onto a legend. Thanks @marthastewart48 and @snoopdogg. I can retire now,” Campbell captioned his post. The Post has contacted reps for Stewart, Campbell and Skechers to find out if the tattoo is real. Regardless, the Instagram posts drew praise from fans and fellow celebs alike. “Just when I thought I couldn’t love you more,” “Grey’s Anatomy” alum Ellen Pompeo penned on Stewart’s post. “Is this real? Bc if so I’m here for it,” one fan supported the gesture. “I don’t even care if this is fake, I am LIVING for it!” another exclaimed. “This is the best photograph in the history of photography,” another person gushed over Campbell’s post. Snoop also headlines his own Skechers Super Bowl commercial, which features him going about his whirlwind day to the tune of his megahit “Who am I? (What’s my name?).” Stewart also appears in this spot, which includes cameos from Howie Long and Tony Romo. Stewart and Snoop’s unlikely friendship formed in November 2008 when the rapper appeared on “The Martha Stewart Show” and they made mashed potatoes together. The duo would go on to be business partners with their own show on VH1 and a  Halloween special on Peacock. “I’ve never met anyone like Martha Stewart,” Snoop told Rolling Stone in 2016. “When we come together, it’s a natural combination of love, peace and harmony.” Super Bowl LVII kicks off Feb. 12 at 6:30 p.m. EST from Glendale, Arizona. Nine-time Grammy winner Rihanna will perform at halftime.