Actor Jansen Panettiere died of an enlarged heart last week at the age of 28, his family announced Monday. The younger brother of “Scream” actress Hayden Panettiere died Feb. 19 at his home in Nyack, NY. “Jansen’s heart could be seen in his eyes, and his charm in his brilliant, engaging smile; his soul in his masterful and revealing paintings, and the joy of life in his dry wit,” said his family in a statement to ABC News. “His charisma, warmth, compassion for others, and his creative spirit will live forever in our hearts and in the hearts of all whom he encountered.” The family added, “Though it offers little solace, the Medical Examiner reported Jansen’s sudden passing was due to cardiomegaly (enlarged heart), coupled with aortic valve complications.” Panettiere was found by a friend unresponsive and sitting upright in a chair, according to the police report obtained by The Post from the Orangetown Police Department. The friend called 911 and performed CPR on him. The actor’s pals became concerned after Panettiere missed a business meeting earlier in the day, according to the report. When EMTs arrived around 5 p.m., they found Panettiere lying on his back on the floor of his living room, not breathing and “cold to the touch,” according to the report. He was pronounced dead shortly thereafter. His father, Alan Panettiere, told police he had spoken with his son the prior evening, and he “sounded okay.” The medical examiner declined The Post’s request for confirmation of the family’s announcement. However, police confirmed there were “no obvious signs of trauma observed.” Panettiere was an actor in his own right who boasted a lengthy Hollywood resume. He voiced many 2000s hits, like “Ice Age: The Meltdown,” “Blue’s Clues,” and “Robots.” He also appeared on one episode of “The Walking Dead” in 2019. Jansen and his older sister, Hayden, 33, worked alongside each other on the Disney Channel original movie “Tiger Cruise” in 2004 and the family comedy “Racing Stripes” in 2005. He was also the voice of Truman X in Nickelodeon’s “The X’s,” an animated television series that aired from 2005 to 2006. On his Instagram page, which is still public, Panettiere often shared photos of his artwork, which featured colorful, abstract prints. He also painted other items, such as shoes and jackets. In an Instagram post from Jan. 24, he showed a picture of his older sister trying to give him a haircut with a slight smile on his face. “Not the first haircut she’s tried to give me,” he wrote in the caption. Hayden has faced her own struggles. Her ex, Wladimir Klitschko, obtained full custody of their daughter, Kaya, now 8. Panettiere said she made the decision to relinquish custody as she struggled with an alcohol and drug addiction. “It was the hardest thing I could do,” Hayden told People last year. “But the best thing for my daughter was to make sure she was okay, take care of myself and make sure I could be a good mom to her. And sometimes that means letting go.” She told the outlet she was offered “happy pills” before walking red carpets when she was just 15 years old, and throughout her career, she continued to drink heavily and occasionally take opioids. She checked into rehab for eight months after giving birth to Kaya. Panettiere revealed she also sought treatment for postpartum depression. In 2018, the “Nashville” star started dating Brian Hickerson, who was sentenced to 45 days in jail in 2021 for two felony counts of domestic violence. The pair got into a public brawl at the Sunset Marquis in LA in March 2022. Months later, Hickerson confirmed they had split — but they were spotted traveling together in November.