Soft-on-crime Manhattan District Attorney Alvin Bragg is under fire once again — this time for his apparent kid-gloves treatment of a violent attack on a nurse at a Harlem hospital, The Post has learned. The vicious assault was among a spate of attacks on healthcare workers at the same Mount Sinai hospital in a matter of days, according to sources and police records. Valentino Tablang, 55, a registered nurse at Mount Sinai Morningside, was so violently slugged by a deranged patient on Feb. 7 that he told The Post he feared he might be blinded. Yet Bragg’s office filed only slap-on-the-wrist misdemeanor charges in the case — despite a state law that prescribes felony raps in on-the-job attacks on healthcare workers. “The attack was bad enough, but then I became more upset when I saw that the district attorney only charged her with an assault in the third degree, a misdemeanor,” Tablang told The Post this week. “That is crazy,” he added. “I’m very disappointed.” Tablang, a nurse since 1988, was working a 9-6 shift in the emergency room when, during his last hour, an unhinged female patient got out of bed without clothing on, he recalled. “I went to the room to see which patient it was so I could call her doctor,” he said. “When I tried to look at her ID bracelet, she swung and hit [me] in the head. “I was in shock,” Tablang added. “It was so sudden — I started seeing lights.” The healthcare worker was left bloodied and said he was hit so hard in the eye, “I was afraid I would go blind, get double-vision.” Police arrested Nikcia Martin, 28, and charged her with felony assault over the violent incident — but when the DA’s Office sent Tablang the criminal complaint to sign, the charges had been reduced. Under New York State Penal Law, a suspect is guilty of felony assault if they attack a cop, peace officer, registered nurse, licensed practical nurse or a “public health sanitarian.” The law was expanded in 2016 to include other healthcare workers — with the state Senate approving the amendment by an overwhelming 60-3 vote. But the crazed patient who allegedly attacked Tablang was only charged with misdemeanor counts of assault and attempted assault, and harassment, a violation, according to the criminal complaint. “When the district attorney sent me a copy of the complaint I said I wouldn’t sign it because she should have been charged with a felony,” Tablang said. “What good is the law if it doesn’t have any teeth?” the veteran nurse added. “We are trying to help people and the law was written to protect us. The district attorney should be protecting health care workers.” Prosecutors told him they were too backed up to bring a felony case, Tablang said. He said the district attorney’s office reached out to him on Thursday “just to follow up” on the case — several hours after The Post asked prosecutors for a comment on the case. “I believe we spoke a couple of weeks ago [regarding] client documents that I sent you over for you to review and sign regarding the assault incident that you were a victim of,” the message said. “I just re sent me [sic] those documents. “Please give us a call back if you have any concerns or issues.” Peggy Desiderio, co-president of the bargaining unit at the New York State Nurses Association, called out Bragg’s office, saying, “he was elected to do a job [and] enforce the law. “Nurses are a powerful voting block. He better start protecting us,” Desiderio said Thursday. “During COVID, everybody was banging pots and pans for us, now healthcare workers have to worry about getting hit with pots and pans while DA Bragg does nothing.” Police records show there were two other attacks on Mount Sinai Morningside healthcare workers this month, including on a 61-year-old employee who was slugged in the face by a patient he was escorting out of the medical facility on Feb. 4. In that case, cops only charged the suspect with misdemeanor assault. On Feb. 9, a rookie nurse was injured when a patient slammed a door on her arm — but the victim did not pursue criminal charges against her assailant, according to sources and the NYPD. In another incident in October, sources said a technician was assaulted but informed there was no crime because cops responding to the hospital told him there was no visible bruising. It is unclear what the assault was or if charges were filed in that case. A spokesperson for Bragg’s office said in an email Thursday that the DA’s office has “used this felony statute on multiple occasions” in the past year alone “in incidents where hospital workers were attacked,” citing four specific cases. “The safety of nurses and healthcare workers, who save the lives of New Yorkers every day, is of the utmost importance to us,” the spokesperson said. “Our initial charging decision and the full order of protection [in the case against Martin] take into account the individual’s underlying mental health needs that brought her to the hospital while balancing the seriousness of her conduct and the safety of hospital staff.” At least one state lawmaker said the DA’s Office should know better. “Of all our government officials, the district attorney above all should enforce the law,” state Sen. Andrew Lanza, a former Manhattan prosecutor from Staten Island said Thursday. “We need to protect healthcare workers providing direct care to those in need,” Lanza said. “Not enforcing this law, when applicable, dangerously ignores that important principle.” Desiderio, of the state Nurses Association, added that: “These nurses are literally putting their lives on the line … they don’t need to look over their shoulder while they are working and fear for their life. “They need to be protected,” she said. “That is why the law was changed and the district attorney was elected to enforce the law and protect victims.” Additional reporting by Craig McCarthy, Zach Williams and Elizabeth Rosner