This item was not on the menu. A Tiktoker has gone viral after posting a video revealing that her boyfriend unearthed a rubber glove in his fried mac and cheese balls. The Tiktok — which was posted Friday by a user going by Brittany — has served up nearly 235,000 views. “Thinking about that one time we went to the cheesecake factory and my boyfriend got the mac & cheese bites or fried mac and cheese or [whatever] and took a bite of one of them and immediately started gagging,” reads the on-screen text. “and slowly pulled an entire plastic rubber glove out of his mouth that was fried into his mac and cheese bite.” “They didn’t even comp us our meal,” slammed the Tiktok user. This is not the first time The Cheesecake factory has served something else on the side. In July 2020, a California couple claimed the restaurant served a latex glove in her husband’s fettuccine alfredo. “We began to eat our food, and my husband was eating his fettuccine alfredo, and he took a bite and he thought it was hard chicken or some overcooked cheese and come to find out, it was a latex glove that had been melted into the food,” said the customer to FOX 11. The restaurant issued a statement on the latex incident. “We take food safety and sanitation very seriously and are committed to providing a safe dining experience to all of our guests whether they dine-in or order take-out and delivery.  We are very concerned to hear of this complaint and are reviewing our food safety procedures with the restaurant team,” read the statement. “We are also reaching out to the guest to express our sincere concern and to apologize for this failure in service.” Another Tiktoker claimed that they once found black mold in their food. The Post reached out to the Cheesecake factory for comment. Several of Brittany’s followers cooked up their own opinions. “I work at a cheesecake factory and this checks out,” said one user who claimed to work at the chain. “Cheesecake Factory served me glass in a drink (THAT I DRANK) and they still charged me for it,” said another. “One time they served my entire family their dinner then ten min later while we waited for my bf’s they said they were out of what he ordered,” said another user. “One time they drizzled peanut sauce on my meal (not what I ordered) and I nearly went into anaphylactic shock,” chimed in a fourth person.