New York Post readers in and outside of the Buckeye state can score big with a massive offer for new customers with FanDuel Sportsbook. Claim your $3,000 No Sweat First Bet with the FanDuel Promo Code ahead of Thursday’s marquee matchup. Let’s learn how to claim these offers and see if the Lakers can bounce back after LeBron’s big night. The FanDuel promo code allows users bet up to $3,000 with no sweat and no code required when they sign up. All you have to do is register with FanDuel Sportsbook, make your first deposit of at least $10, and place your bet. Although, don’t worry because if it loses you’ll get it all back in bonus bets. LeBron’s pursuit of the all-time scoring record is officially over, as he claimed the top spot in Tuesday’s game against the Thunder. However, it will now be up to James to add to that record against the Milwaukee Bucks. For all the talk about LeBron’s scoring, he and the Lakers will be up against Giannis Antetokumpo, who’s outscoring James and is currently third in the NBA in points per game. Although the Bucks are a complete team, they are 6th in average scoring margin and the NBA’s best defensive team in terms of opponent effective field goal percentage. It will be tough for LeBron and the Lakers to get up for this matchup after all the emotions of Tuesday, so back the Bucks to roll on the road. You can get them at -3.5 on FanDuel Sportsbook. If you were to use this bet to capitalize on FanDuel’s promo offer, the process is simple. Make a deposit of at least $10 after opening your account. Then place a bet of up to $3,000 on any market of your choosing. If it loses, you will get it back in bonus bets. However, if it wins, you would keep the profits. The Bettor Sports Network features original programming from celebrity personalities like Bill Simmons, famous for his picks on The Ringer Network Podcasts, and Kay Adams, a former host of Good Morning Football on the NFL Network, who displayed her vast knowledge of the NFL and fantasy football. Although, it is much more than that, as they are the new home of international basketball. FanDuel TV will broadcast more than 3,000 hours of professional leagues from around the globe. So you can sweat your bets on the same app that you place them on. 21+. New customers only. NY, AZ, CO, CT, IA, IL, IN, MI, NJ, PA, TN, VA, WV only. T&C apply 21+ and present in OH. Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER