“You’re going to die one day.” That’s the startling first insight Mark Manson offers viewers in the documentary adaptation of his 2016 book “The Subtle Art of Not Giving A F*ck.” “I know that’s kind of obvious,” Manson continues. “But I just wanted to remind you in case you’ve forgotten. You and everyone you know are going to be dead soon. And if you go around giving a f–k about everything and everyone… then you’re gonna get f–ked.” In the Universal Studios produced documentary adaptation of Manson’s #1 New York Times bestseller — called “The Subtle Art of Not Giving a #@%!” — the author imparts the “f–k you spiritual advice” that got him through life’s troubles — from being busted with drugs at age 13, to his numerous breakups, and even the death of a close friend. “In the film, things are quite a bit more intimate and personal,” Manson told the Post. “The stories are fleshed out with actors and animations. Ideally, they land a bit differently.” After his book sold 10 million copies, Manson now hopes to reach the non-reading audience with the film. “The only reason to do something visual [was] to share the ideas of the book with people who don’t read,” he said. “It’s weird seeing myself on a screen. But I’ll take it!” Manson’s personal experiences are accompanied by beautiful and occasionally disturbing imagery, as well as diverse stories about everything from World War II to Metallica. But they all have a common message: the importance of assuming responsibility and embracing adversity. The documentary also delivers many tough love lessons from Manson, including: Happiness is a problem, change is brutal, and life is always gonna suck a little bit. With just one life to live and a finite amount of attention to spend, Manson urges listeners to let go where they can in order to focus on what matters, posing the question: “How are you going to use your limited f–ks?” The number one lesson the best-selling author hopes watchers will walk away with: “That they’re not alone in their suffering. We all struggle, and struggling is a completely normal part of life. There’s no reason to judge yourself or feel bad about it.”