Portia de Rossi had one birthday wish: to renew her wedding vows with Ellen DeGeneres. The Australian-American actress turned 50 on Jan. 31 and surprised the 65-year-old former talk show host during her birthday party at the couple’s new $70 million Carpinteria, California, home by delivering heartfelt vows in front of the pair’s family and friends. DeGeneres shared a clip Thursday of the ceremony on social media, directing fans to watch the full video on her YouTube page. In the video, singer-songwriter Brandi Carlile sang Roberta Flack’s “The First Time Ever I Saw Your Face” as de Rossi walked through the crowd of shocked guests in the same wedding dress she wore during the couple’s intimate 2008 ceremony. “Where is she?” de Rossi sweetly asked as she makes her way to an even more stunned DeGeneres. “Oh my God!” the comedian exclaimed at the sight of her wife. De Rossi then handed DeGeneres a small bouquet of flowers and took her wife’s hand, leading her to the front of the room. That’s when Kris Jenner grabbed a piece of paper and stood between the two, declaring that de Rossi “would like us to witness a renewal of her commitment to Ellen to honor and celebrate their marriage of 14 years.” “You don’t have to say anything at all,” de Rossi promised the “Finding Dory” star, “But when I was thinking about what would make my birthday really special, apart from being with family and friends, it was reminding you that you’re the most important thing in the world to me.” “I just adore you. I love you, and I would not be on this Earth without you,” a smitten DeGeneres claimed when it was her turn to speak. “You save me every day thank you for saving me every day, and I’m the lucky one.” “Portia surprised me at her birthday party by renewing our vows,” DeGeneres wrote on Instagram. “Thank you @KrisJenner for officiating and @BrandiCarlile for performing, and Portia for being the greatest gift to me, even on your birthday.” “Best day ever!!!” Jenner commented. “What an honor to be there for two of my BFFs who I adore and who love each other so much!” The celebration comes less than two months into DeGeneres grieving the loss of Stephen “tWitch” Boss, a professional dancer and the DJ on “The Ellen DeGeneres Show.” A publicly bubbly Boss died by suicide at just 40 years old on Dec. 14. DeGeneres said the people close to him will “never make sense” of his death. If you or someone you know is affected by any of the issues raised in this story, call the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline at 800-273-TALK (8255) or text Crisis Text Line at 741741.