New York Post readers can take advantage of a great new customer offer with the Caesars Sportsbook promo code NPBONUSFULL. New bettors can apply the promo code to make an initial wager up to $1,250 on Caesars, and if the bet loses, that same amount is returned back as bet credits. If someone signs up and places a first bet for $150 that loses — they would still get back $150 in bet credits, and so on up to $1,250. Follow the button below to learn more so you can use the Caesars offer for the Nevada Wolfpack at the Wyoming Cowboys on Monday night. This offer can be used for any sport on Caesars. The promo code NPBONUSFULL lets new Caesars bettors claim up to $1,250 in bet credits. All it takes is a first bet of at least $10, and there’s no reason to stress about losing money because the amount wagered on losing bets gets returned back in bet credits. If you win, you receive your winnings just like normal. The promo code NPBONUSFULL also allows users to get 1,000 Tier credits and 1,000 Reward credits just for signing up. The Wyoming Cowboys hosting the Nevada Wolfpack is not the sexiest matchup in Monday’s men’s college hoops schedule, but it is interesting from a betting perspective. Caesars Sportsbook has Nevada as a 5.5-point favorite tonight, and I’m surprised that spread isn’t larger. Yes, it’s always tough to play on the road in college basketball, but the Wolfpack are far better than the Cowboys and should cover the spread easily. For those who aren’t familiar with Mountain West basketball, Nevada is actually pretty good at 22-7 overall and is on pace to make the NCAA Tournament. The Wolfpack enter today’s game tied for second in the Mountain West standings and have three players scoring at least 14 points per game, led by guard Jarod Lucas at 16.5 PPG. Wyoming is in the complete opposite situation. The Cowboys come in with a dreadful 8-20 record and occupy the cellar of the Mountain West standings with three conference wins. Nevada is the better team tonight and needs to keep stacking wins heading into the NCAA Tournament, so take the Wolfpack to cover the spread in Laramie with promo code NPBONUSFULL on Caesars Sportsbook. 21+. Available in AZ, CO, IA, IL, IN, KS, LA, MI, NJ, NY, TN, VA, WV only. Full T&C apply. Who doesn’t like a little extra bang for their buck? Caesars Profit Boosts increase the net winnings of your bet by a given percentage and can be applied to all sorts of bets. Profit Boosts can be used on straight bets (money line, spread, total) and parlays, but there are also boosts that are exclusively for straight bets only, parlays only, or even parlays with a set number of legs. Profit Boosts can be applied to a variety of sports and bet types, but only those available will appear in your bet slip. Make sure to look for any profit boosts in your ‘Bonus Drawer’ on Caesars Sportsbook.