CNN staffers are fuming over Don Lemon’s cringeworthy apology for his on-air, sexist diatribe about 51-year-old Nikki Haley — with some calling for the anchor to be fired. “He has got to go,” a CNN insider told The Post. “He is hurting the brand. Women aren’t even focused on the sexism — it’s the damage to CNN.” “Everyone is pissed about it,” a second CNN source said, referring to Lemon’s attention-grabbing gaffes, “It makes us the story and it hurts us.” Lemon delivered an awkward mea culpa during a 9 a.m. Friday call with editorial staffers that was led by an upset CNN CEO Chris Licht, in which Lemon rambled on at length, trying to explain away his remarks before apologizing. “He said he was sorry two minutes into the call,” one source close to the situation said of Lemon. “It was very self-centered and he lied. It was not his idea to apologize. They made him do it.” Lemon was conspicuously absent from “CNN This Morning” just 24 hours after he put his foot in his mouth with his rant about 51-year-old Nikki Haley being “not in her prime” — prompting co-host Poppy Harlow to reportedly walk off the set. After the incident, Harlow flew off to Salt Lake City, where she will cover NBA All-Star weekend festivities, leaving only Kaitlan Collins in the New York studio from the troubled trio. Audie Cornish, the former National Public Radio journalist, filled in for the 56-year-old Lemon. “Don has the day off,” Collins said at the top of the broadcast, failing to elaborate on Lemon’s absence — much less mentioning Thursday’s disastrous blowup — as she introduced Cornish. As it turns out, Lemon decided to start the long Presidents’ Day Weekend early by heading to Miami for what one source said was a “pre-planned vacation.” He is expected to return to the air on Tuesday, another source told The Post. Lemon was pictured emerging from the South Beach surf with a smile on his face and laying on chaise lounge after his bizarre Friday morning plea to his CNN colleagues. Before he soaked up the Florida sunshine, Lemon began his phone call to staff by saying he was likely the first person “in the history” of CNN to apologize and that it was his idea to address the company. Lemon went on to declare that “the people I am closest to in this organization are women,” and called out prominent journalists like Dana Bash, Erin Burnett and his “CNN This Morning” co-hosts Poppy Harlow and Kaitlan Collins, whom he said he respects. He also mentioned his mother. “He doubled-down by explaining his comments and then he said, ‘I’m friends with women so I can’t be sexist.’” “Really Don?” the source shot back. “That’s like saying I have black friends so I can’t be racist.” Other staffers in New York said Lemon is the “talk of the newsroom” and raged over the negative publicity he has cast on the revamped morning show, which Licht launched with high expectations in November. However, the program’s ratings continue to tank. “Everyone is talking about the show for all the wrong reasons,” one source said. “This is not ‘The View.’ The show is a train wreck. It’s more than growing pains at this point. They aren’t vibing. Something needs to change.” Lemon’s apology follows a drumbeat of self-inflicted wounds, including The Post’s report that Lemon screamed at his “CNN This Morning” co-anchor Kaitlan Collins, after she interrupted him on air in December. Lemon has also been called out for talking over co-host Poppy Harlow on air and going on an unscripted rant after Rep. James Comer (R-KY) called The Post “credible.” The source pointed to a slew of other issues the anchor has had at the network including his role in Jussie Smollet’s case. The “Empire” star, who made up a narrative that two Trump-loving bigots beat him up and tied a noose around his neck in Chicago in 2019, was convicted in Dec. 2021.  The actor’s courtroom testimony revealed the CNN host had tipped him off that he was being investigated by police. “Did we learn nothing from Chris Cuomo?,” the source said, referring to the former primetime anchor’s role in advising his brother, then-Gov. Andrew Cuomo, on how to dodge his sexual harassment accusations. The CNN anchor was dismissed in Dec. 2021, as a result. “People [at CNN] are just so over it,” said the source, noting that most women at the network are “embarrassed, disappointed and frustrated” by Lemon’s tart tongue. “He owed an apology to his co-hosts and Nikki [Haley] and the whole staff who busted their asses for weeks who can’t just do their jobs because he keeps making ridiculous headlines.” Licht hinted Lemon’s latest outburst could be the last straw while trying to calm the furious staff. “Don and I have spoken at length. He knows I’m disappointed,” Licht said. “His remarks were upsetting, unacceptable and unfair to his co-hosts and ultimately a huge distraction to the great work of this organization.” However, few believe Lemon will be shown the exit. “Nobody thinks Don is going to lose his job but people are really upset he thinks this way – it’s so misogynistic – because people really like him,” a source said. Neither CNN nor Lemon returned requests for comment.