A judge has ordered that the Arizona hotel where Michael Irvin is accused of alleged misconduct with a female employee must release any video footage it has of the incident, according to a new motion filed by his attorney. Irvin — who has said there was “no sexual wrongdoing” and that he only “shook hands” with the woman during a Feb. 5 interaction in the lobby of a Phoenix Marriott — was removed from NFL Network’s Super Bowl coverage last week after news of the situation was made public. On Thursday, a judge ruled that the hotel must send the video footage to Irvin by Feb. 20. The motion, which was obtained by TMZ, was granted on the same day it was filed by Irvin’s attorney, Levi McCathern, who believes it will help exonerate his client. The judge also ordered that the hotel must provide the name of Irvin’s accuser, as well as anyone else who may have filed a complaint against the Hall of Fame receiver. The motion also states that the hotel must share the names of the NFL employees who received the complaints. Per the outlet, the motion states that Irvin, 56, met the woman in the hotel lobby after she had called him over to introduce herself, and witnesses reportedly called the interaction between them “‘jovial’ and completely harmless.” At the time, Irvin said he returned from having dinner and a few drinks with former Cowboy Michael Brooks. Irvin’s attorney added in the documents that the interaction lasted less than a minute, and that afterward, his client went to his hotel room alone and fell asleep. Irvin told that same story during two separate interviews last week, saying that he spoke to the woman for “45 seconds.” On Feb. 9, Irvin filed a $100 million lawsuit against the woman who accused him of alleged misconduct at the Phoenix hotel four days prior. In the counter suit, the woman, who has yet to be named, is identified as “Jane Doe.” The woman’s accusations against Irvin are still unknown. In the lawsuit, Irvin accused the hotel’s management and its employees of making him the victim of “cancel culture,” and alleged he’s being “railroaded” with false accusations. The lawsuit states that when Irvin and his team became aware of the allegations, they attempted to provide witness accounts to the hotel to rectify the situation, which they alleged the hotel staff refused to listen. In the lawsuit, Irvin went on to accuse the hotel’s manager of reporting the alleged incident to the NFL “with the intention of damaging that relationship and canceling [Irvin].” McCathern told TMZ that his client’s reputation has been damaged and that Irvin has lost out on money and canceled appearances as a result of the false allegations. In addition to NFL Network’s Super Bowl coverage, Irvin did not make his regular appearances on ESPN’s “First Take” in the aftermath of the incident.