Six in 10 voters think it’s likely Hunter Biden used info from the classified documents found in President Biden’s home to “sweeten his foreign business deals,” note Issues & Insights’ editors, citing a Rasmussen poll. And with good reason: An email Hunter sent in 2014, disclosed by Post columnist Miranda Devine, contained “highly detailed” information on Ukraine; soon after, then-Vice President Joe Biden traveled to Ukraine, and Hunter got a seat on Ukrainian energy company Burisma’s board — with $83,000 a month in compensation. “Is it reasonable to believe” the prez has been “squirrelling away classified documents for years” to “provide his family members with inside information that would make them all rich? Of course it is. . . . The pattern is there.” Rep. Adam Schiff, who’s now running for Senate, insists he believes “truth matters” — and never mind “his own trail of distortion and outright lies,” thunders The Washington Times’ Susan Ferrechio. His most obvious whopper: pushing the Russiagate hoax and asserting “evidence not shown to the public proved ‘conspiracy and collusion’ between the Trump campaign and Russians,” a claim since disproved. He also “hyped the Steele Dossier, a 35-page, unverified political opposition research report” commissioned by the Clinton campaign, and downplayed “the proven accusation” that Team Trump was subjected to “improper surveillance.” Plus, he misled the public, opening the first impeachment inquiry with “a fictionalized version” of Trump’s call with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky. Worst of all? He refuses to acknowledge his untruths, “even when faced with overwhelming evidence” of his lies. “President Biden has done more to enrich Big Oil and its shareholders than Donald Trump or any other White House occupant in decades,” quip The Wall Street Journal’s editors, flagging the industry’s recent big profits. US oil production has fallen, boosting prices, thanks to government warnings that Big Oil’s “products will soon become obsolete” and a White House that has “delayed lease sales, dragged its feet on permitting pipelines, and tightened renewable-fuel mandates that raise costs for refiners.” Team Biden has also directed “federal agencies to calculate indirect greenhouse gas emissions for fossil-fuel projects” and “analyze potential renewable alternatives,” making it easier to block projects. The only ones paying the price for “these Biden policies are American consumers.” Rep. Ilhan Omar’s “never more alive than when she believes she’s being persecuted,” snarks Commentary’s Noah Rothman — including now that the House GOP has moved to deny her committee assignments. The move echoes a decision by then-Speaker Nancy Pelosi to withhold committee assignments from Reps. Marjorie Taylor Greene and Paul Gosar. Yet Omar thinks Speaker Kevin McCarthy is acting against her only because she’s a Muslim. The truth? Omar suffers from a real problem: her tendency to make “highly publicized, blatantly anti-Semitic” remarks. And her “lapses in judgment” on policy (like arguing Venezuela is “repressive and violent” due to US actions). Republicans should do “what they can to prevent Omar from having the power to pursue her conspiratorial ambitions.” “Progressive prosecutors” put “police officers on publicly available ‘do not use’ lists” for lying — but “what are the legal ramifications of a court’s calling a prosecutor a liar?” asks Thomas Hogan at City Journal. A judge caught Philly DA Larry Krasner lying while trying to have a murderer’s death sentence vacated; Chicago’s “Kim Foxx has been called out for not telling the truth during the Jussie Smollett debacle”; St. Louis “Circuit Attorney Kim Gardner was sanctioned for being untruthful during a failed prosecution of a political rival.” Should “every criminal case in Philadelphia, Chicago, and St. Louis come with a warning that the prosecutor may not be telling the truth?” “Should a public list of these chief prosecutors identify and shame them, as with untruthful police?” — Compiled by The Post Editorial Board