Whether we’re heading off to a Friday date night or embarking on our in-office commutes (in that case, grab one of our favorite work totes), we all aspire to have compliment-worthy hair. The brand that nearly broke the internet in the haircare department is, unsurprisingly, Dyson. And now, you can snag its top-rated hair straightener for 44% off on Amazon. The Dyson Corrale Hair Straighteners isn’t just one of the best we reviewed but is also cordless, so it’s one of the most ergonomic to use. What’s more, it’s pink (and who doesn’t love pink?!) Though it’s renewed, the product is in “excellent condition” and will have you hair pin-straight, if so desired. Rest assured it has been professionally inspected, tested and cleaned by Amazon qualified vendors, too. With intelligent heat control that responds to the length, texture and thickness of your hair, you’ll appreciate how this trusty hair-styling tool automatically controls the temperature for optimal results. It’s that good. Not to mention, it’s much more affordable than the Dyson Airwrap. From personal testing, it doesn’t take long to heat up and doesn’t have that “pulling” maneuver that so many other flat irons on the market tend to have, which may leave your hair stripped toward the ends. Plus, it couldn’t be simpler to use. Begin with completely dry hair and medium heat (we find 365 degrees tends to be the sweet spot, though this may differ depending on your hair type and preference). You can shift the temperature up or down if needed. With one to two inches of hair, smooth the Dyson Corrale down your strands in one fluid motion from your roots to your ends. If you would like to add some wave — similar to your best salon blowout — its beveled ends can rotate 45 to 90 degrees inward or outward, leaving your tips healthy and voluminous. Not to mention, the Dyson Corrale works exceptionally well following a hair wash with one of the best shampoos we reviewed (oh, and one of our recommended heat protectants!) for a days-lasting, compliment-worthy look. For more hot-button offers, check our our guide to the best Amazon beauty products. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.