Shout it from the rooftops! Rihanna is indeed pregnant again. Her reps confirmed it following a barrage of trending fan speculation after her red-hot halftime performance at the 2023 Super Bowl, where the Kansas City Chiefs faced off against the Philadelphia Eagles. During her 13-minute performance, the comeback queen performed hits like “Work” and “Diamonds” solo on stage wearing a crimson, bump-hugging ensemble — but did not make any kind of halftime-show announcement during her first live performance in seven years. This will be Rihanna’s second child. She welcomed a son in May 2022 with her partner A$AP Rocky, and has yet to announce the name of her child publicly. Eagle-eyed viewers had already proclaimed that the 34-year-old was sporting a baby bump and was thus expecting a sibling for her nine-month-old son. As she started her highly-anticipated performance, the “Umbrella” hitmaker appeared to rub her burgeoning belly which kicked off the conception conversation online. After Rihanna’s performance, Twitter was set ablaze with speculation regarding the singer’s status — was she pregnant, or not? The Post has reached out to Rihanna’s reps for further comment. Video producer Dave Jorgenson joked on Twitter: “How many seconds into the halftime show did someone at your Super Bowl party politely ask if Rihanna is pregnant.” Journalist David Mack agreed: “Ok so everyone just googled ‘rihanna pregnant’ right.” Another Twitter sleuth even noticed that whenever she sang the words “alive” or “life,” she touched and gestured to her stomach, even sharing a video for proof. “Rihanna putting her hands on her stomach when she sang “I’m alive” in diamonds,” another viewer typed on Twitter. In an interview with Apple Music a few days ahead of the halftime show, Rihanna revealed that motherhood has only made her stronger, and inspired her to perform at the 2023 Super Bowl. “But when you become a mom,” she said at the time.  “there’s just something that just happens where you feel like you can take on the world, you can do anything and the Super Bowl is one of the biggest stages in the world.” She also teased, “There are a lot of people who are a part of this show — and a huge part of the reason why this show is going to be as incredible as it is. I couldn’t have done it without them.”