New York Post readers can take advantage of an amazing new customer offer with the Caesars Sportsbook promo code NPBONUSFULL. This promo code lets new customers place an initial wager up to $1,250, and if the bet loses, that same amount gets returned back as bet credits. So let’s say a bettor signs up and makes a losing first bet of $150, they would still get $150 back in bet credits, and so on up to $1,250. Follow the link below to find out how to claim $1,250 bet credits on Caesars for Friday night’s NBA slate. The offer from Caesars can be used on any sports market on the online sportsbook. The Caesars promo code NPBONUSFULL allows new bettors to claim up to $1,250 in bet credits. You need to bet at least $10 to start out, but there’s no need to worry about losing money because losing bets are returned as bet credits. Basically, you get back the same amount you initially wagered — up to $1,250. If you win, you receive your winnings just like normal. The promo code NPBONUSFULL also allows users to get 1,000 Tier credits and 1,000 Reward credits just for signing up. The NBA brings the heat with 11 games this Friday night as we lead into Super Bowl weekend. The schedule starts in Indianapolis where the Indiana Pacers host the Phoenix Suns in what could be the debut for Kevin Durant in purple and orange. At the same time, the Detroit Pistons host the San Antonio Spurs, and the Knicks and 76ers battle in Philadelphia. Moving later into the night, the Celtics take on the Charlotte Hornets in Boston, the Toronto Raptors play the Utah Jazz north of the border, the Houston Rockets play at the Miami Heat, and the Memphis Grizzlies host the Minnesota Timberwolves. Heading out west, the New Orleans Pelicans host the Cleveland Cavaliers, the OKC Thunder play the Trail Blazers in Portland, the Kyrie Irving-led Dallas Mavericks play the Kings in Sacramento, and the LA Clippers host the Milwaukee Bucks. Grab the promo code NPBONUSFULL for a sweet deal on these games. 21+. Available in AZ, CO, IA, IL, IN, KS, LA, MI, NJ, NY, TN, VA, WV only. Full T&C apply. Who doesn’t like a little extra bang for their buck? Caesars Profit Boosts increase the net winnings of your bet by a given percentage and can be applied to all sorts of bets. Profit Boosts can be used on straight bets (money line, spread, total) and parlays, but there are also Profit Boosts that are exclusively for straight bets only, parlays only, or even parlays with a set number of legs. Profit Boosts can be applied to a variety of sports and bet types, but only those available will appear in your bet slip. Make sure to look for any profit boosts in your ‘Bonus Drawer’ on Caesars Sportsbook.