Seven players on the current Eagles roster were a part of their Super Bowl championship team in 2018. Among those seven is a critical core four — Jason Kelce, Lane Johnson, Brandon Graham and Fletcher Cox — all of whom have been with the team for more than a decade and are an invaluable resource for head coach Nick Sirianni as he navigates what will be a circus week of preparation to come for Super Bowl 2023 in Arizona, where the team arrived on Sunday. “What an incredible ride it’s been with those four guys — Kelce, Fletch and BG,” Johnson said before leaving for Arizona. “Not a lot of players get to experience it with the core group of guys like this. I’m thankful to be with these guys.” Johnson, the right tackle, is in his 10th season, Kelce, the center, is in his 12th, Cox, a defensive tackle, in his 11th and Graham, a defensive end, in his 13th — and not only is he the longest-tenured player on the Eagles but the longest-tenured professional athlete in Philadelphia. All four have been there and done that … and desperately want to do it one more time. All four are foundational pieces — literally and figuratively — in Philadelphia, spanning the end of the Andy Reid era to the volatile two-plus years of Chip Kelly to Doug Pederson’s five years, which included the franchise’s first Super Bowl title and his curious and clumsy departure, to now Sirianni. So, the core four has excelled under four different head coaches and played with seven different starting quarterbacks. Those players are the glue, something not lost on the current head coach. “When I first got the job here, I said I wasn’t like other first-year head coaches,” Sirianni said. “I had these unbelievable players that have been to the mountaintop, that have played in this league for 10-plus years — two on the offensive line, two on the defensive line — and know what it takes. That’s obviously a huge advantage for our football team.” Together, the core four has been a part of seven winning seasons, including four NFC East titles, five playoff berths and the one Super Bowl championship. “Since the day I got here, that’s all they talk about,” said Eagles defensive tackle Javon Hargrave, who joined the team in 2020 after having played in Pittsburgh. “They tell me how they felt when they went to the Super Bowl and all the memories they had. It’s pretty cool to have people who have done it before.” A sobering element to this postseason ride is that each of the core four is well aware that Sunday’s Super Bowl against the Chiefs may be their final game together. They hope it’s not, but no one ever knows for sure, do they? Cox is 32 and will be a free agent after the season. The contracts of Kelce, 35, and Graham, 34, are structured to make this their last year, barring restructuring. Cox joked with reporters last week, “I feel like me and BG have been married for 11 years now.” Kelce recalled speaking to former Eagles tight end Brent Celek during the 2017-18 season when Philadelphia was last in the Super Bowl about how precious these opportunities are. “I remember him [saying] how he had gone to the NFC Championship his second year (2008) and how he thought he’d just be back there every year … like, ‘We’ll get ’em next time,’ ” Kelce said. The Eagles lost to the Cardinals in that 2008 conference title game. “Then it took him another eight or nine years after that to get back there,” Kelce continued. “So, there’s a sense of urgency here. We have a great roster and you’re only going to get so many chances to do something special in this league.” Cox’s advice to the younger players on the team has been simple. “Just try to stay on your same routine,” he said. “It’s going to be hard, but don’t change nothing.” I just try to tell the guys just remain the same. Graham’s message has been similar. “I told the guys to make sure you have fun when it’s time to have it, but when we’re between those lines or in those meetings, let’s make it about what we do well so we can carry out that game plan,” Graham said. “Because we didn’t come all this way to get embarrassed.” We didn’t come all this way to start playing around now. Keep it consistent. Quarterback Jalen Hurts, in his third season, has embraced the advice of the core four. “They’re definitely guys we can lean on their experience,’’ Hurts said. “Experience is the biggest teacher. Having those guys around is definitely beneficial.’’ Every one of the Eagles’ core four has beaten Father Time. Now all they want to do is beat the Chiefs.