There is nothing not awkward about this exchange between Charles Barkley and Draymond Green. The Warriors star got a tad defensive when the basketball Hall of Famer said that Golden State is “cooked” this season during the NBA All-Star broadcast. Green was serving as a sideline reporter and Barkley and the “Inside the NBA” crew were commentating on the festivities, which aired on TBS and TNT. “I hate to say it, but the Golden State Warriors are cooked,” Barkley said. “That’s crazy,” Green replied. “You said that last year, but we all know you don’t know what you’re talking about.” When Barkley denied Green’s claim, the Warriors forward fired back: “You said it every year. You said it every year since I’ve been in the league.” Barkley continued to disagree, saying, “That’s not true, but y’all are cooked now… y’all are done… I’m telling you, y’all are done.” Green hit back with a jab about Barkley never winning a championship in his career. “This is crazy… Are we?… That’s four ahead of you, boss,” Green said, referring to his number of championship rings. Barkley apparently went on to say that Golden State’s younger core has yet to step up in a big way this season while the team’s stars are getting older — adding that All-Star point guard, Stephen Curry, is “starting to break down.” Curry has missed 20 of the Warriors’ 58 games this season and is currently out with a leg injury. Green didn’t like that comment. “He’s starting to break down? He got hit in the knee and hurt his knee!” Green said. “He didn’t just get hurt. He also got his arm snatched back, they’re contact injuries. Thank God he don’t look like you in Houston.” The tense exchange occurred when Barkley rehashed a comment made by Grizzlies star Ja Morant during a sideline interview with Green. At one point in the All-Star game, Green asked Morant if he was still not worried about any teams in the Western Conference following the NBA trade deadline on Feb. 9. The Nets traded Kevin Durant to the Suns on the night before the 3 p.m. deadline. “Definitely you got to look at Phoenix now with adding KD,” Morant said. “Obviously, we can’t shy away from y’all [the Warriors]. Everybody knows y’all are always in contention… still Boston, man. “But yeah, I’m still fine in the west.” The defending champion Warriors are sitting in the ninth spot in the Western Conference with a 29-29 record. Golden State defeated the Celtics in six games in the 2022 NBA Finals, which secured their fourth championship in eight seasons. Green signed a multi-year contract with Turner in January 2022 and is expected to join the “Inside the NBA” team whenever his playing career concludes.