A Georgia church where former President Jimmy Carter regularly taught Sunday school paid heartfelt homage a day after it was announced the oldest living president in US history was in hospice care. The congregation at Maranatha Baptist Church honored Carter at the first Sunday services following the somber news about the 39th president. Cater’s niece, Kim Fuller, read a quote from the 98-year-old ex-commander-in-chief to worshippers in his Plains, Ga., hometown. “I have one life and one chance to make it count for something,” Fuller recounted about her uncle’s words. “I’m free to choose that something. … My faith demands that I do whatever I can, wherever I can, whenever I can, for as long as I can.” “Maybe if we think about it, maybe it’s time to pass the baton,” an emotional Fuller told congregants before leading them in a prayer. “Who picks it up, I have no clue. I don’t know. Because this baton’s going to be a really big one.” The Carter Center, based in Atlanta, announced Saturday that Carter made the decision to receive end-of-life care “instead of additional medical intervention” at his Plains home. The Democrat served one term in the Oval Office, beating Gerald Ford in the 1976 presidential election before losing in a landslide to Republican Ronald Reagan in 1980. Carter faced numerous health issues in recent years, including undergoing brain surgery to remove a mass from his liver in 2015. Soon after, Carter announced doctors found melanoma, “four very small spots,” on his brain.  After months of treatment, Carter was declared cancer-free. In 2019, however, he was back in the hospital for a fractured pelvis after a fall at his home. Before Carter entered hospice care, he had a series of short hospital stays, the Carter Center said Saturday. President Biden tweeted Sunday he and First Lady Jill Biden were praying for Carter and his 95-year-old wife Rosalynn. “To our friends Jimmy and Rosalynn and to their family – Jill and I are with you in prayer and send you our love,” Biden said. “We admire you for the strength and humility you have shown in difficult times. May you continue your journey with grace and dignity, and God grant you peace.” Parishioners of the Maranatha Baptist Church also prayed for the former Georgia governor during services. After Fuller’s address, Pastor Hugh Deloach prayed for the entire Carter family. “Lord, especially Mrs. Carter, and God look back on times and years that they’ve been together and Lord just strengthen her in the power of your might as well,” Deloach said. At one point, the church choir sang a rendition of “America the Beautiful,” according to CNN. Well-wishers for Carter also paid tribute at his presidential library over the weekend. While the Carter Center was closed to observe President’s Day weekend, people still strolled past the fountains and gardens. Calhoun, Ga., resident James Culbertson drove an hour to pay tribute. “I brought my sons down here today to pay respect for President Carter and teach them a little bit about how great a humanitarian he was, especially in the later stages of his life,” Culbertson said. With Post wires