Bettors new to BetMGM Sportsbook can use BetMGM bonus code NPBONUS to get up to $1,000 in bonus bets if their first bet loses. BetMGM’s new customer offer lets you make your initial wager up to $1,000, and if it loses, you get that same amount back in bet credits, aka bonus bets. Follow the link below for more information about BetMGM’s offer so you can use it for Maryland vs. Minnesota men’s basketball. This offer works for any BetMGM sports market. The BetMGM bonus code NPBONUS allows new customers to score up to $1,000 in bonus bets. If you make a $200 losing bet after you sign up – you still get back $200 in bet credits with the bonus code. This works for any amount up to $1,000. If you’re looking for a risk-free avenue to enter the sports betting world, BetMGM’s new customer offer is a good way to do it. The Maryland Terrapins host the Minnesota Golden Gophers tonight as they try to finish the regular season strong and improve their NCAA Tournament resume. BetMGM Sportsbook favors Maryland by 16.5 points and that is just way too high. It would be surprising if the Terrapins lost, but this spread is far too big. Minnesota is not a good team and there’s no denying it. However, the Golden Gophers have clearly been playing hard recently, losing their last three games by 12, 7, and 9 points. If Minnesota shows the same level of effort and competitiveness it did in its last three games tonight, then it won’t lose to Maryland by 17 or more points. And it’s not like the Terrapins are immune to losing to below-average Big Ten teams because they just lost to a 14-14 Nebraska team on Sunday! Maryland is clearly the better team, but they aren’t some dominant force and the Golden Gophers are not a total pushover. Take Minnesota with the BetMGM bonus code NPBONUS because the Golden Gophers are playing well enough to keep this game somewhat competitive. New and existing players. Must be 21+. AZ, CO, DC, IA, IL, IN, KS, LA, MD, MI, NJ, TN, VA, PA, WV, WY only. Full T&C apply.. One of the easiest ways to get yourself a load of bet credits is through BetMGM’s very generous “refer a friend” scheme. BetMGM allows bettors to refer up to 20 friends, with both getting a $50 bonus. Your friend will need to make their first deposit and place their $50 bonus on any sport at odds of -200 or greater in order for you to claim your bonus. For Ohio: 21+ and present in OH. Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER.