Don Lemon’s sexist comment about Nikki Haley wasn’t enough to get him fired from CNN, leaving Megyn Kelly to wonder: “Does someone have to grab a boob for us to count?” Kelly took to her SiriusXM podcast on Tuesday and asked why new CNN boss Chris Licht hasn’t dismissed Lemon. The Post was first to report last week that one of Lemon’s co-hosts on “CNN This Morning,” Poppy Harlow, stormed off the set in disgust after he declared that the 51-year-old Haley was “not in her prime.” “Do women matter? Does our offense matter to CNN or does someone have to grab a boob for us to count, Chris Licht? That’s my question to you,” Kelly said on her podcast Tuesday. “It shouldn’t have to be that you were raped by a man, or 21 women come forward alleging that they’ve been sexually harassed by a man, or they’ve been inappropriately touched by a man for their offense to matter,” Kelly said. “We’ve seen person after person get fired because they caused offense, mere offense, when it comes to race, when it comes to sexual orientation, when it comes to gender identity,” she continued. “Does women’s offense matter? … Because this guy [Don Lemon] managed to piss off half the country. It’s not left or right.” Kelly said the outrage spurred by Lemon crossed party lines, citing comments by President Biden’s press secretary, Karine Jean-Pierre, who offered her own criticism. “It’s male or female,” Kelly said. “And by the way, a lot of men are with us. You don’t have to be a #MeToo supporter to be irritated and offended by what Don Lemon said.” Kelly added: “This one’s not breaking down along partisan lines. This is not a left and right.” “This is about decency.” Lemon returned to CNN’s air on Wednesday — the first time he was co-hosting the morning show since the blowup. He made no mention of the scandal when the show started, though he did post an online apology moments before he hit the airwaves. “I appreciate the opportunity to be back on @CNNThisMorning today,” he wrote on Twitter amid calls for him to have been fired. “To my network, my colleagues and our incredible audience — I’m sorry. “I’ve heard you, I’m learning from you, and I’m committed to doing better. See you soon,” he wrote. “What I said came out wrong and I wish I hadn’t said it. I believe women of any age can do anything they set their minds to. The people I am closest to in this organization are women.” Kelly said Licht failed to sufficiently discipline Lemon, who phoned into an editorial call while vacationing in Florida last week to apologize to staffers. Licht condemned Lemon’s comments as “upsetting, unacceptable, and unfair to his co-host” Harlow. “I’m sorry, I don’t mean to hurt anyone. I did not mean to offend anyone,” Lemon said during the call.