Three University of Idaho students said they saw quadruple murder suspect Bryan Kohberger lingering on campus in the weeks before the brutal off-campus slayings — and that the creepy loner “was the type to stare.” One sophomore told People magazine that she saw Kohberger drinking water at the food court of the Student Union as he sat alone. “He was the type to stare. He wouldn’t look away if you caught him staring. Like he wanted you to notice that he was looking at you,” the student, identified as Chelsea, told the mag. “He didn’t smile, didn’t nod, didn’t say anything. Just stared,” she said. “I told my friend to not be suspicious but to look at him, because the eye contact was making me uncomfortable.” Chelsea added: “It was so weird that we ended up leaving and eating outside, because we wanted to get away from him.” Another student said she saw Kohberger so often that she assumed the Washington State University PhD student was attending the University of Idaho. “It’s not a huge school; it’s like a small town,” the unidentified student told People. “So you start seeing the same faces again and again. They become familiar, like you know that you’ve seen them in class or around campus.”  The student described Kohberger as “just really quiet and really intense, staring,” adding that “he made me uncomfortable.” A third student also told the news outlet that they recognized Kohberger after he was arrested and charged in the Nov. 13 stabbing deaths of Madison Mogen, 21, Kaylee Goncalves, 21, Xana Kernodle, 20, and Ethan Chapin, 20, at a rental home in Moscow, Idaho. Kohberger is charged with four counts of murder and one count of felony burglary. A law enforcement source recently told People that they believe Kohberger spent some time on the University of Idaho campus. “Whether or not [Kohberger] is guilty of killing those kids, there’s something wrong if a grown man who isn’t a student can just wander around campus,” Mar Sampson, whose daughter was a student last semester, told the mag. “Everyone needs to be really aware of their surroundings, and should feel free to speak up if someone makes them uncomfortable,” she added. The alleged sightings by the three students were not the first time Kohberger made women feel uncomfortable. The owner of the Seven Sirens Brewing Company in Pennsylvania said Kohberger harassed women at his bar, where he usually sat alone “observing and watching” other patrons until he started drinking. Kohberger’s behavior caused enough concern for employees to put a note in the company system about him. “Staff put in there: ‘Hey, this guy makes creepy comments, keep an eye on him.’ He’ll have two or three beers and then just get a little too comfortable,” said owner Jordan Serulneck, 34.