PORT ST. LUCIE — Carlos Beltran was a visible presence for the Mets on Tuesday, in his third act with the organization. The former Mets outfielder and short-tenured manager for the club spent much of the morning watching drills alongside general manager Billy Eppler before perching himself behind the screen on Clover Park’s main field to view live batting practice. Beltran’s hiring as a special assistant to the GM was announced last week. Beltran is expected to speak with reporters Wednesday. Beltran was hired as Mets manager before the 2020 season but departed before managing a game after his involvement in the Astros’ sign-stealing scheme was revealed. Beltran last season dabbled in broadcasting, working Yankees games on YES. On Saturday, Eppler said a significant part of Beltran’s job will involve assisting in player development. “We’ll learn a lot from each other and I’m really glad to have his perspective,” Eppler said. “Sometimes I talk about diversity of thought to work around a problem. … Carlos definitely provides that for our baseball players.” Buck Showalter noted Daniel Vogelbach’s offseason weight drop (20-25 pounds, as estimated by Vogelbach) and said much of the challenge for the DH will be maintaining it. Vogelbach, who was acquired in a trade with the Pirates in July, was listed at 270 pounds last season. “We spend a lot of time looking at what guys weighed last spring and comparisons are key and then you see patterns with all our guys,” Showalter said. Luis Guillorme may see action at first base during spring training, according to Showalter, just to increase his versatility. Guillorme received significant action at second base and third base last season, and has also played shortstop. “I look at him as a starter,” Showlater said. “Just where is it?” The Mets are planning an intrasquad scrimmage for Friday, a day before they open the Grapefruit League with split-squad games in West Palm Beach and Port St. Lucie, against the Astros and Marlins, respectively. Mark Canha, according to Showalter, has indicated he would like to play two days straight beginning with Friday’s scrimmage, to receive early at-bats.