All the way back in 2008, a young upstart named Dr. Dre had a vision for a headphone empire. He dared to dream that a plucky youngster like him might one day be synonymous with high-quality wireless ear buds and over-ear headphones; that the name Dr. Dre might mean something to people. With nothing but a dream (and international fame and a millions-selling, critically-lauded decades-long hip-hop career), he achieved just that. Proof that if you dream it, and if you mean it, you can achieve it. Now, 15 years later, we’re happy to announce that Mr. Dre’s best-selling headphones are on super-sale on a little site conceived by another dreamer, this time out of Albuquerque, New Mexico, by the name of Jeff Bezos. That’s right, folks. For a limited time, Amazon is offering huge savings on the entire Beats line, from in-ear headphones, to their newest generation of over-ear options. Below, we’ve rounded up four of our favorite Beats deals on Amazon right now. Save up to 43% on top-of-the-line earbuds and headphones, and blast your beats at any volume. Save $50 on this pair of Beats Studio Buds, also available in Blue, Pink, White, and Red at the same price, and experience up to 8 hours of listening time from a single charge. For just $100, listen in to some of the highest performance bluetooth in the game. Handsome, sleek, and Siri-compatible, the Beats Fit Pro are Beats’ top-of-the-line in-ear headphones, and you can grab a pair today for just $150 (or equivalent to the list price of Beats Studio Buds). The latest and greatest Beats over-ear headphones model are the Studio3’s, marked down a whopping $150 today on Amazon. Block the world out with industry-standard noise-cancelling, and enjoy up to three hours of battery life from a single, 10 minute charge. If you’re on the go, you need to hit the Studio. Five minutes of charging time nets you up to three hours of listening time with the Beats Solo3 Wireless Over-Ear headphones, priced down $70 to just $130 on Amazon today. Never lose the beat with 40 hours of charge, and comfort-cushioned ear cups. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.