The Issue: President Biden’s statement that inflation was “already there” when he took office. It’s been more than two years since President Biden was put in charge of the country (“Joe’s memory hole,” Feb. 4). He has caused many, like myself, to rethink retirement and stay working. His failed policies have caused many Americans to go back to work. Not because they want to — but because they have to. Yes, Biden, it’s time for you to take credit for your failed leadership now and stop blaming former President Donald Trump. Michael A. Franza, Sr. Hewlett Does Sleepy Joe really think we’re that stupid? He blames all his failures, and there are many, on “the previous administration.” Inflation was less than 2% when Biden took office. It went as high as 9% and now hovers around 6%. This guy is a pathological liar. Hope his physical next week includes a cognitive test, but if it does don’t hold your breath waiting for the true results. With Biden and the Democrats’ failed agendas. they have only two ways to try and dodge the truth: Blame Trump or trot out the race card. Biden’s out to prove Abraham Lincoln wrong: You can fool most of the people most of the time. He fooled 81 million when they voted for him. Walter Goldeski East Brunswick, NJ Biden can say his administration isn’t responsible for inflation, claiming it happened before he took office. That’s all it takes in the modern world. Say it, and wait for it to become so. Enough people will pick up the claims and promote whatever is said and done. Enough people never leave the comfort of their subscribed-to sources. Thinking outside of the box is no longer possible in a close-minded society. Jonathan Kiddrane Glendale Joe’s “memory hole” indeed. I almost fell out of my chair when I heard him claim that inflation isn’t the fault of him and his administration. You need not be an economist to feel the pinch while shopping for everyday essentials. Why is it that when a Democrat takes office, things get worse? I’m still reeling from the ironically named “Affordable Care Act” set forth by former President Barack Obama. My health care is more expensive than ever since that passed. And now we struggle to heat our homes, fill up our cars and keep groceries in the fridge. Steve Preziosa, Sr. Deptford Township, NJ The Issue: The arrest of two men who allegedly assaulted Ray Alvarez, the owner of Ray’s Candy Store. The assault on Ray Alvarez, the 90-year-old owner of Ray’s Candy Store, is a particularly heinous, cowardly and despicable crime (“Arrests sweet justice for elderly owner of candy store,” Feb. 5). Now that Alvarez’s alleged assailants have been apprehended, The Post should track and report this case through the criminal-justice system to educate the public on how these vile crooks are ultimately dealt with by Manhattan District Attorney Alvin Bragg’s office. Will these repulsive deviants get the prosecution they deserve? If there’s ever a case for zero leniency, this is it. Peter Janoff Stamford, Conn. I want to thank The Post for its coverage of the horrible attack on Ray Alvarez. When you read about something like this, it really makes you wonder how Chirlane McCray could have once claimed that a police-free city “would be like a nirvana, a utopia.” This vicious assault should make us all aware of what happens when New York becomes more and more police-free. John Francis Fox Sunnyside Want to weigh in on today’s stories? Send your thoughts (along with your full name and city of residence) to letters@nypost.com. Letters are subject to editing for clarity, length, accuracy and style.