Love isn’t the only drug of choice this Valentine’s Day. Nearly 150 million Americans plan on embracing the bong along with their special someone — or gifting a cannabis “flower” bouquet — this Valentine’s Day, a new survey found. “We partake often, and we connect in a different way for sure when high,” said Emily, a 35-year-old who plans on smoking a bowl with her partner after seeing Phantom of the Opera this Tuesday. “It enhances stuff that’s already fun.” Luis Cantillo, 32, former co-owner of the cannabis lifestyle brand Buddy’s Bodega, said that while he’s expected to get his partner the standard fare of chocolates, he’s also considering getting a special pre-rolled joint. “Just being in the [cannabis] space, you end up with a partner that enjoys the same thing,” he said, adding that the pair will probably end up smoking together before going out on a dinner date. More than 35 million people nationwide think smoking weed helps with sparking romance, according to Wired Research. Over 32 million say lighting up gives them a boost in the bedroom. “I’ve heard it helps with the sex life, makes you melt like an iceberg,” said New School student Jackie McVorran, 19,  who plans on elevating her budding romance with Bucky Baldwin, 19, by blazing together for the first time this holiday. Successful legalization efforts in states like New York and New Jersey are likely driving the changing attitudes around toking on Valentine’s Day. They surveyors noted that 66% of respondents in the Northeast and 61% out West were open to ganja gifts on Valentine’s Day, compared to 55% and 63% in the Midwest and South. It’s no shocker that Gen Z and millennials are far more likely than Gen Xers and Boomers to dabble with pot as part of their Valentine’s Day plans, although some young lovers are still a little old-fashioned. “I’d still like to get roses,” laughed Foster Johnson-Lewis, 19, who personally abstains from getting smoking pot to get high. Still, she is considering getting her partner a heart-shaped bong, if her budget permits. Parents are more likely to give or smoke weed this holiday compared to their childless counterparts, the survey found. Sari Cooper, director of the Center for Love and Sex in NYC, suggested this is because they are parents are looking to “get out of their responsible parent mode to a frisky mood.” Loners also have V-day plans with their “buds.” “I don’t have a partner, but I do have plenty of weed,” laughed lawyer Kevin Schneider, 37, who is planning on “ripping a joint, old-fashioned style” with single friends on Tuesday. If he does manage to lock down a Valentine’s date though, he added: “I’d love it if they gave me some weed.”