The money train is back! Gov. Kathy Hochul proposed giving the Metropolitan Transportation Authority a rescue package worth as much as $1.6 billion on Wednesday, answering the agency’s prayers for a bailout. MTA officials have said that without an injection of new funding, they would be forced to slash subway, bus and commuter railroad service to compensate for dramatic declines in ridership — and farebox revenues — since the coronavirus pandemic erupted. However, Hochul’s budget briefing shows that the governor will not press the MTA for savings beyond those already promised by the agency — despite investigations by The Post and other news organizations that revealed it has the highest costs in the nation. “For many, many New Yorkers, the MTA is their lifeblood,” the governor told reporters during her budget rollout in Albany. “If we don’t invest in that, we won’t be looked at favorably by future generations.” Hochul’s package, rolled out in her record $227 billion budget proposal, would be funded by: Additionally, Hochul’s budget includes a one-time injection of $300 million to further stabilize the agency’s finances this coming year. The package on its face appears to largely fill the MTA’s projected budget shortfalls, which were expected to potentially reach $1.6 billion by 2024 without new funding. “Governor Hochul has stepped up for millions of riders using the MTA’s subways, buses, and commuter railroads, preserving the frequent and reliable service that New Yorkers depend on,” said MTA chairman Janno Lieber in a statement. Even with the state aid, the agency said it would still need to hike fares and tolls by an average of 5.5 percent this summer. That could increase the cost of a swipe to $2.90.Mayor Eric Adams signaled late Wednesday that he wasn’t yet on board with Hochul’s proposed $500 million jump in city support for the MTA. “[W]hile we recognize the significant fiscal challenges the MTA faces, we are concerned that this increased commitment could further strain our already-limited resources,” Hizzoner said in a press release that claimed City Hall already provides $2 billion in funding and other services to the authority. A source close to the talks was more blunt, calling the proposal “totally unfair.”“At the end of the day, the MTA is a state authority so it’s the state’s responsibility to close budget gaps, not the city,” the person added. Good government groups, business groups and straphanger advocates lauded Hochul for proposing new long-term funding for the MTA, but criticized her for not tying the new money to requirements that the behemoth become more efficient or transparent. So far, MTA officials have promised to find $400 million in savings from trims and reforms by 2024 without cutting overall service levels. That accounts for just two percent of the $16.5 billion the agency expects to spend on operations alone that year. A recent Post investigation uncovered $385 million annually that the MTA’s commuter railroads — predominantly the Long Island Rail Road — waste through overstaffing, mismanagement and failure to win changes to decades-old work rules in labor agreements. As a result, suburban commuters pay some of the nation’s highest fares, suffer long waits for trains — particularly during off-peak times, and the railroads consume cash that could go to fund expansions of city bus and subway service. “Everyone is being asked to do something except labor — and they’re not contributing,” said Andrew Rein, the executive director of the Citizens Budget Commission. “There’s no question that we should not be spending a premium for service that should be higher quality and lower cost.” “The key to that is labor agreeing to change the way it operates and management focused on improving those operations,” he added. The head of the Big Apple’s preeminent business group, the Partnership for New York City, echoed that assessment. “New York has the highest taxes in the nation, so we are not advocates of raising any tax,” said Kathryn Wylde, the president of PNY. “That said, if accompanied by reforms that reduce costs of MTA operations, the Governor’s proposal is preferable to raising fares when we are struggling to increase bus and subway ridership.” However, the governor’s budget left some transit activists calling for more — including adding $300 million annually to fund running trains on every subway line at least every six minutes. Hochul’s budget also promises that the MTA will continue to move ahead on several major expansion projects, including: The new service is modeled, in part, off of a similar conversion of freight tracks to passenger service in London, called the Overground. Preliminary plans call for the construction of 19 stations on the line, which would link together many neighborhoods that are poorly served by the existing subway system — including Borough Park, Midwood, East Flatbush, East New York, Bushwick, Ridgewood, Middle Village, Maspeth and Elmhurst. It is expected to carry more than 100,000 passengers daily. – Additional reporting by Bernadette Hogan