In 1963, The Beach Boys had their first of many number one hits when “Surfin’ U.S.A.” rose to the top of the Billboard charts. 60 years later, the group is still touring their timeless music. Led by original member Mike Love, the band will bring classic songs like “Good Vibrations,” “Wouldn’t It Be Nice,” “I Get Around,” “Fun, Fun, Fun,” “Barbara Ann” and countless others to major venues all over the U.S. from February through September. That includes one stop in the northeast when The Beach Boys drop into Asbury Park, NJ’s Sea.Hear.Now Music Festival on Sept. 16-17 alongside headliners like Foo Fighters and The Killers. Plus, there’s a very real possibility that “Full House” star John Stamos may appear onstage at the concert of your choosing. And we’re getting good vibrations from the prices to see the Rock and Roll Hall of Famers on the road this year. At the time of publication, we found some tickets going for as low as $37 before fees on Vivid Seats. Not a bad price to be transported to the summer, no matter what the season is. Want to see The Beach Boys live this year? Here’s everything you need to know to make that happen.  A complete calendar including all tour dates, venues and links to the best ticket prices available can be found below. (Note: The New York Post confirmed all above prices at the publication time. All prices are subject to fluctuation and include additional fees at checkout.) Vivid Seats is a verified secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand. They offer a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and your tickets will be delivered prior to the event.  On a mid-September weekend, The Beach Boys will hit Asbury Park’s actual beach when they play the surf-centric Sea.Hear.Now Festival at North Beach Asbury Park. Major acts joining them on the bill include Weezer, Sheryl Crow, Nathaniel Rateliff and the Night Sweats, Greta Van Fleet and Mt. Joy. And there will be actual surfers on hand too. You can snag tickets for the two-day extravaganza as early as today here.  It may seem unbelievable but The Beach Boys have played over 7,100 shows (!) in their 62 years of existence. So, we’ll give them a pass when they play nearly the same set every night these days — if it ain’t broke, don’t fix it. Here’s what you’ll likely see when they perform their thorough, career-spanning set at a venue near you this year. 01.) “Do It Again”02.) “Surfin’ Safari”03.) “Catch a Wave”04.) “Hawaii”05.) “It’s OK”06.) “California Sun” (Joe Jones cover)07.) “Little Honda”08.) “Rockaway Beach” (Ramones cover)09.) “Surfin’ U.S.A.”10.) “Surfer Girl”11.) “Getcha Back”12.) “Good to My Baby”13.) “When I Grow Up (to Be a Man)”14.) “Darlin'”15.) “Be True to Your School”16.) “Don’t Worry Baby”17.) “Little Deuce Coupe”18.) “409”19.) “Shut Down”20.) “I Get Around” 21.) “California Dreamin'” (The Mamas & the Papas cover)22.) “California Girls”23.) “Sloop John B”24.) “Wouldn’t It Be Nice”25.) “In My Room”26.) “Disney Girls” 27.) “God Only Knows”28.) “Here Comes the Sun” (The Beatles cover)29.) “Sail On Sailor”30.) “Then I Kissed Her”31.) “Dance, Dance, Dance”32.) “Do You Wanna Dance?” (Bobby Freeman cover)33.) “Rock and Roll Music” (Chuck Berry cover)34.) “Help Me, Rhonda”35.) “Kokomo”36.) “Good Vibrations” Encore: 37.) “Barbara Ann” (The Regents cover)38.) “Fun, Fun, Fun” Courtesy of Set List FM.  When your group has been around 60+ years, there’s bound to be a bit of shakeup. Although original members Brian Wilson and Al Jardine aren’t playing with the group live this year, here’s who you will probably see alongside Mike Love at the concert of your choosing (and maybe John Stamos too). Bruce Johnston – vocals, keyboards, bass, guitar, percussion Tim Bonhomme – keyboards Scott Totten – vocals, guitar, bass, ukulele, percussion, musical director John Cowsill Christian Love – vocals, guitar Brian Eichenberger – vocals, guitar, bass Randy Leago – saxophones, flutes, harmonicas, percussion Keith Hubacher – bass  We’ve got a hunch that if you’ve read this far, you love music. If that’s the case, here are just five other tours you won’t want to miss this year. • Bruce Springsteen and the E Street Band • Dead and Company featuring John Mayer • Jimmy Buffett • The Eagles • Billy Joel with Stevie Nicks Looking for even more music in your life? Check out our list of the 52 biggest concert tours in 2023 here.