As we have our eyes on the hottest spring fashion drops, we can’t help but double-tap and obsess over maxi dresses. Much like waitlist-inducing midi dresses and cocktail dresses (oh, and the white dresses that’ll take you from springtime to summertime real quick), these dresses are not only vacation-ready but also a wonderful option for special occasions. Not to mention, they’ll keep you a bit warm thanks to their length, offering a flow-y, easy-breezy option that’s akin to some of your most-worn jumpsuits hanging in your wardrobe. We researched a rotisserie of retailers to rack up the 28 best maxi dresses of 2023 that you can add to cart, order and show off ASAP. With these styles, you’ll be dreaming of the sunnier days ahead. Before shopping our picks, click to visit some of our favorite retailers for maxi dresses: Amazon, Anthropologie, Free People, Kohl’s, Lulus, Macys, Petal & Pup, Revolve, SHEIN. Available on Amazon with more than 60,000 rave reviews, the VIISHOW Maxi Dress comes with pockets (#win) and can be dressed up or down — perfect for a daytime brunch of backyard party. Plus, it comes in a variety of colors and prints to suit your style. We’re glossing over the Newshows V-Neck Split Maxi Dress, and can’t believe it’s less than $50. With your favorite pair of strappy sandals and a sworn-in favorite designer clutch to match, you have yourself a winner. ANRABESS is a sought-after brand on Amazon (according to the retailer’s influencer, Lulu Prime), and we can’t get over how casual yet chic its Sleeveless Maxi Dress is. For less than $40, you’ll want to grab every color. If you’re on the hunt for a newly minted work dress to break in during the week, the PRETTYGARDEN Ruffle Tiered Maxi Dress fits the bill. Not only is it wonderful for transitional weather but it’ll look *extra* cute with some white shoes. We’re constantly daydreaming of the boho vibe (you know, the aesthetic you see all over Pinterest), and the Ferlema Lace Boho Maxi Dress is one of our favorite styles. Not only is its stretchy ribbed material comfortable and flattering but you’ll love its color variety, too. The Lulus Lilja Maxi Dress makes us feel like we’re at the Italian Riviera — and we can’t stop staring at it. Regardless of where you show it off, you’ll receive tons of compliments (trust us on this one). Macy’s is one of the best retailers we found for plus-size maxi dresses, and its NY Collection Ruched Empire Maxi Dress is one of the most fashion-forward we clicked on. For less than $50, you’ll want to add it to your cart ASAP for your next occasion. Ready for the resort? SHEIN’s Floral Print Split Thigh Cami Dress offers that bold pop of color with an on-trend flower pattern, perfect for your next warm-weather photoshoot. Plus, you can’t go wrong with a little bit of a slit. Though dubbed a ‘gown’ and not a ‘dress,’ the NBD June Gown still goes to the floor, making it an elevated maxi in our book. With a subtle cut-out detail, you’ll be turning heads at your next formal function. As one of our favorite styles we’ve been wearing IRL, Petal & Pup’s Annie Dress is dainty, has that girly, feminine flair and is one of the most flattering. With some Amazon jewelry and nude heels, you’re golden. Anthropologie doesn’t just sell the coveted Gleaming Primrose Mirror (though we’re obsessed). It offers a wealthy soiree of dresses, including the Tiered Flutter-Sleeve Dress that’s generously size-inclusive. It’s worth investing in, for sure. Free People is the Queen of Boho, and its Endless Summer Santa Maria Maxi Dress is no exception. Plus, we especially have our eyes on this jewel tone for the warmer seasons ahead. For a quick and easy slip-on that’s still super cute, grab the SO Juniors’ Tiered Print Maxi Dress. It’s perfect for a day at the boardwalk or a trip outside when you’re not wanting to wear shorts. We feel like we just landed on the New Mexico fashion landscape with these bold colors (not to mention, we’re beyond obsessed). From its flutter sleeves to lavish print, the Bar III Plus Size V-Neck Maxi Dress receives our stamp of approval. For a satin dress that’s photo-ready, you can’t skip out on the Lulus Still the One Satin Maxi Dress. For less than $100, it’s a stunning option for your honeymoon, next girls’ trip or outdoor affair. Perfect for work or a daytime party alike, the Ditsy Floral Puff Sleeve Belted Shirt Dress nods to classic, preppy style while being budget-friendly. Plus, the red and black colorway is flattering on any skin tone. Business in the front, party in the back. The SNDYS Peaches Linen Dress is one of the most affordable fashions sold at Revolve, comes in an unbeatable color and salutes the sworn-in linen dress trend we saw everywhere last year. For $75, it’s worth the spend. This dress is giving coastal restaurant, and we’re here for it. The Posy Maxi Dress at Petal & Pup even doubles as a swimsuit cover-up, making it a double whammy for your online shopping cart. First things first, we love this neutral leaf pattern. Secondly, it’s one of the more casual but one of the most practical; we foresee you reaching for the Malai Untamed Loner Maxi Dress often. Serving stunning lady in red vibes, the Freya Maxi Dress is an investment — for sure — but will come to be one of your favorite maxi dresses in your wardrobe. With some gold jewelry, the whole look will be *chef’s kiss*. Color us obsessed with this lavender style available Kohl’s. From its straight silhouette to subtle texture, it’s the perfect easy-breezy option for the summertime, weather you’re off to dinner or to an afternoon tea with friends. If you don’t want to wear a cocktail dress, opt for the Lulus Good Times Only One-Shoulder Maxi Dress, an adored option that has everything we love: one-shoulder detailing, a slit and a minimalist lean. Modest is hottest, and so is the Allover Print Bishop Sleeve Ruffle Hem Belted Dress that’s, impressively, less than $25. We adore its fine detailing, bow-tie design and flouncy sleeves for a supreme girly look. Hello, dynamite prints. We can’t stop looking at the Maaji Glaring Maxi Dress — the bold style you need for the spring and summer season. It’s a party in a dress, and will look great with any accessories you choose. Flattering, cute and lightweight, the Yelena Dress is an elevated version of the slug-collar, satin styles we’ve been seeing all over the internet. Plus, its garden vibe is making us add it to our personal wishlist. We’re berry obsessed with the Endless Summer Look Into the Sun Maxi Dress. With its slit and intricate front detailing, this style is all the rage. Tapping into linen, DKNY knows what’s versatile with its Linen V-Neck Maxi Dress. It’s available in a few colors and is one of the easiest to dress up or down — depending on how you’ll be sporting it. Reese Witherspoon not only spearheads her monthly book club but she’s also the face behind Draper James, which is offered at Kohl’s. If you love all things pink, grab this Flutter Sleeve Wrap Maxi Dress before it’s gone. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.