“F–k around” and find out? That’s what appeared to happen to a heckler when he approached former UFC champion Dustin Poirier at a Mardi Gras parade in Louisiana with a sign that said, “Hey Dustin, your wife’s in my DM’s.” The bearded man, who appeared to have a friend film the interaction, approached the car in which Poirier was riding and showed him the sign. After Poirier studied the sign for a moment, he motioned to the man, appearing to offer a high five. But when the heckler leaned in, Poirier smacked him across the face. The sign may have been a callback to Conor McGregor saying something similar following a 2019 fight, in which the Irishman broke his tibia, forcing doctors to call the fight. “Your wife is in my DMs. Hey baby, hit me back up and I’ll chat to you later on,” McGregor said. “We’ll be having an afterparty at the Wynn nightclub baby.” Jolie Poirier responded by giving McGregor the middle finger. Many other fighting pros sounded off on the Mardi Gras scene on Twitter, praising Poirier for acting against the heckler. “People are getting way too comfortable being disrespectful. Good s–t slapping him @DustinPoirier,” MMA pro Adrian Yañez tweeted. “Don’t f–k around and you won’t find out. Clown this is real life not the internet,” Jack “Tank” Shore added. Jolie posted a photo from their perch at the parade, which also featured the couple’s young daughter. The young girl can be seen waving in the the video, making the man’s sign gesture even more distasteful. “Happy Mardi Gras Louisiana!!!” Jolie wrote on Instagram. “Thank you Youngsville for all of the love & support! We had a great time celebrating with everyone and thank you Mayor Kenny Ritter for the invite! You definitely know how to throw a parade.” Dustin and Jolie have known each other since middle school and got married in 2019. Luckily for the heckler, it didn’t appear Poirier, who is currently No. 12 in the UFC’s pound-for-pound rankings, got a clean hit on his face. Still, perhaps the clout-chaser learned a lesson about real life not being the same as the internet.