Gisele Bündchen is enjoying her independence. The supermodel — whose divorce from Tom Brady was finalized in October — is focused on herself and “is fine with his decisions but is not involved with them,” a source told People. Bündchen publicly supported Brady after the seven-time Super Bowl winner announced he is retiring “for good” on Wednesday — writing on Instagram: “Wishing you only wonderful things in this new chapter of your life,” along with a prayer hands emoji. “Gisele moved on with her life quite a while ago and is happy about whatever Tom chooses to do with his life now,” the source told the outlet — adding the mother-of-two is “extremely busy in her career and life” and is “optimistic about her future” following the divorce. In this new chapter, both Brady, 45, and Bündchen, 42, are “interested in keeping life as happy and normal as possible for the kids.” The NFL legend and Victoria’s Secret alum have two children together: daughter Vivian, 10, and 13-year-old son Benjamin. Brady also has a 15-year-old son Jack with his ex, actress Bridget Moynahan. “The welfare and happiness of the children” remain Bündchen’s top priority, the source told People. “Keeping a positive attitude about Tom and her career is part of what you do as a parent. They are sharing their kids and spreading the love between them so they grow up as normal kids with two caring parents.” Bündchen reportedly is also “very grateful” that she and Brady have decided on Miami as a “home base” for their family. Following their divorce, Brady rented a luxury apartment — worth a reported $70,000 a month — in the exclusive Surfside area, according to Page Six. Brady, who has been hanging out with local pals, including David Beckham, is focused on his children and has not yet entered the dating scene. “No, he isn’t formally dating anyone right now,” an insider told Page Six. “His friends want to set him up, but he’s all about the kids.” Brady has been quietly preparing for a whole new life in Miami since he and Bündchen announced their divorce in October amid the quarterback’s 23rd NFL season. “Brady gave everything he had to his final NFL season, but now he’s ready to give everything to his family and his new life,” a source told Page Six. “His kids ultimately were the reason why he made this decision. “He never thought that he and Gisele would get divorced. He didn’t want a divorce.” The couple went their separate ways after 13 years of marriage. Page Six was the first to report their marital troubles in September. Brady’s retirement announcement came after he attended the premiere of “80 For Brady” in Los Angeles, his first red carpet appearance since the divorce. Following a prolific NFL career, Brady will now join Fox Sports as their lead NFL analyst on a monster $375 million contract he secured in May.