Ladies and gentlemen, it’s time to “Listen to the Music.” Legendary Rock and Roll Hall of Famers The Doobie Brothers have just announced plans to tour all over the U.S. in 2023 as part of their ongoing ’50th Anniversary Tour’ from May through October. This time around, original members Michael McDonald, Tom Johnston, Pat Simmons and John McFee will hit venues that they missed when they first celebrated their half century together last summer. That includes huge New Jersey shows at New Brunswick’s State Theatre on July 8 and July 9 and Morristown’s Mayo Performing Arts Center on July 11 and July 12. Michael McDonald and co. will close their 35-concert trek at Atlantic City’s Hard Rock Hotel and Casino on Oct. 8. And if you want to snag tickets to see the “China Grove” classic rockers live this summer, you can as early as today. Although inventory isn’t available on Ticketmaster until Friday, March 3 (and in some cases, March 10), fans who want to ensure they have tickets ahead of time can purchase on sites like Vivid Seats before tickets are officially on sale. Vivid Seats is a secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand. They have a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and will be delivered before the event.  The Doobie Brothers will take their tour “to the streets” starting on May 2 at the Maui Arts and Cultural Center in Kahului, HI. From there, they’ll rock on down the highway in major cities like Kansas City, MO (June 14), Madison, WI (June 21), Lincoln, NE (Aug. 20), Charleston, SC (Sept. 9) and Washington, D.C. (Oct. 4). A complete calendar including all tour dates, venues, show start times and links to buy tickets can be found here.  When you have as many interesting hits as The Doobie Brothers — we can’t get enough of “Black Water” — it’s hard to construct a set list. However, it looks like the band has settled on one they like quite a bit that pays homage to their impressive catalog. Take a look below to see what the band played at most shows on tour in 2022. 01.) “Nobody”02.) “Take Me in Your Arms (Rock Me a Little While)” (Kim Weston cover)03.) “Here to Love You”04.) “Dependin’ on You”05.) “Rockin’ Down the Highway”06.) “You Belong to Me”07.) “Easy”08.) “South City Midnight Lady”09.) “Clear as the Driven Snow”10.) “It Keeps You Runnin'”11.) “Another Park, Another Sunday”12.) “Eyes of Silver”13.) “Better Days”14.) “Don’t Ya Mess With Me”15.) “Real Love”16.) “World Gone Crazy”17.) “Minute by Minute”18.) “Without You”19.) “Jesus Is Just Alright” (The Art Reynolds Singers cover)20.) “What a Fool Believes” (Kenny Loggins cover)21.) “Long Train Runnin'”22.) “China Grove” Encore: 23.) “Black Water”24.) “Takin’ It to the Streets”25.) “Listen to the Music” The above set list was courtesy of Set List FM; their site features an archive of all Doobie Brothers concerts dating all the way back to a February 1971 gig at Saint Francis High School in Mountain View, CA, USA.  For the first time in 25 years, the founding Doobie Brothers have been reunited. The San Jose-based band today consists of lead singer Michael McDonald and guitarists om Johnston, Pat Simmons and John McFee. That’s not the whole band though. These days, the core quartet are joined by touring musicians John Cowan (bass, vocals), Marc Russo (saxophones), Ed Toth (drums), and Marc Quiñones (percussion).  Many acts that have been hoofing it for a half century are out and about this year. Here are just five of our favorite classic rockers that may be coming to a city near you in the next few months. • Bruce Springsteen and the E Street Band • Ringo Starr • Dead and Company featuring John Mayer • The Eagles • Billy Joel with Stevie Nicks Want more classic rock in your life? Check out our list of the 22 biggest classic rockers on tour in 2023 here.