GLENDALE, Ariz. — If survival in the NFL is an art form, Jeff Stoutland’s body of work should be put on display in Canton, Ohio, at the Pro Football Hall of Fame. Stoutland, the Eagles’ offensive line coach of the past 10 years, is the ultimate NFL survivor. And he’s an artist of sorts, the architect and caretaker of a Philadelphia offensive line that may be the key to the Eagles winning Super Bowl 2023 over the Chiefs on Sunday. He was plucked out of the college ranks in 2013 by then-head coach Chip Kelly, three Eagles’ head coaches ago. An assistant coach surviving one head-coaching change is rare. An assistant coach surviving two head-coaching changes is almost unheard of. “It speaks to his value,’’ Kansas City offensive line coach Andy Heck told The Post of Stoutland’s staying power. “Having a guy that can get the kind of production he gets out of that group, be a steady force in there for them, that’s valuable. Of course, I’m biased because I’m an O-line coach, but I don’t think O-line coaches grow on trees. So, when they’ve got a good one, they should think about keeping him around.’’ Three Philadelphia head coaches have, and the payoff has been consistently one of the best offensive lines in the league. This has been some week for Stoutland, a Staten Island native who went to high school at Port Richmond and has never lost his distinct New York accent. He was signed to a contract extension early in the week, turned 61 on Friday and will coach in his second Super Bowl on Sunday. But Stoutland — a noted no-nonsense, tough-guy coach — is hardly focused on himself this week. It’s about his players, who bring out the soft spot in him. “They’re a special group,” Stoutland said this week. “I love them with all my heart.” The feeling is mutual. The man is revered by the men he coaches and by many of his opposing contemporaries, such as Heck. Said Jordan Mailata, a former Australian rugby player whom Stoutland has developed into one of the best left tackles in the league: “I owe everything’’ to Stoutland. “He’s been the most influential coach I’ve ever had in my life,’’ Mailata added. “He’s taught me everything I need to know how to play the position, and how to be a good person in the locker room and how to be a great teammate. You can sit in the classroom all day and not learn anything, but ‘Stout’ would take you outside and make sure you learn. “Every player has a different learning style. He respect players’ learning styles and he tries to figure those out early on, so he knows how to coach everybody up.’’ It was Mailata who, when introducing himself during a game on NBC’s “Sunday Night Football,” affectionately stated he was from “Jeff Stoutland University.’’ “Because I didn’t go to college and didn’t have one to shout out,’’ Mailata said. Eagles center Jason Kelce has been coached by Stoutland his entire 10 seasons with the Eagles, and he wouldn’t have it any other way. “He’s just an unbelievable coach, an unbelievable mentor and an unbelievable teacher,’’ Kelce said. “Stoutland has been here for 10 years now, and this is his third head coach he’s been here with. That’s not common in the NFL, when there’s coaching changes that you retain somebody that many times.’’ There’s a reason for that. Not only is Stoutland, but also he’s one of the best at what he does. For recency purposes, go back to the Eagles’ two postseason wins that got them to this Super Bowl. Their offensive line was the key to both wins, over the Giants in the divisional round and the 49ers in the NFC Championship game. Go back to Stoutland’s first season in Philadelphia. Eagles running back LeSean McCoy led the NFL with 1,607 rushing yards, shattering the single-season franchise record. The team went from 4-12 the season before to 10-6 and won the NFC East. Stoutland has been a core driving force in Philadelphia’s success over the past decade. Many Eagles fans don’t view Kelly, the former head coach, with a lot of reverence, but Kelly did give the organization a gift: Stoutland. When Kelly was fired in the middle of the 2015 season and replaced by Doug Pederson, the new coach retained Stoutland. When Pederson and the Eagles divorced after the 2020 season and Nick Sirianni was hired, Sirianni retained Stoutland. “ ‘Stout’ loves football,’’ Sirianni said. “He’s always here. He’s always working. He’s relentless.’’ Brian Baldinger, a former NFL offensive lineman who now works as an analyst for the NFL Network, lives in the Philadelphia area, has known Stoutland for years. He marvels at Stoutland’s consistency. “He’s been there 10 years and he looks like and sounds like exactly the same guy,’’ Baldinger told The Post. “He doesn’t look like he’s aged much. He’s as enthusiastic about it as the day he first got there with Chip. He’s just got that New York attitude. It never leaves him. He’s very direct. Nothing gets sugarcoated.’’ Stoutland may be tough on his players, but he doesn’t turn them off with his style. They embrace the grind. “He coaches really hard and he’s relentless on these guys,’’ Baldinger said. “But they know he’s going to make them better.’’