Jason Kelce’s wife could overshadow his second Super Bowl appearance. The Eagles center and his wife, Kylie McDevitt, are expecting their third child together, and since it’s possible she could give birth during the Super Bowl against the Chiefs in Glendale, Arizona on Feb. 12, they are bringing McDevitt’s ob-gyn to the big game. “Kylie’s bringing her OB because she’s going to be 38 weeks pregnant at the game,” Jason told his younger brother, Chiefs tight end Travis Kelce, during the Feb. 1 episode of their “New Heights” podcast. “That could be a super Kelce Bowl. If she has a baby in the stadium, it’s officially scripted.” Travis laughed and said, “Dude, dude!…We’re in ‘The Matrix.’ There’s no f–king way.” Jason added that he’s bringing Kylie’s parents, along with his and his wife’s daughters: Elliotte Ray, 22 months, and Wyatt, 3. The couple, who’s been married for five years, has another girl on the way. “If [the baby] comes at the Super Bowl, I will start to believe the NFL is scripted. No doubt about it,” Jason said Thursday, during a separate appearance on the “Angelo Cataldi and the Morning Team” show on Philadelphia’s 94WIP. Jason, 35, and Travis, 33, will become the first siblings to face off in the Super Bowl, and the rare situation has left their family playfully divided. “Are mom and dad [Donna and Ed Kelce] sitting on your sideline? Are they sitting on my sideline?” Jason asked, to which Travis replied: “We do have to figure that out because we each get a certain amount of tickets, and I feel like you’re going to have more of a family-oriented thing.” Meanwhile, their mom, Donna, said the game will come down to “bragging rights” in the family. Both Jason and Travis already have one championship ring apiece. “It’s gonna be really tough but I’m just gonna cheer my head off when the offense is on the field,” Donna Kelce told The Post’s Steve Serby. “So I’m gonna be screaming the entire game. I’m gonna root for both of ’em to score. A lot. “Somebody’s gonna go home a loser for sure, and one of ’em’s gonna be heartbroken because they didn’t beat their brother. That’s what it’s gonna come down to, it’s gonna come down to bragging rights.” Jason’s Eagles defeated the 49ers in the NFC Championship game on Sunday, before Travis and the Chiefs won the AFC title against the Bengals.