New York Post readers can get an incredible new customer offer with the Caesars Sportsbook promo code NPBONUSFULL. New customers can use the promo code to make a first bet up to $1,250 on Caesars, and if the bet loses, that same amount is returned back as bet credits. For example, if someone signs up and places an initial wager for $150 that loses — they would still get back $150 in bet credits, and so on up to $1,250. Click the button below to learn more about Caesars’ offer ahead of the NBA All-Star Game. The new customer offer is works for any sport on Caesars. New customers on Caesars can apply promo code NPBONUSFULL to get up to $1,250 in bet credits. All it takes is a first bet of $10 or more, and you don’t have to worry about losing your money because the amount wagered on losing bets gets returned back in bet credits. If you win, you receive your winnings just like normal. The promo code NPBONUSFULL also allows users to get 1,000 Tier credits and 1,000 Reward credits just for signing up. The basketball world has convened in Salt Lake City for NBA All-Star Weekend and the fun concludes on Sunday night with the NBA All-Star Game. All-Star games are always high-scoring affairs and this game should be no different. Caesars Sportsbook lists the total at 325 points, and while it is usually more fun to bet the over, I think the under is the play here based on historical precedent. In the five previous editions of player-led All-Star teams (Team LeBron, Team Durant, etc.), only one of those games has gone over 325 total points. The games are certainty high-scoring, but 325 is a very high number to clear. It should also be noted that some of the league’s best scorers won’t play despite making the All-Star Game. Stephen Curry, Kevin Durant and Zion Williamson will each miss the game due to various injuries. It is very tempting to take the over in an NBA All-Star Game because the scoring is so prevalent, but 325 total points is just too much given how past games have finished. Take the under with promo code NPBONUSFULL for a risk-free bet on Caesars. 21+. Available in AZ, CO, IA, IL, IN, KS, LA, MI, NJ, NY, TN, VA, WV only. Full T&C apply. Who doesn’t like a little extra bang for their buck? Caesars Profit Boosts increase the net winnings of your bet by a given percentage and can be applied to all sorts of bets. Profit Boosts can be used on straight bets (money line, spread, total) and parlays, but there are also boosts that are exclusively for straight bets only, parlays only, or even parlays with a set number of legs. Profit Boosts can be applied to a variety of sports and bet types, but only those available will appear in your bet slip. Make sure to look for any profit boosts in your ‘Bonus Drawer’ on Caesars Sportsbook.