The look is more dystopian than posh. Victoria Beckham is receiving flak over a photo she shared on Instagram of Drew Barrymore wearing what commenters described as “Handmaid’s Tale” garb. In the image, the actress, 48, is outfitted in a green head scarf to match her moss-colored, long-sleeve frock underneath. The pieces are part of Beckham’s upcoming autumn/winter 2023 collection that will be presented at Paris fashion week in the coming days. While some followers praised Beckham’s eye, others cringed. “Love Drew but very Handmaid’s Tale,” wrote one confused user, referencing the popular novel-turned-series. “Can’t decide if this is trying to send a message or not.” “Looks like a modern #handsmaidtale,” wrote another person, while someone else commented the show’s oft-said quote, “Under his eye.” “Going to be huge in Gilead,” someone else referenced the show, which features women in long red cloaks and modest clothing. “It’s giving Little Edie!” chimed in another, referencing Edith Bouvier Beale, the late model and cousin to former first lady Jacqueline Onassis. Barrymore even played extreme hoarder “Little Edie” in a 2009 film based on the 1975 “Grey Gardens” documentary. “I can’t tell if this is meant to be funny,” chimed in someone else. “Why would you put beautiful Drew in this get-up,” another shocked user inquired. “Escaping the Irish famine couture,” quipped another. “I’d like to have a serious word with the stylist,” chided one angry person. “What a wasted opportunity. This is Drew F’ing Barrymore. If you going to iconic, then really go for it. Otherwise go beautiful. This is neither.” “I normally love VB designs but this season is just not wearable?” one shocked user noted. “This looks like a Renaissance painting and I love it!” applauded one lone fan. The Post has reached out to Beckham’s and Barrymore’s representatives for comment. Posh Spice’s luxe line of clothing has fallen under scrutiny in recent years, namely for using “sickly” skinny models for ads. In 2018, thin-framed model Giedre Dukauskaite appeared in the designer’s advertisement for the spring/summer eyewear collection, drawing criticism. It wasn’t until last year that Beckham finally included diverse size offerings after her collections historically retailed in limited sizes. In 2022, she launched the VB Body dress, which ran from XS to XXL, touting the sculpting frock online with a photo of curvy model Shareefa J in the piece.