A Michigan woman diagnosed with spindle cell sarcoma says she’s making a fortune flaunting her body on the adult entertainment website OnlyFans. Mya Richardson, 21, learned she was stricken with the rare form of cancer last September, reporting she subsequently underwent four sessions of chemotherapy and 25 sessions of radiotherapy. The treatments caused the content creator’s hair to fall out — and she was shocked to learn that OnlyFans subscribers swooned over her new image. “I have cancer, but I’m still hot,” the brave beauty told SWNS. “Men love the bald look.” The money-making Michigander was already creating content on OnlyFans prior to her cancer diagnosis — but Richardson believed her harrowing health news would destroy her income stream. The young, adult star — who says she is still in constant pain amid her ongoing cancer battle — is more popular than ever, reportedly raking in an impressive $80,000 in the past year. “I’m still able to support myself and my family,” she declared. “I’m a very confident person.” Richardson said she was initially scared to reveal the cancer news to her paying subscribers and tried to conceal her health battle in the content shared on the site. “At first I used to wear wigs for content as I was worried about what people may think,” she explained. “I worried about how losing my hair would have an effect on me mentally as my job depends on my appearance” However, the young woman eventually worked up the courage to pose without any disguises, receiving positive feedback. “I post a lot without my wig now,” she swooned. “Lots of them [subscribers] offer support.” Richardson says she had been suffering from a pain on the left side of her body since she was 15, but her symptoms were consistently dismissed as “unbalanced hips.” However, when a lump appeared on her lower abdomen last year, the OnlyFans star was referred to a specialist. A biopsy revealed a 12-centimeter mass, which was diagnosed as spindle cell sarcoma —  a tumor that can develop in the bone or soft tissue. According to the American Cancer Society, the five-year survival rate for sarcoma is 80%, as long as the cancer is limited to the part of the body where it originated. Thankfully for Richardson, doctors have reportedly been able to stop the spread of the cancer to her lungs due to aggressive chemotherapy and radiation treatments. However, the huge tumor still remains on the youngster’s back. She is scheduled to have it removed next month. “I will then be in remission for two years after but it’s common for the cancer to come back,” she admitted. However, the star won’t stop sharing content on OnlyFans and is thrilled that subscribers are continuing to stand by her amid the ongoing adversity.