Paige Spiranac hit Phil Mickelson with a low blow. The golf influencer took a savage jab at the LIV Golf player over his tweet ripping Sam Ryder’s outfit at the Farmers Insurance Open last week — and Phil’s wife, Amy Mickelson, was collateral damage. “The Tour doesn’t allow shorts but does allow this week’s leader to wear joggers with ankle socks?” Mickelson tweeted Saturday about the PGA Tour event, which took place in San Diego. “Showing 4 inches of ankle? I’m no fashion guy, never will be, but there are some things I won’t ever understand.” Spiranac admittedly did not see the tweet because she said Mickelson has her blocked on Twitter — but that didn’t stop the Maxim cover model from hitting back at Mickelson. “Phil Mickelson, which I didn’t see because I’m blocked, but people were posting about it,” Spiranac said in the latest installment of her “Playing a Round” podcast. “Phil Mickelson even had this tweet saying, ‘How can you show four inches of skin?’ Also, if Phil thinks that’s four inches, I feel sorry for his wife.” Ryder finished tied for fourth at Torrey Pines, four strokes behind winner Max Homa. Last February, Spiranac shared on Twitter that Mickelson, married to Amy since 1996 with daughters Amanda and Sophia and son Evan, had blocked her. “He was showing maybe an inch of ankle, they weren’t super tight,” Spiranac said about Ryder’s attire. “I thought he looked good but it just shows how incredibly frustrating golf Twitter can be that they were so bothered by Sam Ryder wearing joggers.” Spiranac went on to denounce the strict rules about golf fashion, adding, “If there is anything slightly different in golf, everyone freaks out.” Spiranac also reposted a screen grab of a tweet by Mickelson on Thursday that read: “Ma’am, we are speaking guy talk. This isn’t directed towards you.” She captioned her tweet: “Sums up my life in the golf industry lol.” At the time, Mickelson was going back and forth with critics on Twitter. One person responded to his tweet about Ryder, writing: “How about you just worry about playing those 3 day captain’s choice tournaments and leave the real golf to the PGA.” Mickelson replied: “I agree. I’ve already won 45 of those PGA thingies. They were pretty easy. Captains choice tournaments (LIV EVENTS) are much tougher with such stronger fields. I haven’t even won one yet.” The 52-year-old Mickelson joined the Saudi-backed LIV Golf tour in June, along with a number of other top pros causing a major divide in the sport. Mickelson has indeed won 45 events on the PGA Tour, including six major championships — three Masters, two PGA Championships and one Open Championship. Mickelson has not yet addressed Spiranac’s comments publicly.