TikTok is tripping over a former couple’s decision to shack up together on vacation. A woman and her ex-boyfriend have gone viral on TikTok after it was revealed that they went on a trip to Bali, Indonesia, despite having broken up seven months earlier. According to TikToker Mimi, the duo went on the trip together because they were “both too stubborn” to give up the nonrefundable holiday. “When you booked a non-refundable Bali trip a year in advance but broke up 7 months ago,” reads the text in the first of several videos documenting the vacation. The TikTok — which was posted a week ago — has nearly 35 million views. “I’m out here watching tiktok and they living a romcom,” joked one user. “It’s the fact that you both still went,” chimed in a second person. “Y’all gonna come back married lmao,” said a third person. In a follow-up video, the TikToker shows off the villa where she and her ex — Wairua — were staying. “So we made it to Bali and there is just one problem,” said the content creator. “Our beautiful villa is only a one bedroom. “So you are sleeping on the couch,” continued Mimi, indicating her disgruntled-looking ex. Her ex then gets up and goes over to the too-small couch and lays down. The video also shows the villa’s pool and the beautiful canopy bed that Mimi allegedly was sleeping in without her former flame. Several commenters voiced their skepticism that the ex would be sleeping on the couch, claiming they had “seen this movie before.” Many of Mimi’s travel vlogs show the ex-partners being very cozy together on a motorcycle, working out in the gym and even sharing a bed while looking at Bali villas. This stunt has led several people to question when the couple would announce their engagement — something Mimi has said was never going to happen. They are not the first separated couple to go on a nonrefundable trip. In March 2022, a teenage Connecticut couple took a trip to Puerto Rico despite having broken up the previous month. Lydia Bird and Jaeden Lemelin, both 18, booked the trip for their spring break, never anticipating that their love bubble would pop. “Although I was excited, I was very hesitant to travel especially because the breakup was so new,” Bird admitted. “I am a firm believer that exes can be friends, but one month was a short time to make that transition.”