After a blockbuster Super Bowl LVII, Chiefs fans and feeling pretty good. At 27, QB Patrick Mahomes’ legacy was already set in stone, but this Super Bowl win, coming in not too long after his serious ankle injury, only added to it. Mahomes’ and the rest of the Chiefs kept us all on our toes, but the Eagles put up a good fight up until the thrilling end. Whether you support certain calls or not (anyone else having a little déjà vu?) we can all agree that this Super Bowl was one of the best we’ve seen in a while. All of that’s to say: Chiefs fans, it’s time to celebrate. Super Bowl LVII is over after broadcasting live from Glendale, Arizona, where we also learned that Half Time performer Rihanna is pregnant with her second. Before the buzz wears off, make sure you’re repping Kansas City’s latest gear with Fanatics officially-licensed jerseys, hats, T-shirts, and more. Below, we’ve rounded up our eight favorite pieces Kansas City merch. Read on, click through, and cheer on the Chiefs. Patrick Mahomes is the G.O.A.T. There is quite a bit of evidence pointing to it. Rep the star team’s star player with this Super Bowl LVII-branded Patrick Mahomes jersey, available for $150 on Fanatics. For the superfan collector, there’s the Travis Kelce Autographed Super Bowl Football. At $700, the price point will be prohibitive for many. But for those who want to own a piece of Super Bowl history, this rare find is for you. Can’t decide which item of Chiefs merch you want most? How about this sampler box from Fanatics, featuring a cap, coozies, a pennant, towel, stickers, and more? Some fans prefer a baseball cap, and some prefer a flat-top fitted hat. Rep the Chiefs in style with this New Era Fitted Chiefs hat, newly featuring a Super Bowl LVII patch, for just $44. Deck the whole family out in Chief’s merch in celebration of the Super Bowl winners with this Toddler’s AFC Champions-branded shirt, now just $25 from Fanatics. There’s merch you can wear, and there’s merch that you’ll never grow out of. Decorate your man cave with this framed 15-inch by 17-inch Chiefs AFC Champions Poster. This newly minted Chiefs AFC Champions hat is the perfect way to gloat, especially around any Bengals fans in your life. And at just $35, it’s also at the perfect price. This AFC Champions Pullover Hoodie is the perfect companion piece to AFC Championship hat. Plus, if you didn’t shell out to fly to Arizona for Super Bowl LVII, it’s guaranteed to keep you warm after the big mid-February showdown. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.