The father of Eunice Dwumfour, the New Jersey councilwoman gunned down last week near her Sayreville home in what appeared to be a targeted killing, said Tuesday morning his family is still in the dark about who shot his daughter and why. He also said authorities have yet to offer any updates about suspects, leads they are chasing or clues they have received. “So far, we haven’t heard anything yet,” Eunice’s dad, Prince Dwumfour, told The Post when asked if police had updated him about the case. In the six full days since Dwumfour’s bullet-riddled body was found slumped behind the wheel of her white Nissan SUV, neither local police nor the Middlesex County Prosecutor’s Office have communicated with the public where the investigation stands. The prosecutor’s office did not respond to multiple inquiries from The Post asking if police had any suspects or if the killer is at large and poses a threat to the public. A spokesperson only said there are “currently still no updates to report” because “the matter is still under investigation.” At the weekend a Facebook post from the Sayreville Police Department asked for residents who had security camera footage of the Camelot at La Mer complex where she lived from Feb. 1, between the hours of 6:30 p.m. to 8 p.m. The post also said police are looking for anyone who might have dashboard camera footage of their journeys along three roads — Ernston Road, Gondek Drive or Point of Woods Drive — during those same hours. Meanwhile, the councilwoman’s new husband made another cryptic Facebook post Monday in which he called his late wife an “angel” and said she promised to see him by May. “I know you breath through me I will continue to celebrate you as I have promised you I missed you my love,” wrote Eze Kings, Dwumfour’s Nigerian pastor husband. A memorial service will be held Wednesday night at Epic Church International in Sayreville. New Jersey Assembly Speaker Craig Coughlin is expected to talk alongside Sayreville Mayor Victoria Kilpatrick and a family representative. Authorities have not publicly speculated on the motive for the killing. During a radio appearance on WNYC last Thursday, Garden State Gov. Phil Murphy said the single mother’s murder doesn’t appear to be politically motivated. Still, Murphy said it felt “very specific.” “Unfortunately, there’s very little that is known right now,” Murphy said in his weekly sit-down with the radio show, according to NJ.com. “It does not appear to be related to her position as an elected councilwoman in Sayreville.” Dwumfour, a 30-year-old Republican, was elected in November 2021 after upsetting the incumbent Democrat. A witness told The Post that the shooter hit Dwumfour’s car with about a dozen shots. This was backed up by the police markers photographed around the car. Investigators have told The Post that a video camera caught Dwumfour speaking to the shooter just moments before her death. Some locals told RLS Media that the gunman was spotted racing off to the Garden State Parkway. Later some 20 Sayreville police officers were seen combing the sides of a Garden State Parkway exit ramp headed toward the Jon Bon Jovi Service Area looking for evidence. The FBI is also assisting the investigation, an agency representative has said, although their role in investigating the crime is not yet known.