Not a wrinkle in sight. Iconic fashion designer Vera Wang left the internet reeling when the 73-year-old stunned on the BAFTAs red carpet Sunday in a silky frock and crop top. Twitter users couldn’t believe the designer, known for her whimsical wedding dresses, is a septuagenarian. “Just a reminder to everyone that Vera Wang is 73 YEARS OLD,” one astonished user wrote alongside photos of Wang at the awards show. “Vera Wang seems immortal with her sultry youthful look at BAFTAs! If I could look half of what she looks likes, it’d be something!” gawked another. Wang belongs to an exclusive club of celebrities who appear to never age. Jennifer Lopez, Demi Moore, Halle Berry, Salma Hayek and Naomi Campbell seem to have discovered the Fountain of Youth. This is not the first time Wang has been championed as “age-defying.” Her Instagram is full of snaps of her sunbathing by a pool and flaunting her toned physique, prompting fans to beg for her everlasting elixir. Wang has previously revealed that “work, sleep, a vodka cocktail, not much sun” is the key to her wrinkle-free glow. “I value having a vodka cocktail at the end of the day. Because it helps me to transition from a very intense work schedule to a bit of a private life,” Wang told the BBC in 2020, adding that she’s “shocked” by the attention on her appearance. Unlike others in the limelight who tout restrictive diets and extreme exercise regimens, the designer has proved that some celebrities are just like us — she’s shared her favorite processed snacks, including cheese puffs, Cheez-Its and Cheetos. She posted on Instagram in 2020 a photo of herself lounging on a treadmill in heels, later describing the snap as her “personal conflict between loving athleisure clothing but dreading the treadmill.” In November, Wang strutted down the CFDA Fashion Awards red carpet in thigh-high heels and teeny hot pants — an all-black ensemble that wowed onlookers. Followers praised the designer for looking “better and better,” saying she has “ageless, timeless beauty.”