Longtime “Today” anchor Hoda Kotb hasn’t appeared on NBC’s morning shows for more than a week – and the unexplained absence has triggered concern among her fans. Hotb, 58, hasn’t made a live appearance on “Today” or “Today with Hoda and Jenna” since Feb. 17. She last appeared on NBC’s airwaves in a taped episode that aired Feb. 20 for Presidents’ Day. “Today” co-hosts Savannah Guthrie and Jenna Bush Hager have been mum about Kotb’s absence, aside from briefly confirming that she was “out” and introducing their guest anchors. Kotb’s replacements alongside Guthrie on “Today” have included “World News Tonight” anchor Tom Llamas and “Today 3rd Hour” anchor Craig Melvin. “Today 3rd Hour” host Sheinelle Jones and “Sunday Today” anchor Willie Geist have worked alongside Bush Hager. The Post has reached out to NBC for comment on Kotb’s absence. Kotb has yet to reveal the reason for her unexpected hiatus. However, she has caught the attention of the show’s fans with a series of cryptic posts on Instagram, where she has more than 2.2 million followers. “Choose hope,” Kotb said in her most recent post on Monday. In a separate post on Sunday, Kotb wrote: “Sometimes miracles are just good people with kind hearts.” Kotb has also shared a series of inspirational quotes on her Instagram account, including a post that referenced “dark clouds.” Kotb’s podcast, “Making Space,” hasn’t released a new episode since Feb. 20. The podcast typically posts every Monday. Concerned fans have expressed support for Kotb in various comments on her posts. “Seriously…what is going on with you? I know you have a right to privacy, but your truest fans have noticed your absence and these posts…worried about you,” one fan wrote on Kotb’s most recent post. “Praying for you! Not sure what is going on but God! All things are possible with GOD,” another fan said. “Hoda, can you PLEASE tell us what’s going on? This is brutal for your fans,” a third concerned viewer said. “Your vague posts are giving me major anxiety but caring vibes. I know we will know what’s going on with time. But gosh dang it woman – please let us know what’s going on!” another said.