Taylor Frankie Paul, the Mormon TikTok influencer who famously exposed her “soft swinging” behavior, was arrested early Saturday on assault and domestic violence charges. According to Salt Lake County Sheriff’s Office records obtained by The Post, the 28-year-old Paul was arrested in Herriman, Utah, and booked in jail at 1:56 a.m. Saturday. She was released hours later, at 10:35 a.m., on three misdemeanor charges: assault, criminal mischief, and domestic violence in the presence of a child, records show. Paul shares a 5-year-old daughter, Indy, and a 2-year-old son, Ocean, with ex-husband Tate Paul. The Post contacted Paul and the Herriman Police Department for comment. Paul sparked scandal in May 2022 when she revealed she and Tate were supposed “swingers,” swapping partners within her close-knit circle of influencer friends with limitations. She confessed she went “too far” with someone’s spouse, and Tate filed for divorce. She has since started dating Dakota Mortensen, 30, whom she features in her TikToks. Mortensen was tight-lipped on details surrounding Paul’s arrest, claiming to the Daily Mail on Thursday, “I’m not even allowed to speak with her.” He did, however, note that he wanted to “clarify a few things,” alleging that he did not call 911, but thinks a neighbor may have. The real estate agent and tiling company boss told the outlet that he and Paul “didn’t argue” and that she “never hurt anyone intentionally.” “I’m going to wait for everything to come out before I speak on it,” Mortensen said. “I don’t even want the truth to come out. She’s so broken right now. I tried to help her,” he reportedly said. “She’s a good mom, she’s going through a lot in her life right now. Taylor’s been struggling, it’s been a hard year for her. She is racked with guilt on her cheating scandal that cost her her marriage.” The Post reached out to Mortensen for comment. Paul posted cryptic TikToks in May 2022, claiming her life was “falling apart” while showing clips of herself moving boxes and admitting to getting divorced and starting therapy. Since her marriage ended, Paul’s TikTok account has turned into a tell-all, nodding to the secrets of other mom influencers and musing she might even get booted from the church. In August, Paul revealed her battle with depression and claimed her weight was down to nearly 90 pounds. Her last TikTok was posted last week as she invited her 4 million followers to watch as she cleaned out her messy car. Paul previously faced backlash for showing off her “disgusting,” dirty house on the platform.