The Rangers and Patrick Kane, a pairing that was years in the making, are together at long last. Kane is finally headed to New York as the Rangers are trading a conditional 2023 second-rounder, a 2025 fourth-rounder and AHL defenseman Andy Welinski to the Blackhawks, the team announced Tuesday night, in a deal that signals just how serious the Blueshirts are about making a run at the Stanley Cup this season. Now equipped with one of the most formidable top-sixes in the NHL, comprised of Kane, Vladimir Tarasenko, Artemi Panarin, Chris Kreider, Mika Zibanejad and Vincent Trocheck, the Rangers look like a club that can make some serious noise in the upcoming playoffs. The Rangers also acquired AHL defenseman Cooper Zech in the deal. The second-rounder can reportedly become a first if the Rangers make the conference final, but it would move to 2024 or ’25. The Coyotes are the third team helping facilitate the trade by retaining 50 percent of Kane’s remaining salary after the Blackhawks retain 50 percent of what’s left of his $10.5 million cap hit. The Coyotes are receiving a conditional third-round pick in 2025 from the Rangers for being a facilitator. This would not have been possible if Kane — who will make his Rangers debut Thursday at the Garden against Ottawa — was not adamant about coming to Manhattan, and only Manhattan. All the signs over the years indicate that the Rangers were one of the — if not the — top team that Kane would waive his no-move clause to play for. All the signs over the years indicate that the Rangers were one of the — if not the — top team that Kane would waive his no-move clause to play for. It was visible in the 34-year-old’s eyes when he fielded questions about the Rangers’ Feb. 10 acquisition of Tarasenko, which many believed made it impossible for Kane to join the Rangers. The forward took out his displeasure on opposing goalies, compiling a head-turning 10 points in four games. It always seemed to be New York or nowhere for Kane. That seemingly drove the price down and gave the Rangers the edge in negotiations with Chicago, a club sitting in the basement of the Central Division gunning for the right to select Connor Bedard with the first-overall pick in the 2023 draft. Kane, who has 16 goals and 29 assists in 54 games this season, comes to the Rangers with three Stanley Cups under his belt. He is a proven playoff performer, having posted 52 goals and 80 assists for a staggering 132 points in 136 postseason games over his 16-year NHL career. The experience will be invaluable for a Rangers team that is coming off its first lengthy playoff run in years. A former No. 1 pick in the 2007 draft, Kane has established himself as one of the best United States-born players in league history. His trophy cabinet is extensive. After winning the Calder Trophy as the top rookie in 2007-08, Kane was awarded the Conn Smythe Trophy during the Blackhawks’ championship run in 2012-13. During a 106-point season in 2015-16, Kane won the Hart Trophy, the Ted Lindsay Award and the Art Ross Trophy. He does, however, come with some off-ice baggage. He punched a cab driver and pleaded guilty to noncriminal disorderly conduct charges in a 2009 incident in Buffalo. In 2015, he was the subject of a sexual assault investigation in Hamburg, N.Y., though charges were never pressed. Kane is now reunited with his old friend Panarin, with whom he skated during the Russian winger’s two seasons in Chicago at the start of his NHL career. Panarin once told The Post how effortless their chemistry was together. It’s yet to be seen if Kane will line up on the first or second line, but there is history there between Panarin and Kane. “We didn’t need any practices,” Panarin quipped with a smile.