A resurfaced “South Park” clip — featuring a transgender woman demanding an abortion despite not being able to get pregnant — is going viral 18 years after its original air date. Social media watchdogs are heralding its “brutally honest take” on transgender rights and abortion “in this crazy woke world we’re all in.” The episode titled “Mr. Garrison’s Fancy New Vagina,” which originally aired on March 9, 2005, features fourth grade teacher Herbert/Janet Garrison trying to get an abortion because they have not menstruated. Later in the episode, Garrison — who was born biologically male — expresses outrage due to the fact that they cannot abort (nor carry) a child, even though they paid for reassignment surgery. The episode of the animated comedy series is set in a Planned Parenthood office. The character, temporarily identifying as Janet Garrison, walks in to demand an abortion. “Hello doctor, looks like I need an abortion,” said Garrison. The doctor then attempts to clarify what he just heard. “Yeah, I’ve got one growing inside me,” Garrison further explained. “Now, are you going to scramble its brains or just vacuum it out?” The doctor then attempts to tell his patient that they are “physically unable to have an abortion because you can’t get pregnant.” Garrison then shouts back: “Don’t you tell me what I can and can’t do with my body! A woman has a right to choose.” The animated doc then explains the basic birds and bees to Garrison. “You can’t have periods, either. You had a sex change, Mr. Garrison, but you don’t have ovaries or a womb. You don’t produce eggs.” A disgruntled Garrison then bemoans the possibility that they will never feel what it’s like to have a baby grow inside them — or experience what it’s like to “scramble its brains.” When the doctor affirms, once again, that Garrison will never experience the full joys of womanhood, Garrison states: “But I paid $5,000 to be a woman. This would mean I’m not really a woman. I’m just a guy with a mutilated penis.” Twitter is blowing up over the resurfaced clip, with many pointing out that the show’s makers would likely be canceled by the “woke mob” if the 18-year-old storyline were presented anew in 2023. “South Park nails it,” tweeted Donald Trump Jr. “Here’s South Park mocking the insane idea that men can actually become women. This clip is from 2005,” pundit Seth Dillon chimed in. “It’s a brutally honest take on the callous savagery of abortion, too. We need more mockery like this.” Chicks on the Right writer Natalie Argyle summed it up by saying, “In one minute and 25 seconds, @SouthPark said all the things we aren’t allowed to say about trans ‘women’ and abortions.” Meanwhile, podcast host Brian Edward asked, “Could this South Park episode that parodies abortion and trans ideology (from 2005) still be made today?” The Post has reached out to reps for “South Park” co-creators and writers Matt Stone and Trey Parker for comment. Meanwhile, the resurfaced clip has caused many viewers to compare the Comedy Central show to “The Simpsons” which many people have claimed “predicts the future.” Meanwhile, the always controversial animated series, which premiered in 1997, has landed itself in hot water countless times over it’s 26-year run, including for its special COVID-19 episode, which saw the show banned in China. “South Park” also mocked the conspiracy theory group QAnon’s claims that the US government is secretly run by pedophiles, and took on the Black Lives Matter movement when animated officers shook Token — the show’s main black character — for allegedly spreading the virus. “South Park” most recently made headlines after mocking Prince Harry and Meghan Markle, depicting their animated doppelgangers shooting off fireworks as well as having banners that read “stop looking at us” and “we want our privacy”