It’s a pity all that milk is going to waste. As if learning to breastfeed a newborn doesn’t come with enough challenges, one nursing mother just discovered a duct in the pit of her left arm that’s producing a bountiful stream of milk. “This is what you call a milk duct and it’s in my armpit,” Heaven, a new mom to a three-month-old baby, announced in her jaw-dropping TikTok post. “I started massaging it, and yesterday, the f- -king milk just started flying the f- -k out.” “I thought it was so cool,” the 24-year-old from Atlanta, Georgia, gushed. In the trending testimonial, which has amassed over 9.5 million views, Heaven, a mother of two, demonstrated the power of her underarm udder by squeezing it tightly, forcing her nectar to spray. “It’s so weird,” she conceded with a chuckle as the liquid squirted from her pit, “but it’s full of f- -king milk.” And she’s not the only lactating mama to shoot baby juice from her armpit. A Utah mom named Lindsay White, 36, too, went viral after realizing that her swaddled daughter’s head was covered in milk being discharged from ducts under her arm. In her video, White explained that her doctor said the phenomenon occurs in women because milk lines in the breast tissue can extend into the armpit. The auxiliary tissue under the arm is often referred to as the “tail of Spence,” and is where milk-producing ducts can form. Many on social media have used the term “pitties” to describe the phenomenon. The ability to jet out an excess flow of milk notwithstanding, Heaven insisted that she has no immediate plans to feed her infant from her underarm spout. “My best friend [said], ‘Maybe you should pump it,’” she recalled, saying in response, “B- -ch, I ain’t giving my baby no g—damn armpit milk. The f- -k?” Shocked social media watchers were stunned by her entire revelation. “I’m currently pregnant and mortified at the things I’ve learned on Tiktok,” commented one spooked expecting mom. “This is the part of pregnancy I would prefer to be surprised about,” another agreed. Other been-there-done-that parents, however, weighed in with the dos and don’ts of armpit milk ducts. “Don’t squeeze it!” a woman urged. “Let it dry up. You can use a cabbage leaf, place it on there to help dry it up!” “This has happened to me too,” admitted another. “Just massage the area slowly and all goes away.” In the clip, Heaven revealed that she’d been rubbing the area with warm compressions and Irish Springs soap in an effort to dehydrate the opening. “This is why men should appreciate women,” she advised in conclusion. “We go through a lot.”