Camille Vasquez is not sitting at the cool kids’ table at NBC’s cafeteria, according to a report. The celebrity attorney, who gained global recognition last year for successfully representing Johnny Depp in his defamation trial against ex-wife Amber Heard, is being given the cold shoulder by fellow staffers, Radar Online reports. Vasquez was hired as an on-air legal analyst on NBC News but is seemingly not gelling too well with her co-workers after joining the network as it planned to hit staff with a massive layoff. “Poor Camille arrived at precisely the wrong time,” a source told the outlet. “The week she arrived, double digits of workers were fired — yet NBC found the money to hire a 38-year-old beauty queen.” The report claims staffers were left baffled at how the network managed to hire the attorney when it let a lot of employees go recently. NBC cut around 75 jobs during January layoffs, according to the Wrap. “Camille wouldn’t have been booked as a guest before working for Johnny Depp, and now she’s on the staff, and folks around the office are mad,” the insider added. The Post has reached out to NBC News for comment. Last month, Vasquez’s first on-air appearance prompted pushback from NBC News staffers who “felt that the hiring discounted NBC’s own reporting” on the Depp-Heard trial, Semafor reported, citing two employees with knowledge of the situation. One unnamed NBC News journalist submitted a “written complaint to management raising concerns about the decision to hire her as an analyst,” the outlet reported. “For her to end up in this branding, as an NBC News Analyst — it puts her in league with the journalists of this network, and that’s unfortunate,” one NBC News staffer told Semafor. Vasquez became a viral sensation last year while representing Depp alongside Benjamin Chew in the case, which polarized the internet. Depp was awarded more than $10 million in damages after a jury determined that Heard had harmed his reputation with her allegations of domestic abuse. Aside from her new gig at NBC News, Vasquez is a partner at the firm Brown Rudnick and co-chair of its brand and reputation management group. “I’m thrilled to be joining the NBC family as a legal analyst. I grew up watching the ‘Today’ show and it’s such a privilege to now be part of a world-class, dedicated team discussing the most important legal stories of the day,” Vasquez told The Post last month.