Tom Brady cannot come back from this morning goodbye in a T-shirt. When you retire sleep-deprived and unshaven, sitting alone on a beach as the wind fiddles with your bed-head hair, you are officially done. You will never throw another football again. Brady threw nearly 14,000 passes over 23 years in the NFL, postseason included. Of course, it sounds silly saying “postseason included” when talking up the quarterback who played three full regular seasons in the Super Bowl tournament, 48 games in all, winning 35 of them, including seven on the biggest stage in sports. Nobody had ever won the Super Bowl MVP award four times before Brady won it five times. The league needs to rename that award — now known as the Pete Rozelle Trophy — in Brady’s honor. He isn’t just the best quarterback who ever lived. He is the best football player who ever lived, and that is a fact. Also a fact: Brady will be remembered as the game’s ultimate testament to the human spirit. Remember those hilarious photos and videos of the Michigan non-prospect at the 2000 pre-draft combine? “He had no muscle definition and he was soft,” recalled Giants scout Whitey Walsh. How in the world did that human being conquer a world of fit and ferocious men? An hour after he was drafted 199th overall by Bill Belichick and the New England Patriots, Brady told his Michigan friend Jay Flannelly, “I’m going there to take Bledsoe’s job.” Drew Bledsoe, franchise player and future $100 million quarterback. Brady famously took his job via injury and, despite his lack of any discernible physical gifts, never gave it back. His would be a triumph of willpower on a journey he once described to me this way in a phone interview: “I was the backup quarterback on an 0-8 team my freshman year of high school. I got to Michigan, I was seventh [string], and I had a hard time getting to be No. 2, and when I finally got to No. 1, there was someone else [Drew Henson] they wanted to be No. 1. I got to be a sixth-round pick behind a great player, Drew Bledsoe, and then I got an opportunity, and I’m still trying to take advantage of it. Part of who I am now is very much who I was, and that was cultivated growing up.” During that 45-minute call in 2017, Brady was open to the possibility of playing beyond his current age, 45, if he felt he could still compete at a high level. He said his wife Gisele had signed off on him playing into his mid-40s. “She makes decisions for our family that I’ve got to deal with,” Brady said then. “Hopefully she never says, ‘Look, this has to be it.’ ” They got divorced in October, in the middle of what would be Brady’s final season. Frankly, No. 12 looked like a mess the entire year, just like his Buccaneers team. They went 8-9 together, yet somehow won their division. Only Tom Brady could make the playoffs after a season like that one. He threw 66 times in a 17-point loss to the Cowboys in the first round and realized enough was enough. Brady could have signed with his hometown 49ers, or with Josh McDaniels’ Raiders, and played another two or three seasons. When I asked him nearly six years ago if he might try to hang in there until age 50, he didn’t say no. “I think 45 is a pretty good number for right now,” Brady said then. “My love for the sport will never go away. I don’t think at 45 it will go away. At some point, everybody moves on. Some people don’t do it on their terms. I feel I want it to be on my terms.” Brady ended it on his terms, near some sand dunes, a year after first announcing he was done with pro football and then taking it back. His video was a wake-up call a lot of NFL executives and fans didn’t expect. “I’m retiring … for good,” Brady said with a nod. He thanked everyone in his football life for “allowing me to live my absolute dream. I wouldn’t change a thing.” The first time Brady ever started a game as a quarterback, in a junior varsity scrimmage, he was so overmatched that his high school coach felt like quitting and heading to the nearest bar for a drink. Maybe his Tampa Bay coaches felt the same way after his final career start. But in between, Brady won more championships in football than Michael Jordan won in basketball, seizing No. 7 with what had been the losingest franchise in North America. “I think there are many more players blessed with more ability,” Brady once said. “I’ve worked hard with what I’ve been given.” He worked and worked until there was nothing left to give. The quarterback who worried that he’d be cut as a rookie and forced into a life of selling insurance ended up retiring alone on a beach as the undisputed GOAT. What a perfect way to say a permanent goodbye.