Just outside of Dallas, a photogenic slice of farm life is hitting the market Monday evening. The rustic ranch property with a serious social-media following is looking for a new owner as its current ones move on to fresh pastures. “This is a lifestyle,” said Jennifer Horowitz, who bought the 56-acre estate in 2014 with her husband, Glen, from the family that settled the land in the 1800s. “My husband was in the corporate world, working in Dallas and his experience was he loved being able to drive from the city to cows and stars.” The compound — which listed in 2022 for $5 million before being removed from the market last month — is set to relaunch for $5.59 million with Douglas Elliman’s Tracy Tutor and Breah Brown. In addition to a whole lot of sky, 608 Old Center Church Road also features a helipad, a lap pool, a three-bedroom guest house, a party barn and custom-designed chapel. The couple constructed the chapel both so Jennifer could have a “she shed” to “disconnect” and as an homage to the church that was formerly on the property — for which the Whitesboro, Texas road was named. “Their last service was in the 1930s,” Horowitz told The Post, adding that the church was torn down at some point in the late 1950s or early 1960s. “They used to do all their baptisms in our creek.” Visible from the main house’s front porch, the chapel the Horowitzes built comes fully furnished with historic, century-plus-old pews. Her husband and sons, meanwhile, got their own special place to decompress: A party barn, the outfitting of which Jennifer documented on her 48,000-follower strong Instagram, alongside other regular updates about her transformation of the property. Elsewhere on the grounds stands the 3,782-square-foot, four-bedroom main residence — as well as a stocked pond for fishing, pecan trees, a spring-fed creek, multiple barns and a commercial-grade fire pit. (All of the outbuildings are included in the sale, although livestock needs to be negotiated.) Since completing the renovations, the compound has become a popular wedding venue and rental, with previous guests including an NFL player, two politicians, a fashion model and a famous golfer — the names of whom Jennifer is not allowed to share. It also served as the set for country singer Cody Jink’s “Hurt You” music video. Some “60 or 70” weddings have taken place at the compound in total. And although the Horowitzes don’t have a helicopter themselves, the helipad has been used “quite a bit” by guests, including brides who used it to make “surprise entrances or exits,” Horowitz added.