Great loves include Britain’s ex King Edward VIII — a temp — and his American divorcee gold digger Wallis Simpson. They lived in exile. I myself reported she showed at big-time galas in return for jewelry. Cleopatra I didn’t know personally. But she Did It with Mark Antony AND Julius Caesar. Listen, beats Pete Davidson. Queen Victoria and Prince Albert? Married 21 years. Nine kids. How happy they were, who knows. At least they were busy. Marie Curie had little time for Pierre because instead of basting roasts she was cooking radium. A person can’t do everything. Or everybody. Unless you’re Jennifer Lopez. And Shah Jahan. No piker, he built his missus the Taj Mahal. No walk-up studio. And whatever that missus did for him yours can do for you. Napoleon, 26, met a widow with two children. Marie-Josèphe Rose de Beauharnais didn’t figure him terrific. Like maybe not 1800’s forerunner of Idris Elba — but she needed someone and lacked prospects. Also, as civilization knows — a general in the hand is worth two in the bush. 1796, they wed. She later had an affair. Being before NYC’s divorce lawyers, they stayed together. 1804, he’s emperor of France. They split. He married again. He kept house on the isle of Elba but stayed nice. He had violets put on her grave. Lancelot and Guinevere. She a queen. He a Knight of the Round Table. They were Doing It while she was still Mrs. King Arthur. Came a fire. Then came misery and history. She became a nun. He became a hermit. I don’t see it making Netflix. Andrew Jackson. Lived with his landlord’s daughter Rachel. Married 1791. Raunchy Rachel’s divorce from first husband was not official so 1794 they remarried. Then he ran for president. Then the baddies (maybe Progressives) attacked Rachel’s marital history. Then stress did her in. Then Andy ended up on our $20 bill. Tomorrow. Valentine’s Day. Who knows if Biden’s still Doing It to his wife. We know he’s doing it to the country . . . And VP husband Emhoff kissing Mrs. Biden? Or, like many of us, was he just avoiding Kamala? I not only knew Burt Bacharach forever, I knew his parents Bert and Irma. I remember him bringing mom Irma a video of his new home in Bel Air. Visiting her in the hospital in ’84. Bringing his adopted blond, blue-eyed baby Christopher to mom and dad’s East 57th building. Coming to dinner in their apartment. Bringing the infant for us all to see. I’ve always known Burt. Like when he won at Santa Anita. Like when he did his first B’way musical after “Promises, Promises.” Father Bert, syndicated columnist 18 years, was a partygoer and First Nighter. The son, finally rich, gifted them with a prepaid limo service. This kid they called Haps. Why christen him with same name but different spelling? Said his father: “People always called me Bertram. I never liked that. My son won’t have the same problem.” Valentine’s Day — tomorrow — would be my own actual anniversary, so I wish all a happy day not only in New York kids, not Only in New York.