This doctor is defying the passage of time with the help of a very elaborate morning routine. Dr. Mark Hyman, 63, claims to have a “biological age” of 43 and says smoothies, meditation and cold plunges are behind his Benjamin Button-esque buoyancy. While biological age tests are shrouded in controversy, one expert says they are an insightful indication of the amount of “damage” that has gone on inside of your body. In Hyman’s new book, “Young Forever: The Secrets to Living Your Longest, Healthiest Life,” he opens up about his routine, which he says can help a person increase their “health span.” To start off his day, Hyman wakes up at 6 a.m. and meditates for 20 minutes, according to Insider and a Facebook post from 2019. The age-defying doc also drinks coffee and writes in a journal before he does 30 minutes of strength training. “Exercise strengthens our memory and makes us sharper, happier, and more resilient,” Hyman told the Daily Mail. “Studies show that vigorous exercise is a better anti-depressant than Prozac.” The youthful silver fox also told Insider that he ultimately aims to do about three hours of exercise per day, but not all of it occurs in the morning. After his 30 minutes of strength training, Hyman takes a steam shower and then immediately does a cold plunge, sitting in frigid 40-degree water for three minutes. He then makes a breakfast smoothie he describes as a “healthy aging shake,” which is packed with 48 grams of protein and healthy fats from chia seeds and berries. The Post reached out to Hyman for further comment on his routine. “The most important things are exercise, and a diet with healthy fats and plant foods,” Hyman told Insider. “No amount of supplements can replace those.” Hyman’s meticulous morning ritual is approved by many in the medical community. Cold-plunging could help improve circulation, reduce pain and improve your mood, according to Everyday Health, and switching from hot to cold water can help to decrease swelling, among other benefits, as noted by Healthline. Of course, exercise has also been proven to improve heart health and reduce your risk for common cancers, including breast, bladder and kidney, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Meanwhile, meditation has been shown to decrease stress and improve quality of sleep, according to the Mayo Clinic. While Hyman arises early to undertake his morning routine, he says a good night’s sleep is also crucial. “Lack of sleep drives most of the hallmarks of aging, especially inflammation, mitochondrial damage, and altered hormonal and nutrient-sensing pathways,” he told the Daily Mail.