This mama is smoking hot — but it’s not what you think. An expecting mother is expecting haters to cut her some slack around smoking vape pens while pregnant. “People shaming other moms for still smoking or vaping while they’re pregnant … it bothers me a lot,” ranted Gen Z mommy-to-be Kaylee Wulf, from Little Rock, Arkansas, in her virtual strike aimed at detractors. “I am on my second pregnancy,” continued Wulf, who was 14 weeks, or in her second trimester of gestation, when she shared her musings in early January. “I vaped my whole first pregnancy with my daughter.” And while she was admittedly unable to justify her affinity for the electronic cigarette, which contains nicotine and a slew of equally harmful chemicals, the blond went on to reveal that she is, in fact, “addicted” to the smoking device. “It is a real addiction,” she insisted. “It’s not going to be easy to knock.” And the federal government seems to agree. In early 2020, the Food and Drug Administration banned fruit-flavored vaping products in hopes of reversing the rapid rise in electronic cigarette use among youths. Researchers have found that “the more you vape, the more your brain and body get used to having nicotine, and the harder it is to go without it,” per Teen.Smokefree.gov. And the Centers for Disease Control has, too, labeled nicotine a health danger for pregnant women and fetuses that could ultimately damage a developing baby’s brain and lungs. The probable perils aside, Wulf likened her vaping compulsions to past dependencies. “I have been on other drugs, and I’m completely sober from everything,” she said, “except from this vape. “I cannot knock this thing at all.” However, Wulf made it clear that she does not want to be judged for routinely giving in to her weakness. “Proud of people who were actually able to quit, but shaming people who are struggling isn’t right,” she wrote in the caption of her clip. “Y’all really find an issue with everything that does not or will not [affect] you personally.” But, unfortunately for the vaping-mad mama, her TikTok commentators ferociously disagreed. “I vaped for about 5 years and was able to stop cold turkey knowing it wasn’t about me anymore … i think it’s quite selfish,” a digital audience member scolded. “Stopped right when I found out [about] my baby,” said another, “health [is] more important then [sic] any addiction.” “I’ve vaped since I was 14. Had 4 kids and dropped the vape every single time,” another bragged. Wulf’s fellow vape addicts, however, were much more sympathetic to her plight. “I love you for this. I’m on my first pregnancy and vaped the whole time. Doctor is not worried at all,” a pregnant woman admitted. “My mom smoked cigs with me and my brother we were perfectly fine,” added a separate women. To that, a thankful Wulf wrote, “[Smoking while pregnant was] a lot was more acceptable back in the day. My mom smoked with all 3 of us kids. We were all perfectly healthy. “I definitely don’t get the bashing [though].”