MOBILE, Ala. — While the Jets’ search for a quarterback is dominating the headlines, that is not the only position where they need help. Anyone who has watched the Jets knows this team needs to upgrade the offensive line to protect whoever is playing quarterback for them in 2023. Injuries and ineffective play caught up to the Jets line as the season wore on and the offensive failures down the stretch had plenty to do with the guys up front. The Jets are going to need to add at least two offensive linemen this offseason — likely a center and a tackle. The hunt for those players has begun with the college All-Star games, continuing at this week’s Senior Bowl. Jets assistant general manager Rex Hogan said offensive line has been one of the better positions he has seen early in draft season, but maybe not in the first round. “I think it’s not as much high end as compared to the past but I would say there are some really good players overall with it,” Hogan said Wednesday. “I would say it’s more spread out throughout the draft as opposed to being here is your dominant top five-, top 10-type guy.” These college All-Star games are critical for all players, but linemen get an added bonus of being here. Teams like to move the players around and see a tackle play guard and a left tackle play right tackle and have guards play center. If they can prove position versatility here, it can benefit them when the draft arrives. The Jets drafted Max Mitchell in the fourth round last year after he impressed them at the Senior Bowl. Mitchell ended up starting five games for the Jets as a rookie and could be a starter in 2023. Projecting college offensive linemen to the NFL has gotten trickier with the proliferation of spread offenses. “It’s the volume of plays that they run,” Hogan said. “They’re just volume, volume, volume and trying to get a high number of plays off so there’s not as much finish in the game except for a handful teams that do run a traditional NFL power, gap, duo, those types of runs. The inside-outside zone you have to take what those guys within those plays in the spread and off the movement and what type of physicality that they show in those and project. It can be tough.” As Joe Douglas’ right-hand man, Hogan is heavily involved in the construction of the Jets’ roster. That roster is in better shape heading into this offseason than in the previous three years that Douglas and Hogan have been with the Jets. But Hogan acknowledges they still have work to do after the team went 7-10 and missed the playoffs for the 12th straight season. “We want to continue to build and improve,” Hogan said. “We’ve gone from four wins to seven wins and now we’ve got to make the next step and everybody acknowledges that and realizes it and understands the importance of it.” The Jets could be celebrating the Offensive and Defensive Rookies of the Year next week with Sauce Gardner expected to take home the defensive award and Garrett Wilson a finalist on offense. The 2022 draft class could be a transformative class for the Jets with not just Gardner and Wilson but also Breece Hall looking like a star and Jermaine Johnson, Mitchell and Micheal Clemons showing a lot of potential. “Obviously, it feels great,” Hogan said of the success in last year’s draft. “The college scouting staff did a tremendous job identifying the talent, identifying the traits and then the football character and the personal character and how those guys fit and what they’re going to bring to the locker room and to the field.”