‘Cause baby, you’re a firework. A couple has gone viral on TikTok after posting a video of their gender reveal party that sent explosive sparks flying into the air near several flammable trees. The TikTok, posted in early December, has been viewed nearly 21 million times. The video shows the family in front of a huge sign that reads “oh baby” which is decorated with pink and blue balloons. Within seconds, explosions around the sign go off sending torrents of pink smoke and confetti into the air to announce that the baby is a girl. The couple is seen jumping for joy at the prospect of their new addition to the family. Some social media users did not find the couple’s explosive stunt a cause for celebration — especially since it could have caused a forest fire. “Baby announcement or forest fire,” snarked one user. “This could have been gone wrong in so many levels,” said another. “Forest fire aesthetic,” joked a third person. “Right underneath the very nonflammable eucalyptus trees,” sarcastically joked a fourth person. However, other TikTokers enjoyed the spectacle. “If it takes all my life earnings to make my gender reveal like this, then i will spend it in an instant,” declared one fan. “I dont want a gender reveal bc its so unnecessary but thisss absolutely could workkk,” said a second person. ” I was NOT expecting that,” chimed in a third. The concern from some social media users comes after a gender reveal party in September 2020 sparked a deadly wildfire in California that raged across 10,000 acres of land. And in July 2019, an Australian family set their car ablaze after they equipped their vehicle with special smoking tires to blow blue smog to announce their baby’s gender. The numerous gender announcement tragedies led mommy blogger Jenna Karvunidis — 39, who is credited with “inventing” the gender reveal party — to apologize for leading the movement. “Who cares what gender the baby is?” Karvunidis wrote in a viral July 2019 Facebook post. “Assigning focus on gender at birth leaves out so much of their potential and talents that have nothing to do with what’s between their legs.”