It’s a good year to be a Chris Stapleton fan. The eight-time Grammy winner just announced the return of his “All-American Road Show” which he’ll take to venues all over North America from April 26 through Aug. 25 with special guests Allen Stone, Charley Crockett, Marcus King, Margo Price, Marty Stuart, Nikki Lane and The War and Treaty on select dates. That tour includes a huge concert at Syracuse’s St. Josephs Health Amphitheater at Lakeview on June 8. But wait! There’s more. Stapleton will also headline at this year’s Houston Rodeo on March 16 and lend his talents to George Strait’s Stadium Tour from May 6 to Aug. 5 as well. Plus, he’s singing the National Anthem at Super Bowl LVII at Glendale, AZ’s State Farm Stadium on Sunday, Feb. 12. Clearly, the “Tennessee Whiskey” singer has a busy few months coming up. And if you want to see him live, you can snag tickets for all of his concerts today. Although inventory isn’t available on Ticketmaster until Friday, Feb. 10, fans who want to ensure they have tickets ahead of time can purchase on sites like Vivid Seats before seats are officially on sale. Vivid Seats is a secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand. They have a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and will be delivered before the event.  “Where won’t Chris Stapleton perform this year” is an easier question to answer than where will he be — the man is simply going everywhere these next few months. After the All American Road Show kicks off at El Paso, TX’s Don Haskins Center on April 26, Stapleton and co. will hit notable cities like Des Moines, IA (June 22), Charleston, SC (July 13), Baltimore, MD (July 15), St. Louis, MO (July 20) and Toronto, ON, CA (Aug. 17). The tour concludes at Alpharetta, GA’s Ameris Bank Amphitheatre on Aug. 25. A complete calendar including all 20 tour dates, venues, show start times and links to buy tickets can be found here.  Looking to see score last-minute seats to see Patrick Mahomes’ Kansas City Chiefs take on Jalen Hurts’ Philadelphia Eagles? Now might be the time to pull the trigger on tickets. At the time of publication, the lowest price on tickets we could find was $4266 before fees on Vivid Seats. When we last reported on Super Bowl ticket prices on Jan. 30, prices started at $4560 before fees. All prices are subject to fluctuation.  Strait, 70, is going for quality over quantity on his upcoming tour. The “All My Ex’s Live In Texas” crooner only has eight concerts lined up this summer with Stapleton. On May 6, the two country giants will launch their brief run at Glendale, AZ’s State Farm Stadium. From there, the twosome will hit Columbus, OH (May 27), Milwaukee, WI (June 3), Seattle, WA (June 17), Denver, CO (June 24) and then play back-to-back nights in Nashville, TN on July 28 and July 29. Tampa, FL’s Raymond James Stadium will host the final Strait/Stapleton concert of the year on Saturday, Aug. 5.  With such a busy tour schedule, you’d be right in assuming Stapleton hasn’t released much new music the past few years. His most recent full-length album is 2020’s 14-track “Starting Over.” However, the soulful singer has put out a few things here and there to keep fans engaged. In 2021, Stapleton dropped a rousing, eight-minute cover of Metallica’s “Nothing Else Matters” and then collaborated with Santana on on the mystical, blues-y “Joy.” Stapleton also teamed up with Kelly Clarkson on the good-natured Christmas track “Glow.” He also lent his voice to Tom Morello’s heavy “The War Inside.” Last year, Stapleton returned to his roots and put out his first solo single in ages — “I’m A Ram.” It’s pure Stapleton and you can hear it here.  Y’all ready to boot scoot and boogie this year? If that sounds like you, we recommend checking out five of the biggest country tours that might be coming to a city near you in the next few months. • Morgan Wallen • Garth Brooks • Reba McEntire • Kenny Chesney • Carrie Underwood Want to dig a little deeper? Check out our list of the 13 biggest country tours in 2023 here.