Igor Shesterkin acknowledged that his confidence level is not where he wants it coming off a post-All-Star, five-game stretch in which the goaltender has recorded a below sea-level .865 save percentage and 3.54 goals-against average. “Of course not,” the reigning Vezina Trophy winner said following practice Wednesday. “I try to work and stay positive, so hopefully everything will be good. “I need to get some confidence from practices and bring that into the game and get more.” The 27-year-old netminder has been brilliant at times through an uneven season. He is, after all, 25-9-7, a point consistently reinforced by head coach Gerard Gallant, whose own confidence in the team’s standard-bearer has not waned. “He hasn’t been at his best, we all know that, but we’re still winning and that’s the bottom line for me,” said Gallant, whose team is 22-5-4 since Dec. 4. ”He’s going to get better, everybody goes through little parts of the season where you’re not at your best. So am I worried about it? Not one bit. “I guess he talked about his confidence being a little down right now, but mine isn’t. He’ll be fine. He’s our best player.” Shesterkin made several glorious saves Monday during a 4-1 loss to the Jets to keep his team within hailing distance. But, as has been a recurring theme, he also surrendered at least a couple of wonky ones in the match, in which the Blueshirts held a 51-21 advantage in shots. It is often the case that it is not the saves a goaltender makes, but the ones he does not that determines an outcome. If you suggest that all four of Winnipeg’s goals came on high-danger chances, you are analyzing with your heart and not your eyes or insight. There have been a passel of goals that never would have been scored against Shesterkin last season, when he posted a .935 save percentage that represented the third-best in NHL history among goalies making at least 50 starts. There is a high bar for the fourth-year netminder to clear. Last season, Shesterkin posted a save percentage below the .907 league average in 14 of his 52 starts. This season, he has been below the .905 NHL average in 20 of his 41 starts. That is not good enough. He seems to be having a bit more trouble tracking the puck. He has not been as adept in controlling rebounds and making second-chance saves. Shesterkin, however, said he does not feel a burden attempting to match his 2021-22 performance. That, he said, was the past. “I don’t think about it. That was last season,” he said. “Different time, different season.” In a word or few, well, yes it is. The Rangers were carried by Shesterkin last season. This season, there has been a more equitable distribution of responsibility between the skaters and the goaltender. Still, there is no doubt that when the playoffs arrive, Shesterkin will need to be at his best if the Blueshirts are going to make a run. Artemi Panarin missed practice Wednesday for “maintenance,” but will be in the lineup on Thursday at the streaking Red Wings, who have gone 6-1 in their last seven to climb within two points of second wild-card holder Florida and three points within the first wild-card Islanders while holding four games in hand on each.