Megyn Kelly says Prince Harry and Meghan Markle simply “won’t recover” from a recent “South Park” episode that mocked the exiled royals. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex’s decision to move across the pond in a desperate bid for privacy was mercilessly ridiculed in the show’s latest episode, titled “The Worldwide Privacy Tour.” “I feel this is a pronouncement that they have jumped the shark, they are not beloved and her hopes of running for president, reported hopes, are all but dashed,” Kelly, 52, said on “The Megyn Kelly Show” released Friday. “That’s not happening. When ‘South Park’ turns on you, there’s no recovering.” Kelly was referring to the widespread speculation that the Duchess of Sussex is eyeing a career in politics, adding fuel to the fire of unconfirmed reports that she got her sights set on the White House. While the Sussexes have yet to publicly react to the animated episode, it seemingly proved to be a popular hit among viewers. The episode, which begins with a disclaimer saying all characters — even if they’re based on real people — are fictional, centers around a couple who move to a fictional town for privacy. And even though the episode doesn’t explicitly name the couple, viewers noticed that the pair look exactly like the royals and even wear the same outfits as they do. Elsewhere in the episode, the pair promote the prince’s new book titled “Waaagh” — which bears an uncanny resemblance to Prince Harry’s recently released memoir, “Spare.” “We just want to be normal people — all this attention is so hard,” the prince says in the episode after admitting he “hates” journalists. The couple later boards a flashy private jet and set off on their “Worldwide Privacy Tour.” As for Markle’s rumored political bid, unconfirmed reports suggesting that the mom of two has been forging connections with top Democrats have long circulated. Despite endless whispers, there is no solid evidence that she is interested in running for an elected office. In March 2021, investigative journalist Tom Bower, who is writing a forthcoming unauthorized biography of Markle, said he believes it is “likely” the former “Suits” star will try her hand at politics. “The prospect of Meghan running for president is possible and I’d even say likely,” Bower told Closer magazine, as DailyMail.com reported at the time. “I really believe it’s where she sees herself going.” In the run-up to the 2020 election between President Donald Trump and Vice President Joe Biden, conservatives accused Prince Harry and Markle of interfering by encouraging Americans to register to vote. The famous couple also warned Americans about the spread of misinformation and condemned hate speech in a video for Time 100. In response to these remarks, Trump said he was “not a fan” of Markle, and quipped that he wished “a lot of luck to Harry because he’s going to need it.”