With Presidents Day sales in full-swing, we can’t help but provide a list of our must-have, can’t miss Amazon deals. From top deals on mattresses to outdoor patio furniture, the major has already started to roll out an impressive catalog of sales you won’t want to miss — especially during the long weekend. What’s more, a good amount of Amazon best-sellers will be marked down until Presidents Day. If you’re seeking some new home decor or premium beauty products, this is your chance to save big. Ahead, you’ll find our top 24 deals that you can already start adding to your carts. Whether you’re on the hunt for a brand-new coffee maker or wireless earbuds, rest assured that we did the digging to find some acclaimed early Presidents Day sales. Click to jump to a specific category: Not only did we review the Casper mattress but the brand is on an epic Presidents Day sale right now. Depending on which size you order, enjoy paying no more than $420 on this quality, feel-good model (trust us on this — it’s pure bliss). For more than $200 off, the Sealy Hybrid Queen Bed-in-a-Box is a quality purchase to make this Presidents Day. Plus, it’s even more convenient when ordering for a new space (simply take it out of the box and enjoy!) If you’re a hot sleeper, a cooling mattress is the way to go. For nearly $200 off, the top-rated Zinus 8″ Ultra-Cooling Gel Memory Foam Mattress has a near-five-star rating, is infused with a green tea layer and is ventilated for extra airflow. We can spot an Amazon best-seller when we see one, and the Devoko Outdoor Sectional Sofa is truly it. Match-all, comfortable and now — less than $350 — enjoy this quality set ahead of the spring season. It has never been more affordable to organize your books and various knick-knacks. The Furinno Luder Bookcase is a whopping $22 (in short, the price of three Starbucks venti drinks) and comes in various shades to match your space. What gets better than that? A dresser is one of those furniture pieces that seems to travel with you everywhere, so grab one for nearly $100 off this Presidents Day. The Prepac Monterey 5-Drawer Chest receives our stamp of approval, especially for its timeless look. Amazon surely has a hidden gem onsite with The Beauty Box: a collection of the retailer’s most popular premium beauty selections. We’re already spotting Moroccanoil (one of our favorite brands) and Oribe (a luxury haircare brand we’re obsessed with), and you’ll be able to try various others for less than $40 right now. If you have sensitive skin, Cetaphil is the way to go. Namely, the brand’s Fragrance-Free Daily Facial Cleanser is backed by more than 17,000 rave reviews and is one of the most hydrating products we’ve used. For $12, you can’t go wrong. If anti-aging is on your mind, a retinol is one of the most dermatologist-recommended ingredients to use. The RoC Retinol Correction Line-Smoothing Night Serum. Now, it’s just $23 for you to enjoy. Meet a New York Post Shopping reader-favorite: the Sunny Health & Fitness Magnetic Rowing Machine. As seen in our guide to the best rowing machines, this one is the most affordable without compromising value. Strength training would be incomplete without a quality weight bench. This one from FLYBIRD is now $150, apt for smaller at-home gyms and adjustable to match your workout style. This sales guide would be incomplete without a mention of a quality treadmill to get you walking, running and inclining in style. Impressively, this top-rated model from Horizon Fitness is more than $100 off and is one of the most elite you can find. On-trend and widely popular, these types of wall mirrors are seen all over Instagram and, after some digging, were spotted on Amazon. At a discount right now, this classic yet vintage-leaning option is worth the steal. If you don’t have a green thumb, don’t fret — the Nearly Natural Ficus Silk Tree is nearly half the price, adds some sought-after greenery to your space and has a nice, full look. We’re already adding it to our carts. For more options, check out our guide to the best fake plants. If you’re about to get your spring cleaning mode on (perhaps by picking up some top-rated cleaning products, like all-purpose cleaners), you may be on the hunt for a quality vacuum to break in. This best-seller from Shark is $60 off right now. With more than 80,000 positive reviews, the Keurig K-Mini Coffee Maker is one of the best coffee makers to buy on Amazon — along with being a retailer best-seller. It’s offered in an array of colors, doesn’t take up too much real estate on your counter and is now just $75. We haven’t spotted a better cookware set deal than this one from Calphalon. Its Classic Hard-Anodized 10-Piece Nonstick Cookware Set is just over $150, comes with a full house of practical items and will last for years on end. Yeah, it’s a pretty sweet offering. Everyone loves a good KitchenAid Stand Mixer, and now you can grab one for less than $300. For a kitchen staple, this one is all we can ask for (and is absolutely worth the hype). For a whopping $70 off, the Free Country Odyssey II Flex Super Softshell Jacket is the perfect transitional fashion staple for spring, makes a lovely birthday gift for the guy in your life and comes with a wealth of exterior zipper pockets. Seriously, go grab it. Looking for a newly minted pair of white sneakers? Puma has its Carina Sneaker available for less than $50 right now — a testament to the timeless court shoe style. One of Amazon’s best-selling pajama pairs (read: best men’s pajamas), the Hanes Woven Plain-Weave Pajama Set, is now less than $25. If you’re looking for a fresh pair that’s perfect for a variety of seasons, this is your best bet. The Beats Solo3 Wireless On-Ear Headphones are now $70 off just in time for Presidents Day. With exceptional noise-canceling abilities, a comfortable look and quality design, you can’t go wrong. For more options, check out our guide to the best over-ear headphones. These days, a new smart TV is one of the best purchases you can make (for cinema-like viewing, especially). Now, the Hisense A4 Series 40″ Smart Android TV is less than $175 and one of the best brands out there (we have one and can’t stop raving about it). Grab yourself a new tablet for school, work or productive leisure, now for less than $150. For a crisp screen, the Samsung Galaxy Tab is highly rated and now offered at a wonderful price. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.