The countdown to having your best friend call you faking an emergency starts now. Singles will ditch a bad date in less than an hour, a recent study from roadside assistance provider Britannia Rescue found. The research found that daters only need 25 minutes to decide whether or not they’re enjoying themselves, but they will wait an average of 51 minutes before faking a call from an overbearing boss or a desperate friend. A fifth of singles who know what they want — or conversely don’t want — have left halfway through a date. But not everyone is so decisive. It turns out that 58% of love-seekers have sat through a bad date; they did so because they felt the need to be polite (72%), thought it might get better (37%) or felt too uncomfortable saying anything (36%). Some don’t even make it to the meeting spot. Intuitive singles will cancel a date 19 hours before it’s scheduled to start if they’re not excited. Those that make it to their bad date list rudeness (48%), a companion constantly checking their phone (37%) and an awkward atmosphere (36%) as the top reasons for wanting out. Those who don’t have the courage to admit to their disinterest, will fabricate an excuse to pull out of the date. People listed being sick, a family member’s illness, an emergency at work, a headache and remembering an important last-minute task as the top excuses they’ve thought up. Some more original but common excuses were saying that they accidentally already ate, were arrested and that their date looks too similar to a sibling or an ex. While this study found that daters decided whether or not they had chemistry 25 minutes into a date, previous research published in the Journal of Sexual Medicine has shown that it takes just a fifth of a second for your brain to create the chemical cocktail that produces feelings of love. So should daters expect love at first sight, wait 25 minutes or sit through a bad date? Jaime Bronstein, a licensed therapist and author of the upcoming book “Man*ifesting: A Step-by-Step Guide to Attracting the Love That Is Meant for You,” told The Post that the long list of dating apps and short attention spans are some of the things that have led daters to struggle to choose their person. “We live in this society now where people are more disposable, and people are not giving each other as much of a chance because it is so easy to meet somebody,” she explained. A study published in the Journal of Personality and Social Psychology found that men need about 97 days to fall in love, while women take about 149 days to confidently confess their love. “I think a lot of relationships maybe that could turn into something, don’t,” Bronstein said.