Michigan State University killer Anthony McRae had a note threatening to also attack two schools in New Jersey — forcing a township to keep all its public schools shuttered Tuesday. The threat for Ewing, near Trenton, emerged after McRae, 43, was found dead late Monday, more than three hours after he killed three students and left five others fighting for their lives. “When McRae was found by police in Michigan, he had a note in his pocket that indicated a threat to two Public Schools,” the Township of Ewing Police Department said, without elaborating on the exact nature. “Out of an abundance of caution, the Ewing Public Schools were closed for the day,” the force said, with officers “stationed at each closed public school” as well as private ones in the township, the force said. McRae was known to have “local ties to Ewing” — as well as “a history of mental health issues,” police said. An obituary for his mother, devoted church-goer Linda Gail McRae, 62, said she was originally from Trenton, and several relatives appear to still live in the area. However, McRae has not lived in the Garden State for several years, cops said of the killer who previously served jail time in Lansing for carrying a loaded gun. The force said Tuesday the investigation “determined the incident is isolated to Michigan, and there is no threat to Ewing Schools.” Even so, officers will remain on patrol around schools for the rest of the day before the school system is expected to reopen as usual Wednesday. McRae’s mom — who “gave her life to Christ at an early age” — worked in Newark before moving the family to Lansing, her obit said. She died on Sept. 13, 2020, in Sparrow Hospital — the same Lansing hospital treating the five injured by her crazed son. Trauma surgeon Denny Martin broke down at Tuesday’s press conference as he detailed treating the five injured, all of whom remain in critical condition Tuesday. MSU police also confirmed a note had been found, without elaborating on what it said. It did not appear to offer a motive, however, with MSU Police Interim Deputy Chief Chris Rozman acknowledging they had “absolutely no idea” why he struck at the university, with which he appeared to have no ties.