The woman who plummeted to her death off a Disneyland parking structure on Saturday has been identified as Marney Schoenfeld, an Arizona mom and talented hairstylist. Schoenfeld, of Scottsdale, Arizona, died after she jumped or fell from the Mickey and Friends Parking Structure at the Anaheim, California, amusement park, Orange County Sheriff’s Sgt. Scott Steinle told the Mercury News. The 46-year-old hairstylist was remembered by her husband, Randy Schoenfeld, as a loving mother. Her husband, an Arizona real estate agent, told the newspaper her death has been incredibly difficult, describing the pain as “excruciating.” “She was a loving mother to her daughter, Sydney,” her husband told the paper in an email. “She was a caring wife to me. She was a talented hairstylist of 23 years and her clients loved her.” Schoenfeld was found on the ground around 6:50 p.m. by authorities. Police worked to keep her alive until paramedics rushed her to an area hospital, where she was pronounced dead. It’s unclear whether Schoenfeld was a guest at Disneyland at the time of her death. Her death is being investigated as a suicide, police told the Los Angeles Times. “Like all death investigations, the cause and manner of death will be pending the conclusion of the investigations being completed by the Anaheim Police Department and the Orange County Coroner’s Office,” Anaheim police Sgt. Jon McClintock told the outlet. Several deaths have occurred at Disneyland’s seven-story Mickey and Friends parking structure since it opened in 2000. The garage is one of the largest parking structures in the country and can hold over 10,000 vehicles. In December, a 51-year-old elementary school principal fell to his death from the same garage in an incident police deemed a suicide. The jumper was identified by authorities as Christopher Christensen, who had been the principal of Huntington Beach elementary schools for 22 years — and was due in court the next week on child endangerment and battery charges. Following his death, his 26-year-old daughter said the“toxic” relationship her father shared with his “abusive” wife was what led him to end his life. At least three other people have also died as a result of falls from the parking facility between 2010 and 2016.