Despite bringing in the top guns to sell her longtime New York City townhouse, Sonja Morgan just can’t catch a break. In the last decade alone, the “Real Housewives of New York City” star has had her Upper East Side residence on and off the market — but still, no takers. In July, after a year off the market, it listed for $8.75 million. Six months later, the home’s price has lowered by $1.25 million to $7.5 million, The Post has learned. Morgan, 59, attempted to remodel the home, located at 162 E. 63rd St., during the pandemic in hopes that it would attract a buyer. She even thought bringing in the top townhouse seller could finally make it work. “Back when Sonja Morgan (and her husband) purchased the house, we represented the sellers at the time,” 35-year real estate veteran, Thomas Wexler, with the brokerage Leslie J. Garfield & Co., told The Post. “We have sold this house three times before, way back in the day, including the time we sold it to Sonja.” “She now has the best townhouse broker that you can find anywhere,” a hopeful Wexler said with a laugh at the time. “I think this is a good time to put it on the market. The house is priced well and it should sell.” But unfortunately, plagued by rising interest rates to combat lingering inflation, it doesn’t appear the television personality and socialite was able to secure an offer. The new price tag, however, might make it more appealing to house hunters. With four bedrooms and six bathrooms, the five-story townhouse features woodburning fireplaces in each bedroom, mosaic hardwood floors and oversize windows. Amenities include an elevator, a sauna, a wet bar and a gym. On the first level is a 35-foot-deep manicured garden with a fountain and a koi pond — plus a solarium with floor-to-ceiling windows. On the second level is the formal dining room with another woodburning fireplace, an eat-in kitchen and a bedroom that can be turned into a study if desired. The third level houses the primary suite with a sitting room and a balcony that overlooks the garden. Sonja first listed the home for sale in 2013 for $9.95 million amid her divorce from J.P. Morgan heir John A. Morgan. She struck gold in 2017, when she found an offer, but ultimately decided to turn it down so her daughter, Quincy, could have stability during the separation. The reality star and entrepreneur was allowed to keep the townhouse in 2015 after she settled her lengthy bankruptcy case following her divorce. “At this point, this house is nothing more than a financial drain, an emotional drain,” she said on Season 12 of the Bravo series.