Whether you’re a student or off to the office, there’s nothing quite like a backpack to carry all of your essentials in a comfortable, stylish manner. Much like men’s backpacks and messenger bags, options fit for women typically boast exterior zipper pockets, an embossed design of some kind — perhaps gold hardware, tassels or a pebbled leather shell — and come in a catalog of classic styles. To help you enjoy your shoulder carry-all more and stress less, the New York Post Shopping team hand-picked our 20 favorite women’s backpacks of 2023 for you to enjoy and recommend to everyone you know, too. Not to mention, you may want to also browse our edits of the best adult lunch boxes and best crossbody bags to complete your online shopping haul of must-have accessories. With its retro charm, the Mancio Vintage Laptop Backpack is a steal for less than $25 right now. It’s available in an array of colors to suit your style, has messenger-style leather buckles to secure the pack in place and gold exterior zipper detailing that feels rather high-end. If you’re walking around an urban area, consider an anti-theft backpack, like the CHERUTY Satchel Backpack. Just shy of $30, it features one main compartment with an interior pocket, two interior slit pockets, two side pockets and one front pocket — in addition to its full-bodied vegan leather make. As one of the most popular brands in the backpack game, Fjallraven has its best-selling Kanken Classic Backpack for less than $100. Take it on a picnic, on a hike, to class or to the mall. Any which way, you’ll be satisfied. We love how chic and versatile the Telena Vegan Leather Backpack is. Namely, its top-class soft exterior coupled with that adorable tassel detailing makes it feel like your designer clutch — though with a multitude of compartments. Rest assured you’ll have ample space with this Waterproof Travel Backpack that’s available to purchase directly from Amazon. Clad with USB charging port holes, a laptop pocket and a 360-degree waterproof design, it’s worth the $50 price tag. Meet the backpack we personally use and can’t stop recommending IRL: the Dagne Dover Dakota Neoprene Backpack. Price will depend on your preferred size and you should certainly snag it if your main objective is carrying everything comfortably. We also love the Modern Picnic’s The Backpack — coming in multiple colors, smooth to the touch and great for storing your laptop, an umbrella and other odds and ends. Its leather straps give it that ultra-designer feel, too. This guide would be incomplete without a mention of Tumi, the unbeatable travel brand with exceptional on-the-go items. Notably, its Voyageur Celina Backpack is a splurge worth making as it features a laptop pocket, interior multifunction pockets and exterior zip pockets. For more of an athletic backpack, the Nike Heritage Eugene Backpack is one of your best bets. It comes in other shades aside from pink and also boasts a classic look, an internal laptop sleeve and a side accessories pocket to keep your phone, chargers and other items well-organized. For a collegiate-grade staple, you can’t go wrong with The North Face’s Isabella 3.0 Backpack. It’s exceptional for carrying a ton of items inside (think: textbooks and a litany of electronics) and has a convenient exterior pocket that’s quite spacious, like its inside. We can’t neglect lululemon (aka, one of our first loves). The brand has a wonderful City Adventurer Backpack Micro 3L that’s perfect if you’re looking to invest in a smaller pack. Not to mention, it’s designed for on-the-move use and was designed with water-repellent fabric. Easily, the Rebecca Minkoff Jumbo Julian Leather Backpack is one of the most chic options you can grab. From its unique saddle-like design to gold-embossed detailing, you’ll receive tons of compliments on it (trust us, and buy now). JanSport is paving the way for accessibility in the backpack and accessories space with its brand-new launch of its Central Adaptive Accessory Pack. For less than $40, everything — from maneuvering its zipper pockets to grabbing your credit card — is designed to be done with one hand, especially apt for those with upper-extremity disabilities. For more, check out our guide of the best adaptive clothing brands. We have the Urban Originals Convertible Sling Backpack hung up in our closet and think it’s probably the best accessory ever (no exaggeration). For less than $80, dare we say it’s the perfect mini backpack to take with you to the mall? Yes. Marc Jacobs is sold on Amazon — and yes, we’re obsessed with the brand. Its Nylon Varsity Backpack has that durable neoprene fabric that’s seemingly more forgiving when it comes to spills and other mishaps. And, we adore the well-constructed gold detailing. Structured and equipped for all of your on-the-go travels, the Monos Metro Backpack is an investment worth making, much ado to its sleek profile, water-resistant nylon and vegan leather details. It also features the brand’s patented QuickSnap Modular Kit System, allowing for interchangeable, streamlined packing. With a name like Longchamp, you know it’s going to be good. The top-rated Le Pliage Backpack makes a lovely gift for less than $150 (cough, cough, graduation?) and has its signature nylon design with that brown leather upper. Looking to change diapers on the go? If you’d rather carry your baby’s essentials on your back rather than use a diaper bag (though we still love them), the Pottery Barn Kids Bugaboo Changing Backpack is the real deal, clad with multiple compartments to keep everything organized. Hello, vibrant colors! CALPAK is one of our favorites on this list, mostly because its Kaya Laptop Backpack is polished, put together and pretty in pink (along with dozens of other colors). What’s more, it has that convenient exterior pocket we all know and love. Take a page from Shay Mitchell’s playbook with her brand Béis. Its Expandable Backpack has ample storage, is 100% sustainable (made of recycled plastic water bottles) and has the luxury of perfectly compartmentalizing everything, from your smaller tech items to your laptop. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.