Cancer writer, cultural critic and avowed sports fan Hunter S. Thompson declared, “There is always room for losers in the football business. They are the mother’s milk of gambling, and why not? Somebody has to do it, or there won’t be any winners.” Who will be lactating the frothed milk of failure and who shall be hoisting the Vince Lombardi Trophy to the heavens come Super Bowl Sunday on February, 12? While the fates have yet to speak the stars are  suggesting one team is poised to conquer. Full disclosure I’m a Taurus and more of a boxing fan and as such I care more about what kind of dip is being served (store bought hummus is for the weak and the careless) than whose throwing the goddamn ball, but I am here to wager and watch Rihanna. With this in mind, I invite you to place your bets based on astrology. To assist we’re looking at the zodiac signs, astro stats and birth charts of both teams to determine who is bound for triumph. What do the stars have in store for the Super Bowl? Read on to learn more. Also make sure to check out our list of recommendations for how to celebrate the Super Bowl based on your zodiac sign. This year, the Super Bowl takes place on February 12 when the sun will shine through the mechanical heart of Aquarius and the moon will brood in fixed, obsessive Scorpio. On this day of days the sun, which represents vitality and trajectory will be engaged in an intense square dance with the moon, which symbolizes instinct and emotion. Balls will fumble, hearts will break and tears will fall, folks. The sun in Aquarius will be conjunct Saturn, the planet of lessons. Since the sun is ego and Saturn is restriction both teams will struggle to find their footing and the crew that leads with reason rather than emotion will come out on top. Add to the mix that the moon in Scorpio will stand in opposition to wild out, wild card dealing punk rock planet Uranus, meaning shakeups are nigh, chaos is coming, emotional upsets are promised and controversial calls (including my own) are coming. Mars, the planet that governs things like sex, sports and road rage will be in Gemini while Venus, planet of love, aesthetics and scoreboards will be in empathetic, escapist Pisces. Given this info, I believe the game will be an even match and a tight score with both teams bringing heat and heart to the field. The influence of jock strap planet Mars in the sign of extreme leaning Gemini suggests that both sides will see highs and lows and volley for victory. Because Gemini rules communication there’s also an indication that verbal exchanges will be more prevalent than usual. This ain’t gonna be a landslide or a shut out but a serious and high strung battle royale that will see but one spandex-ed band of muscled men reigning supreme and putting a proverbial ring on it. Astrology 101: Your guide to the stars Fun fact, it’s not just people who have birth charts, but cities and sports teams do too! The Kansas City Chiefs were originally established on August 14, 1959 as the Dallas Texans. making the team a blinging Leo sun with a swashbuckling Sagittarius moon. These placements also helps explain how and why the team traded locales, moving to KC in 1963 as Sag is the sign of the seeker, the optimistic opportunist and the free wheeling traveler. On February 12, lucky planet Jupiter in Aries sits close to the Chief’s south node, a comfortable and ultimately beneficial aspect. On game day, the Chiefs natal sun in Leo will be opposite the sun and Saturn in Aquarius, suggesting a bit of an ego war/power struggle and a difficulty in response to authority. There may be tension between QB and team, team and coach and team and referees. “The Iggles” as they are affectionately known, were established on July 8, 1933 meaning the team falls under the emotionally intuitive, somewhat erratic sign of Cancer with a grind or die Capricorn moon. Come Super Bowl Sunday, the transiting moon in Scorpio will be forming a not so lucky square with the Eagles’s Saturn in Aquarius. In astrology, Saturn is the sign of daddy vibes, limitations and punishing lessons, suggesting Sunday’s game will be a difficult, potentially defeating but ultimately formative experience for the birds. While this square aspect doesn’t necessarily guarantee a loss, it indicates that there will be no easy win. Add to this that the Eagles are experiencing their Saturn return, a time of trial and muck trudging, a pivotal point of no return that will inform their team trajectory for the next thirty years. In addition to the general astro-weather that will be reigning during Super Bowl Sunday, we’re taking a look at the birth charts and transits of two key players, the quarterbacks for each contending team. Kansas City Chiefs’ quarterback Patrick Mahomes was born on September 17, 1995 making him an industrious Virgo sun with a Cancer moon and a Scorpio Mars. On Super Bowl Sunday, Jupiter in Aries will be forming a lucky AF trine with Mahomes’ Jupiter in Sagittarius which bodes well for joy/expansion/abundance and potentially, a Super Bowl victory. While the Philadelphia Eagles are favored to win by many spectators, bet placers and soothsayers, this ‘odds against me’ energy is pure power source for Virgos like Mahomes who preform best when they’re underestimated. Eagles QB Jalen Hurts was born on August 7, 1998 making him a Leo sun with an opposing Aquarius moon and a Cancer Mars. For Hurts, the tension between his born to shine sun sign and objective, concerned with the collective moon makes him an extraordinary leader and an uncommon sportsman. On February 12, the moon in Scorpio will form a difficult square with Hurts’s sun in Leo which could interfere with his ability to fully express himself creatively or physically. This square indicates the strong influence of the feminine so no pressure mom and GF Byronna Burrows but your positivity has the potential, now more than ever, to help Hurts power through. If you are so inclined, do a little moon work and recite a winning incantation over his sleeping body. In QB vs QB astrology I give the slight advantage to Mahomes whose game day transits are less trying that Hurts’s. Regardless of the way the coin tosses and the chips fall and based on their respective birth charts, this shan’t be the last time Mahomes and Hurts grace a Super Bowl field. The Super Bowl will see the triumphant return of Pisces power priestess Rihanna and if there’s one thing I’ll lay my money on, it’s that RiRi will come correct and steal the show. If I were to bet my life on a winner, it would be she. Dice rolling, more is more planet Jupiter in Aries will be conjunct Rihanna’s moon, giving her an added boost of feminine prowess, self-assurance and command of her craft. Add to the good vibes that Mars in Gemini will be trining and shining with Rihanna’s Mercury, suggesting that her powers of artistic expression and verbal communication will be especially pronounced. With Uranus in the mix and two incredibly competent teams on the field, this is a tough call to make. Ultimately my money and the good luck stardust is on the Kansas City Chiefs. I know this is unwelcome news for Eagles fans who cheer hard, riot harder and take wins and losses with equal measure of intensity. But take heart and remember folks, it’s not whether you win or lose but how good the buffalo chicken dip is. Astrologer Reda Wigle researches and irreverently reports back on planetary configurations and their effect on each zodiac sign. Her horoscopes integrate history, poetry, pop culture and personal experience. She is also an accomplished writer who has profiled a variety of artists and performers, as well as extensively chronicled her experiences while traveling. Among the many intriguing topics she has tackled are cemetery etiquette, her love for dive bars, Cuban Airbnbs, a “girls guide” to strip clubs and the “weirdest” foods available abroad.