It’s her sole talent. A UK woman dubbed the “World’s Sexiest Archer” — who has even performed for the late Queen Elizabeth II — is blowing up the internet due to her unique ability to shoot arrows using just her feet. “Foot archery is simply archery — turned upside down!” said Orissa Kelly, 27, of her tootsie-based trick shots, which she regularly showcases for her 1.4 million followers on TikTok. In one clip with 17.7 million views, the archer and stuntwoman is in a catsuit using her trotters to fire a flaming arrow. Kelly starts by grasping the 30-pound compound bow in her toes, and then doing a handstand on suspended blocks with her pyrotechnic projectile weapon in “toe” above her head. Then, while balancing on her hands, she draws back the bow with her legs and propels it directly into a bullseye like some bizarro Austin Powers assassin. “I’ve actually burned my toes so many times doing fire foot archery that I don’t even feel the heat anymore,” Kelly, who often showcases her unique talent at NBA halftime shows, told NeedToKnow.online. The bow-legged Brit, who’s been practicing trick shots for seven years, was inspired to try her toes at foot archery after growing bored of the same old routine. “I was performing aerial silks but decided I wanted to do something even more unusual; I decided why be the best when you can be the only one?” Kelly declared. “I picked up a bow and arrow, went to a cricket field (because I had nowhere else to train!) and began teaching myself.” After practicing six hours a day for six months, Kelly finally hit a bullseye: she learned how to master the bow and arrow using only her flippers. “I watched tons of videos of archery when I was trying to learn, so I draw the bow and arrow with my feet exactly like you would with your hands,” explained Kelly. She said the only downside are the excruciating foot cramps, explaining: “If I don’t train frequently enough they [her foot cramps] certainly remind me to!” Despite her podiatric prowess with projectiles, Kelly claims she doesn’t use her feet of strength to harm. “I don’t hunt animals – I only hunt my exes,” joked the foot archer, who’s become known around the globe for her unparalleled archery skills. Along with performing at halftime shows, Kelly performed for the queen back in 2018 and even did archery stunts for “Wonder Woman,” Jam Press reported. Her skills also earned quite the impression of social media with one awestruck viewer writing: “How does one learn to do that.” “I can’t even do a handstand, the splits, or archery and she can do all 3 at once,” exclaimed another. “This is the most specific skill ever,” said one admirer. Other foot archer fetishists compared Kelly to famous fictional archers, including “Hunger Games” protagonist Katniss Everdeen as well as Hawkeye and Black Widow from “the Avengers.” However, the sole-ful woman said “being able to do what I love every single day” is her biggest achievement. “It’s not always easy but I wouldn’t change my profession for the world and I hope I can inspire others to do what they love as a career – no matter how crazy it might be!”