Kevin Costner’s attorney is firing back at anonymous complaints about his work ethic on the popular series “Yellowstone.” Marty Singer slammed Deadline’s unnamed sources who claimed the 68-year-old actor wanted to film the Western drama for 50 days for the first part of the season and only a week for the second batch of episodes. “The idea that Kevin was only willing to work one week on the second half of Season 5 of ‘Yellowstone’ is an absolute lie,” Singer told Puck News on Monday. “It’s ridiculous — and anyone suggesting it shouldn’t be believed for one second,” he added. “As everyone who knows anything about Kevin is well aware, he is incredibly passionate about the show and has always gone way above and beyond to ensure its success.” The Post has reached out to Costner’s representatives and the Paramount Network for comment. Citing anonymous sources, Puck News reported Costner’s “Yellowstone” contract pays him $1.2 million per episode for Season 5, rising to $1.5 million per episode if there’s a Season 6. He’s also inked a deal with MTV Entertainment Studios running through 2025. Deadline reported earlier this month the series could end following Season 5, which premiered in November and wrapped an eight-episode run in January. More episodes are due out in the coming months. The outlet’s anonymous sources reportedly claimed the production drama is causing some tension among cast members, as the fate of the series hangs in the balance. “We have no news to report. Kevin Costner is a big part of ‘Yellowstone,’ and we hope that’s the case for a long time to come,” a Paramount spokesperson told The Post at the time. But if Costner, who just won a Golden Globe for his work on the show as John Dutton, were to leave the series, Matthew McConaughey could helm a new show that’s part of the “Yellowstone” franchise. “Thanks to the brilliant mind of Taylor Sheridan, we are always working on franchise expansions of this incredible world he has built. Matthew McConaughey is a phenomenal talent with whom we’d love to partner,” the Paramount spokesperson added. Costner, who has starred on “Yellowstone” since it premiered in 2018, listed his 160-acre Aspen ranch for rent last month. For a whopping $36,000 per night, the estate is dubbed “the ultimate luxury retreat.” Costner is also co-writing, producing, directing and starring in “Horizon,” a series of Civil War-era Western films.