Raise your chicken wings and cheers your domestic beers y’all, a beloved, albeit unofficial American holiday is upon us. Super Bowl Sunday arrives February 12, 2023 and this year, the Philadelphia Eagles will go helmet to helmet against the Kansas City Chiefs on the neutral turf of The State Farm Arena in Glendale, Arizona. The stakes are high, the bets are being placed this year promises a sibling rivalry of epic proportions, as Travis and Jason Kelce are set to become the first pair of brothers to play each other in a Super Bowl. In addition, Pisces priestess Rihanna is poised to take the stage for a halftime show that marks her triumphant return to public performance after a five year hiatus. In 2018, the artist turned down the opportunity to perform in light of the NFL’s treatment of Colin Kaepernick. While RiRi’s appearance is priceless, the cost of a Super Bowl commercial spot is notoriously costly. This years advertisements will include Sarah McLachlan repping for Busch Light (you read that correctly), Steve Martin and Ben Stiller trading barbs for Pepsi, and Alicia Silverstone resurrecting Cher Horowitz for Rakuten. In honor of this clash of titans, the return of Rihanna and the glut and glory of American advertising, we bring you a list of the best way to celebrate Super Bowl Sunday according to your zodiac sign. The Superbowl is a rare and welcome opportunity for members of team Aries to lean full steam and no shame intro their temper tantrums. Go on and shout obscenities at an inanimate object and for once in your fire breathing life you won’t seem unhinged, just enthusiastic. If Taurus could choose a manner of death it would involve eating buffalo chicken dip to the point of expiration. Bulls were born to graze baby so bring on your taco dip, your pigs in a blanket, your potato skins, your mediocre grocery store cheese trays and all other forms of game day gluttony. Gemini rules the third house of communication and natives love to OD on it. So while they’re watching the game out of the corner of their eye, they’re also catching up on all manner of cellular distraction; trolling for strange, doom scrolling, learning how to air fry on TikTok, reading about unsolved murders on Reddit, and/or airing the dirty laundry of a friend in the group chat. Cancer would be wise to retreat to the safe and relatively serene space of the kitchen and prepare snacks and refresh beverages. This cardinal water sign tends to be averse to contact sports and are only hosting/attending a Super Bowl party because it was/is important to their significant other. Love means sacrifice, seven layer dip and keeping a different kind of score. Leo is about creating, curating and expertly documenting any manner of gathering. Like a real life Broadway musical, lions have the uncanny ability to introduce an impromptu sing along/dance sequence/photo shoot into a funeral, pot luck, full moon ceremony, business mixer and or Super Bowl party. Puff your pom poms and ready your camera. Virgo loves to learn and to instruct so suit up for game day by getting down to business and schooling yourself on the ins and outs of rules, loop holes, fouls and technicalities. Later, when calls are being made and whistles are being blown you can assume your favored role as smartest person in the room . Libra is ruled by Venus, planet of love, art and aesthetics. As such, natives favor enabling glow ups over grunting their disapproval in front of a big screen television. Lean into your love of beautification by painting the faces of your friends and fevered fans. Scorpio is a fixed water sign that lords over the eighth house of sex, death and regeneration. Hyper attune to the moods and motives of others they are preternaturally gifted with intuition and psychic ability. Natives can monetize that modality by dramatically announcing the winner in an off putting riddle ahead of the half time show before disappearing in a poof of smoke and smugness. Sagittarius is ruled by lucky planet Jupiter, making them the resident gambler of the zodiac. Roll the dice and place your bets on everything from the victor, total yards to the color of the famed Gatorade bath. Capricorn is an industrious sign that appreciates gains, strategy and media manipulation. Sea goats have a mind for business and understand that the Super Bowl is not about who wins or loses but what brand was most effective in convincing the captive masses to part with their capital. Aquarius are an extreme lot so they’re likely to be either super fans or utterly non plussed participants in the arcane ritual of group sports but either way the Super Bowl provides impetus for them to emerge from their isolationist cocoons/bunkers to eat cheese and practice normal socialization. Pisces are a romantic lot that choose song over sport and love over violence. They’re also notorious for getting drunk before the second quarter but with one of their own, HRH Rihanna set to take the stage, they may just make it to halftime without being half in the bag. Astrology 101: Your guide to the stars Astrologer Reda Wigle researches and irreverently reports back on planetary configurations and their effect on each zodiac sign. Her horoscopes integrate history, poetry, pop culture and personal experience. She is also an accomplished writer who has profiled a variety of artists and performers, as well as extensively chronicled her experiences while traveling. Among the many intriguing topics she has tackled are cemetery etiquette, her love for dive bars, Cuban Airbnbs, a “girls guide” to strip clubs and the “weirdest” foods available abroad.