The early bird gets the worm. Remember that one? Never impressed us much. Who wants a worm? They aren’t much to look at, and we can’t imagine that they taste all that good either. Might as well sleep in if eating a worm is the alternative. But if the early bird was instead scoring thousands of dollars off of outdoor furniture sets? Now you have our attention. You can get a worm for free anytime you want if you go outside after a rainstorm, but it’s not every day that Frontgate offers $2,000+ off stunning, comfortable outdoor seating, kitchen, and dining options. It’s not everyday, but it is today, and tomorrow. Now until Feb. 16, Frontgate is offering huge savings on outdoor furniture. It might feel a little early to be thinking about lounging poolside in your new teak sofa set, but consider what we were saying early about the early bird. In case it’s not clear: that could be you. You could be the early bird, eating a meal of huge savings by purchasing your weatherproof outdoor dining table in February. Below, we’ve picked out ten of our favorite deals. This Valentine’s Day, if you’re a bird, we’re a bird. Anybody watching “The Notebook” tonight? Sink into savings with this Ashby 3-Piece Loveseat set in Putty Finish, currently $1,000 off on Frontgate. Choose from three cushion colors, and save. What’s better than an Ashby 7-Piece Rectangular Dining Set in Shell Finish from Frontgate? How about an Ashby 7-Piece Rectangular Dining Set in Shell Finish and 1,400 extra dollars in your pocket? For fans of breathable, open-weave outdoor furniture, there’s this Isola 3-Piece Loveseat Set in Natural Finish, available for a breezy $900 off this Valentine’s Day. Love the above chairs, but feel like the set is missing a centerpiece? Try this 7-Piece Rectangular Dining Set, complete with a table fit for six, $1,800 off from Frontgate today. You’re already eating outside at your brand-new outdoor dining table. So it stands to reason that you’d be cooking outside, too. Snag this Isola 3-Piece Outdoor Kitchen Set in Natural Teak for $800 off today from Frontgate. Lighten up! This bone-colored version of the Isola 3-Piece Loveseat Set is $900 off this Valentine’s Day. This week, buy the Weathered Finish without eroding your savings. Frontgate kiln-dries their teak before constructing their St. Kitts 7-Piece Expandable Teak Dining Set, eliminating shrinkage and expansion in the wood once it’s in your backyard. Speaking of shrinkage: this week, the price of this Dining Set has shrunk by $1,400. For those interested in a more modern option, Frontgate is offering the Estero Teak 3-Piece Sofa Set for $1,400 off. Bring your backyard into the future, and save this Valentine’s Day. What’s the point of having a large, beautiful outdoor area if you don’t have a modular sofa to lounge on and shoot the breeze? We recommend this Pasadena II 5-Piece Modular Sofa Set, marked down a whopping $2,200 this Valentine’s Day. Whether you’re in the Hamptons or not, you can still enjoy this great deal on the Hampton 7-Piece Rectangle Dining Set in Ivory Finish, $1,700 off from Frontgate this Valentine’s Day. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.