Shopping for swimwear, especially as a plus-sized or mid-sized woman can be like jumping into the deep end with no lifeguard in sight. In a sea of cute bikinis and strappy one-pieces, finding the few that go past a size 10 or 12 can be choppy, and when you do find them in extended sizes, the styles turn frumpy and cover too much skin. Remember — every body is a beach body! Luckily, Target is here to throw us a life preserver in the form a new swim collection, with extended sizes available for most all body-types. The collection is now available to shop, both online and in stores, with a variety of styles and sizes to choose from. The suits also showed up on TikTok and other social media platforms, with plus-sized creators doing try-on hauls and videos, showing off their beach-ready bodies with Target’s new looks. The styles in the video above are all in a size 2XL, but other styles go up to a 3XL or 4XL with some bra-based styles that go up to a DDD cup and a 38-inch band. Ready to be buns out when the sun’s out, or at least get vacation ready before spring break? Then shop the swim styles below — including bikinis and one-pieces — and get ready for summer 2023. Get all laced up and ready for spring with this bikini top from Wild Fable. The top comes in four colors, depending on size, and ranges from an XS to a 3X. The model above is wearing a size 1X. White is perfect for a summer’s day out in the sun. Shop this flirty and frilly bikini now, available in white with a size range of XS to 3X. The model above is wearing a size 1X. We have heart-eyes just thinking about this swimsuit look. The pink hearts are super on trend, with adjustable ties and a size range of XS to 3X. The model above is wearing a size 1X. Wild about floral print? This bikini has you written all over it then, with a 70s retro style pattern and adjustable straps, ranging in size from an XS to a 3X. The model above is wearing a size 1X. Think pink! This one-shoulder swimsuit is a fun take on the classic one-piece, with a ruffle to add even more pizzaz. The suit comes in both letter sizing and numerical, ranging from an XS to an XL and up to a size 24. The model above is wearing a size 18. Mix and match any of the above tops with these flattering bottoms, available in blue, green, hot pink, orange and black — covering all you bases while still showing some cheek, ranging from an XS to a 3X. The model above is wearing a size 1X. Embrace major vacation vibes with these fun patterned bottoms from Kona Sol. They offer full coverage in the back, too, with a high-waisted fit, ranging from an XL to a 3X. The model above is wearing a size 1X. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.