A California dad was seeing red when his young son came home from school “really upset” after he was reportedly told by his teacher that “painting your nails is only for girls.” Christian Shearhod and his girlfriend, Eden, gasped upon hearing the news, and they took 3-year-old Ashton to a nail salon in West Hollywood last week to hammer a point about “gender norms.” They documented their journey on TikTok in a clip that has nailed 4.3 million views and 747,000 likes as of Friday afternoon. At the salon, green-haired Ashton giggled with excitement as he selected a bright pink polish. He proudly stated he wanted to get his fingers and his toes done, telling the technician, “I want pink.” He was overjoyed to see Eden decided to match him with the same color nails. After the polish was applied, Ashton blew on his fingernails to dry them. Shearhod noted he had “no idea where he learned this at” with a laughing emoji. Shearhod, a teacher himself, told NBC News he and his son have been painting their nails together since Ashton began expressing interest in nail polish at the age of 2. “I really just wanted to make sure that he didn’t have guilt or shame, because it is something that he enjoyed, and we had done together multiple times,” Shearhod explained. The dad stressed that he wants his son to enjoy life without “strict gender norms” — adding that he had a conversation with Ashton’s teacher about the incident. The teacher’s name was not disclosed in the article or video. “I just told them, ‘Hey, I’d appreciate it if you didn’t say that kind of thing to Ashton, kind of let him do his own thing,’ ” he told NBC. Fifteen thousand comments have been filed under Shearhod’s TikTok — most in support of dad and son. However, Shearhod told NBC he sometimes fields inappropriate comments and questions, with one user even asking, “Soo he is gay?” Shearhod responded to the comment in a separate video, saying, “He is literally 3 years old; he can’t be gay because he doesn’t have a sexuality yet, and you’re not going to assign him a sexuality because he likes feminine things or things outside of his typical gender norm.” Despite the negative remarks, he hopes to use his platform of 936,000 TikTok followers to help LGBTQ students however he can. “I just want to inspire students to really want to be themselves, unfiltered,” said Shearhod, who is dating a transgender woman and identifies as straight. The Post reached out to Shearhod for comment.