Rihanna wasn’t the only one shining bright like a diamond during her Super Bowl 2023 halftime show. American sign language interpreter Justina Miles was the breakout star of the night, signing for deaf viewers at home as she enthusiastically danced along to Rihanna’s set list. The 20-year-old — who also appeared during Sheryl Lee Ralph’s pre-show performance — made history as the first hard-of-hearing female performer to sign at the Super Bowl halftime show. Miles hails from Philadelphia and is currently a nursing student at HBCU Bowie State University, according to CNBC. The youngster is already highly accomplished, having been part of the USA team that went to the 2021-2022 Deaflympics in Brazil, where she won a silver medal as part of the 4×100 women’s track relay team. She was also the valedictorian at the Model Secondary School for the Deaf in Washington, DC, according to the National Association of the Deaf. “I value the opportunity to make it possible for all deaf people to enjoy these songs, and not have them miss out on the full Super Bowl experience,” Miles told CNBC’s “Make It” prior to the Super Bowl. “(It’s) not only for me to share this experience with the whole world, but to really bring that empowerment to millions and millions of black deaf people all over the country who’ve never really seen that before. I feel that is truly lifting every voice, even my voice,” she continued. Miles’ performance while interpreting RiRi’s show quickly blew up online, with one TikTok gaining 3.5 million likes and 15.2 million views by Monday morning. Twitter similarly went wild for Miles — with some even saying she outshone Rihanna herself. “Girlie ATE the ASL performance for Rihanna’s Superbowl Halftime Show,” one new fan cheered. “SUPER BOWL ASL Interpreter Justina Miles WERK WERK Worked the Halftime Show,” another chimed in, referencing Rihanna’s track “Work.” “Hold up… Why did the ASL translator one-up Rihanna during her own performance?!” a third admirer asked. Despite it being her first Super Bowl appearance, Miles has previously gone viral online, showing off her signing skills. In 2020, she caused a social media frenzy with her take on the “Crush On You” challenge, interpreting the song by rapper Lil’ Kim. Rihanna’s highly anticipated halftime performance was her first time back onstage in seven years and she captured the audience’s attention with both her show and by using the moment to reveal that she is pregnant with her second child. Before the Kansas City Chiefs defeated the Philadelphia Eagles, the icon performed some of her greatest hits, kicking off the set with “Bitch Better Have My Money” followed by a jam-packed set list with songs including “Work,” “Diamonds,” “Only Girl (In the World),” “We Found Love” and “Pour It Up.” Social media went into a frenzy during her performance, speculating that the singer might be pregnant again, and her reps later confirmed it to be true.