The S&P 500 and the Nasdaq rallied to higher closes on Wednesday after Federal Reserve chair Jerome Powell acknowledged that inflation was starting to ease following a quarter-point rate hike by the central bank, which issued a statement that it expects “ongoing increases.” The Dow Jones Industrial Average edged up 6.92 points to 34,092.96, the Nasdaq climbed 2% and the S&P 500 rose 1.1%. The Dow had been down as much as 400 points. Wall Street’s major indexes lost ground immediately after the statement and were volatile for a while, then started to regain ground in earnest after Powell responded to reporters roughly a half hour later. Investors were encouraged by Powell’s answer to a question, during his press conference – about easing financial conditions such as equities regaining ground and bond yields falling in recent months, according to Angelo Kourkafas, investment strategist at Edward Jones, St Louis. “He had an opportunity to relay a hawkish message and didn’t take it. He could’ve said that markets are getting overly excited and he didn’t take the opportunity. Instead he said a lot of tightening has already happened,” said Kourkafas. And since Powell acknowledged disinflation investors saw his suggestion that there could be two more rate hikes as a “placeholder”” the strategist said. The Fed was widely seen as raising its target interest rate by a quarter of a percentage point in its first policy meeting of the year, after the rapid increases in 2022 to tame decades-high inflation. Money markets are betting on one more 25 basis point (bps) hike in March, and a terminal rate of 4.9% in June. Recent readings have indicated that inflation is easing, with the Fed also looking at data that will determine the resilience of the labor market and the pace of wage growth. Meanwhile, the ADP National Employment report showed fewer-than-expected private job additions in January, while another piece of data showed US job openings unexpectedly rose in December. The readings came ahead of the Labor Department’s comprehensive report on nonfarm payrolls for January due on Friday. Separately, data showed US manufacturing contracted further in January as higher interest rates stifled demand for goods. Advanced Micro Devices added 13% as the semiconductor maker said it expects its business to improve in the second half of the year. Snap tumbled 10% after the social media company said it expects current-quarter revenue to decline by as much as 10%. Videogame publisher Electronic Arts slumped 9.3% on lowering its annual bookings forecast. With nearly 200 companies in the S&P 500 having reported fourth-quarter earnings, about 70% have topped Wall Street expectations. Analysts now see earnings of S&P 500 firms declining 2.4% for the quarter, per Refinitiv estimates.