The man who flew into an ax-wielding rampage at a Lower East Side McDonald’s last year was struck by a hit-and-run driver while riding his bike in Manhattan Friday evening. Michael Palacios was riding his cargo bike along Fifth Avenue with his dog Simba when an SUV driver struck them from behind and then sped off, according to surveillance video posted to Instagram by Palacios. The 32-year-old bike messenger said he insulted the person’s driving before they rammed him with the vehicle near East 50th Street just before 4:40 p.m. “What happened? I told a bad driver he drives like s–t… I proceeded and he rammed me from behind,” Palacios wrote in the caption of the video. The alarming footage captured the SUV driving through an intersection right into the back of Palacios’ bike without slowing down. Palacios fell off the bike and his dog Simba tumbled off the front before both stood up. The driver only breaks after striking them and waits for Palacios to move just out of the way before speeding off — narrowly missing Simba who was walking towards his owner, the footage shows. “We don’t deserve this,” Palacios wrote. The NYPD confirmed a report of a hit-and-run involving a cyclist on Friday at the same location, but were unable to confirm that the victim was Palacios because the department does not identify non-fatal victims. The victim sustained minor injuries to his leg and was treated on the scene, police added. Palacios said his cargo bike took most of the impact and shared a photo of the mangled bicycle on Instagram. “The great thing about cargo bikes is they receive 90% of the impact,” he said, adding that Simba was not leashed to the bike so he was able to move to safety. He has since launched a GoFundMe page to raise money for a new cargo bike — raising  nearly $2,000 of its $5,000 goal by early Wednesday. Palacios went viral last September after he was caught on camera smashing up a McDonald’s on Delancey after getting into a dispute with three customers at the fast food restaurant. He was arrested and charged with criminal mischief and three counts of menacing and two counts of criminal possession of a weapon following the incident. A couple days later, Palacios told The Post that he isn’t “unhinged” and was only defending himself after he got smacked around by the three men — adding that he never swung the ax at any people, only property. The driver in Friday’s hit-and-run remains at large.