Hey, guess what? The COVID emergency is over — three months from now! God made the universe in six days. It will take President Joe Biden about 240, all in all, to bring an end to an “emergency” that ought to have been over the very moment he said it was over in September 2022. I know Joe Biden isn’t God, to put it mildly, but this is setting the bar a little low even for a president who has redefined the meaning of the phrase “setting the bar low.” To recap: The president declared the crisis moment had passed Sept. 18, 2022, when he appeared on “60 Minutes” and said “the pandemic is over.” On Jan. 30, 2023, the White House announced the official “COVID emergency” would come to an end in May 2023. That’s eight months after Biden’s “60 Minutes” claim. Why May? Well, according to The New York Times, the Biden White House wants “an orderly transition out of the public health emergency.” Welcome to Orwell-ville. An “orderly transition” out of an emergency is to end all emergency measures the second the emergency is over. A state of emergency is — by definition — a condition of existential disorder. People are forced to live and act and work in a manner other than what would be normal. Ordinary rules are suspended. Ordinary procedures are superseded by extraordinary procedures that wouldn’t be in place otherwise. An emergency is a disruption of the usual, the regular. The snapback should be instantaneous and reflexive, like a leg settling back into its steady position after its reflex point has been tapped by a hammer. Order is orderly. Disorder is disorderly. Order trumps and ends disorder. Everybody knows this. You don’t need oxygen if your lungs are working normally. You don’t need a cast if your leg is no longer broken. So what gives here? What’s with the three months? It’s simple. This is not about an emergency, and it hasn’t been for more than a year. This is about the people who have actually gained things from the emergency and who need to be weaned off the unhealthy and society-killing benefits they have reaped since March 2020. Said the White House: “An abrupt end to the emergency declarations would create wide-ranging chaos and uncertainty throughout the health care system — for states, for hospitals and doctors’ offices, and, most importantly, for tens of millions of Americans.” I’m sorry, but this is a demented series of claims. “Tens of millions of Americans” do not equal 330 million Americans, which is the actual population of the country. Perhaps they will find the new dispensation more difficult. But living under the COVID administration has made life difficult for everyone. Also, “uncertainty” is not a crisis to be avoided; we live with uncertainty every minute of every day. What’s more, COVID was the bringer of chaos to the health-care system, so how can the fact that it has come to an end bring chaos? Here’s the New York Times press release — sorry, “news report”: “Ending the emergency will prompt complex changes in the cost of Covid tests and treatments that Americans are accustomed to getting for free. Any charges they face will vary depending on whether they have private insurance, Medicare coverage, Medicaid coverage or no health insurance. What state they live in could also be a factor.” Here’s the thing: People don’t need COVID tests and treatments in the way they did before. Know why? Because there’s way less COVID, and what does persist is vastly less dangerous. This is all disingenuous hogwash anyway. What the Biden people are doing here is trying to provide a soft landing for their government-worker constituents, so many of them toiling from home, who have been the true beneficiaries of the changes in workplace rules since 2020 — not the people for whom they work, namely us. Or maybe they’re all just trying to figure out what the hell the boss is actually trying to say, since Biden announced out of nowhere Tuesday, “The COVID emergency will end when the Supreme Court ends it.” I’m not sure whether that statement fills out your “Biden is an idiot” or your “Biden is senile” square on your “There’s Something Wrong With Biden” bingo card, but you can certainly make an argument for either — or both!