The football star was a rookie when it came to the camera. Sally Field revealed Wednesday that football legend Tom Brady was very nervous when he was shooting his scenes for the upcoming film, “80 for Brady.” “He was lovely,” the two-time Oscar winner told People for the magazine’s cover story. “He just was Tom Brady. He was a completely lovely human.” “He told me, ‘I’m so nervous.’ He felt like he didn’t know where to put his feet. But he was a natural,” continued the 76-year-old actress. “Athletes get the same kind of adrenaline, except most actors aren’t worried that their limbs will be ripped off.” Field’s co-star Jane Fonda said she felt “weak in the knees” around Brady, who announced his retirement Wednesday. “My knees actually got weak when he walked into my trailer,” Fonda recalled. “I’m in awe of that kind of skill. When somebody is the best in the world at what they do, you have to honor that and respect it. I was just awestruck.” The 85-year-old screen legend echoed Field’s sentiments about the quarterback’s humbleness. “He was kind and humble, which is hard to believe considering how brilliant he is at what he does, but it’s true. He was also sweet and polite,” said Fonda. Brady responded to the comments made by Field, saying that he was touched. “That’s a serious compliment coming from someone so incredibly talented,” said the 45-year-old quarterback. “I learned so much from Sally just being in the same room as her and it was truly an honor to work alongside her for this film.” “She is so much fun to be around and I loved my time on set with everyone,” said Brady. The film — which was inspired by a true story — follows four friends (played by Field, Rita Moreno, Lily Tomlin and Fonda) and their pilgrimage to 2017’s Super Bowl LI in hopes of witnessing a Patriots victory. “80 for Brady” also stars Billy Porter, Guy Fieri and former Patriots tight end Ron Gronkowski. Field also said that she initially tried to avoid films that centered around a large group of women. “I have avoided some other films that are groups of ladies because I have certain feelings that women are about so much more than just looking for a date or who’s my next husband,” explained the “Lincoln” actress. “Or even trying to fix it with your husband and sharing that with your girlfriends. I just have the feeling that women are about a lot more.” “And this movie struck me because it was what I’d been saying. Let it be that women are showing a different side of themselves,” she added. “80 for Brady” will punt its way into theaters on Feb. 3.