Three people — two of them students — were shot outside a Brooklyn high school on Wednesday afternoon, police and law enforcement sources said. Bullets flew just past the 2 p.m. dismissal time after a fight erupted outside the Williamsburg Charter High School at 198 Varet Street, cops said. A 15-year-old girl was shot in the right leg and a 17-year-old boy was shot in the left thigh, cops said. A 37-year-old man — a security guard at the school — suffered a graze wound to the neck, according to police. The students were taken to Bellevue Hospital, and the staffer to Elmhurst General, all in stable condition. It was not clear whether any of the victims were the intended targets, cops said. “This started as a dispute, a physical fight,” down the block from the school, near White Street, NYPD spokesperson Lt. Paul Ng said in a press briefing. About 15 men got into the melee, and one of them whipped out a 2×4 stick — which is when the shooter opened fire, according to Ng. The suspect, who was described as wearing black Adidas pants, a white and gray hooded jacket and a brown bubble jacket, fled the scene. The 2×4 stick was left behind, but the firearm was not recovered, cops said. Isolde Genet, a 22-year-old bartender, was cooking inside her apartment when she heard “mostly men’s voices shouting” in what she described as a “very intense” argument, she told The Post. “It started to escalate … and then some screaming. I think I heard two gunshots,” Genet said. She looked out her window and saw teenagers wearing backpacks running. Andrew Nieves, a machinist who works across the street, said students were leaving school as classes ended “like normal” when several shots rang out. “All of a sudden one girl starts screaming [at the] top of her lungs and all the kids started running down this way,” Nieves, 54, told The Post. The wounded girl “limped down the block and went inside the school,” he said, adding, “there’s a lot of blood inside.” The shooting is the second this week outside a Big Apple high school. A 17-year-old girl was shot in the stomach and a 19-year-old man was grazed in the head Monday after a masked gunman took aim at them a block away from their Williamsburg high school campus. A few weeks earlier, a 13-year-old boy was charged with opening fire on two teenage students outside Campus Magnet HS in Cambria Heights, Queens. The victims — a 14-year-old girl and a 16-year-old boy — were waiting for the bus when they were struck in the ankle and leg, respectively. A December report by The Post found that a growing number of teens are getting shot — and pulling the trigger — in the Big Apple. Additional reporting by Steven Vago and Katie Donlevy