A 16-year-old transgender British TikToker was found stabbed to death in a village park in broad daylight Saturday, leading to the arrests of two teenagers. Brianna Ghey, who had thousands of followers on the social media platform, was discovered by passersby suffering from multiple stab wounds at Linear Park in Warrington, Cheshire, around 3 p.m. local time, BBC News reported. Police detectives said they have found no evidence that Ghey’s killing was a hate crime related to her being a transgender girl. The investigation has led to the arrests of a boy and a girl, both 15, who are facing murder charges. Police said the suspects, who have not been named, are from the Warrington area. They are in custody. Detective Chief Superintendent Mike Evans said Ghey’s killing was believed to be a “targeted attack,” but police were still trying to determine what led to it. “At this time, there is no evidence to suggest that the circumstances surrounding Brianna’s death are hate-related,” he said. “Patrols have been stepped up in the local area and officers will remain in the Culcheth area to provide reassurance and address any concerns that residents may have.” Evans appealed to anyone with information on this case, “no matter how big or small,” to come forward. “We are also keen for people and businesses within the local community to check any CCTV or dashcam footage for anything that may aid our investigation,” he added. In a statement released to the media, Ghey’s family members said her untimely death has left a “massive hole” in their lives. “Brianna was a much loved daughter, granddaughter, and baby sister,” the statement read. “She was a larger-than-life character who would leave a lasting impression on all that met her. Brianna was beautiful, witty and hilarious. Brianna was strong, fearless and one of a kind.” Emma Mills, the headteacher at Birchwood Community High School where Ghey was a student, said, “We are shocked and truly devastated to hear of the death of Brianna.”