Two of the most divisive lawmakers on Capitol Hill are embroiled in a he-said-she-said argument over whether they spoke to one another at the State of the Union. A spokeswoman for Sen. Kyrsten Sinema (I-Ariz.) on Friday denied lying Rep. George Santos’ (R-NY) account of a supposed friendly exchange between the two right before President Biden’s Tuesday address. Santos told Newsmax on Thursday that after Sen. Mitt Romney (R-Utah) scolded him as he walked into the chamber, Sinema, a former Democrat who left the party last year, told the Long Island congressman to “hang in there, buddy” as she walked by. “I said ‘Thank you, madam senator,’” Santos claimed during the interview. “She was very polite, very kind-hearted as I’ve learned to see her. She’s a good person, unlike Mr. Romney.” Sinema’s office told The Post on Friday that the exchange never happened. “She did not speak to George Santos,” Hannah Hurley, the Arizona lawmaker’s communications director, told The Post. A spokeswoman for Santos told The Post, “The SOTU was three days ago, and there is footage of the senator and the congressman having a brief exchange.” “Please see the footage,” she added. Video from the evening shows Sinema walking slightly ahead of a heated Romney and turning to speak in the direction of Santos right as the Utah Republican is lashing out at Santos. Hurley told The Post that Sinema was talking to her former colleagues in the House and not Santos. “She did speak to other people in the aisle – including Congressmen and women she used to serve with,” Hurley said. The independent Arizona senator lashed out at news outlets publishing Santos’ claims that she directed warm words his way. “It takes less time to watch video that proves two dudes are lying than it does to write the story repeating the lie,” Sinema wrote in a tweet  linking to a Newsweek article about the alleged conversation. Santos is under investigation by the House Ethics Committee after being hit with at least two ethics complaints over his admitted fabrications about his background, education, religion, and charitable work. Federal investigators are also reportedly examining whether he violated campaign finance law.