A North Carolina woman has accused a Chick-Fil-A employee of putting a racial slur on her receipt when she stopped by at her favorite place to eat. Nyiashia Jackson, 19, pulled up last week at the drive-thru in Charlotte, where she was shocked to see what was written on her receipt. To her dismay, her name appeared to have been turned into a racial slur with a minor typo – the N-word spelled with one G, WCCB Charlotte reported. “I was just in shock. I literally parked right there, I couldn’t eat the food,” Jackson told the news outlet. She told WSOC that after she gave the employee her name, she pulled up to the window, where another worker who handed her the order gave her a heads-up. “He was like, ‘You might want to look what they put your name as,’” Jackson told the station. “I was just in shock. I literally parked right there. I couldn’t eat the food, I was just in shock.” Her mom, April Jackson, told WCCB: “A young lady who took her order asked her name. She told them her name was Nyiashia and she put on her ticket (N-word).” She added that she wants the employee to be fired. In a statement to the outlet, Chick-Fil-A said it is the company’s “expectation that guests at all Chick-fil-A restaurants are treated with honor, dignity, and respect. “The Operator/Owner of Chick-fil-A Mountain Island has thoroughly investigated and tried to connect with the customer to better understand her experience and apologize for the situation,” it said. “Though we understand this to be a misspelling of the customer’s name, that does not negate the impact or experience had by our guests. The Operator has started additional training at his restaurant to ensure this doesn’t happen again. We sincerely apologize for the harm caused by this incident,” the company added. But April scoffed at the mention of training. “You shouldn’t have to be trained to not call someone a n—. I’m just being as honest as I can be, I want the employee fired,” she told WSOC. The furious mom acknowledged that Chick-Fil-A has tried to contact the family, but said she can’t respond because they are in the process of suing the company.