Tom Brady is looking to exhale following a whirlwind year. While appearing on “The Herd with Colin Cowherd” on Monday, the newly retired quarterback remarked how he’s looking forward to “catching up on other parts of my life” before stepping into Fox’s top NFL broadcasting booth in the fall of 2024. “Even in the future, I want to be great at what I do and that always takes some time and strategizing and learning and growing and evolving,” Brady said. “It’s going to be a great opportunity for me to take some time to really, certainly become at my Fox broadcasting job, which I’m really looking forward to, but also catching up on other parts of my life that need some time and energy.” Brady agreed to join Fox Sports last spring as their lead NFL analyst following the end of his playing career, inking a monster 10-year, $375 million contract. The seven-time Super Bowl champ confirmed last Wednesday that he’s hanging up his cleats after 23 seasons. “I’ll get to the point right away: I’m retiring. For good,” the 45-year-old Brady said in an emotional Instagram video. Brady’s retirement announcement came roughly two weeks after he and the Buccaneers were ousted from the playoffs, ending what’s been a challenging season for the quarterback. In October, Brady confirmed that he and his wife of 13 years, supermodel Gisele Bündchen, had finalized their divorce. Bündchen, 42, congratulated Brady on his prolific career, posting on Instagram last Wednesday, “Wishing you only wonderful things in this new chapter of your life.” Brady and Bündchen have two children together, son Benjamin, 13, and daughter Vivian, 10. The former Buccaneers and Patriots quarterback is also a dad to 15-year-old son Jack, whom he shares with his ex, actress Bridget Moynahan. When Brady does move forward with Fox, he’ll be working alongside the network’s top play-by-play announcer, Kevin Burkhardt, who is calling Super Bowl 2023 between the Chiefs and Eagles this weekend with a fellow NFL retiree, Greg Olsen.