The eyelash stylist who was allegedly fed a slice of poisoned cheesecake by a Russian dominatrix “looked like a vegetable” and could barely move her eyes when her sister found her, the sibling testified in Queens court Wednesday. Speaking through a Russian interpreter, Iryna Kozachenko, 35, described finding her sister Olga Tsvyk nearly passed out in her Forest Hills home, with scores of pills littering the floor of her second-floor bedroom. “She was feeling very bad and she just looked at me, she looked like a vegetable,” Kozachenko told jurors. “She was extremely tired. She could barely move her eyes. It looked like she was asleep.” Her sister tried to communicate with her but couldn’t really move, Kozachenko testified. “I also noticed near the bed, under the bed and also near the chest, there were pills,” she said. “They were white color, round. I collected them and put [them] aside. It was either in a bag or napkin, something. I put it aside.” Prosecutors have accused Viktoria Nasyrova — a 47-year-old Russian-born dominatrix — of poisoning her lookalike pal in a warped attempt to steal her identity. Tsvyk previously testified that Nasyrova came to her home in August 2016 under the façade of desperately needing an eyelash touch-up — and then fed her a slice of cheesecake prosecutors allege was laced with the powerful Russian tranquilizer Phenazepan. Tsvyk also told the court she began feeling ill about 20 minutes after eating the dessert. Eventually she threw up and lost consciousness. Authorities say Nasyrova snatched Tsvyk’s passport and thousands of dollars in cash, then tried to frame her by scattering pills around her lingerie-clad body to make it look like a suicide attempt. The alleged victim’s sister backed up these allegations Wednesday, telling the court that her sister’s Ukrainian passport and American ID were missing from their usual hiding spot when she arrived. Kozachenko said she flew to New York from Ukraine as soon as she heard her sister was feeling ill and arrived two days later to find her in a distressing state. She brought Tsvyk to the hospital. But her sister continued to struggle after being released the next day — Kozachenko said she fed Tsvyk and had to hold her up so she could go to the bathroom. “I was feeding her, and sometimes I could witness her losing consciousness and she was sort of falling to the side,” Kozachenko said, choking up. “So I tried to be with her all the time to not let her fall.” Nasyrova — who is also wanted in Russia for allegedly drugging and murdering her neighbor — denied the poisoning in a 2017 jailhouse interview with The Post, calling the ordeal simply a misunderstanding. “The last time I saw Olga, she was already not feeling good — she said she either ate something or got food poisoning,” Nasyrova said at the time. On Wednesday, the daughter of the Russian woman Nasyrova is accused of murdering in 2014 also took the stand, telling jurors she confronted the dominatrix during a police sting after her mother’s gruesome death. Nadezda Ford said she flew to Russia when her mom Alla Alekseenko — who had suddenly fallen ill with what seemed like a cold — stopped responding to her calls and messages. On Oct. 5, 2014, Ford said she called her mom “millions of times.” “I texted, I called through Skype, I called direct,” Ford said. “I tried any way I could to reach her. There was no success.” She then called Nasyrova — who her mom had once described as her “nice neighbor” and who Ford had played tour guide to in the Big Apple in 2013. Nasyrova said she’d seen Alekseenko a day earlier, Ford testified. Ford left work and went to Russia, where she eventually found out her mom had died and her house had been robbed. “Everything — the family gold, bags — everything was missing, [from] the perfume [to] toothbrush, toothpaste, money, her credit cards, her wallet, her passport, everything,” Ford told the court. “It was absolutely wiped clean.” Ford and her brother went to the police, who arranged the sting. The plan was simple: Plainclothes cops would sit and watch from an unmarked car while Ford confronted Nasyrova at her home. Ford walked up and hugged Nasyrova — hard, and not in an affable way. She asked a question, something along the lines of, “Did you kill my mother?” “When I asked her this question and squeezed her tight, she started maybe choking a little and she pushed me away and ran upstairs to her apartment,” Ford testified. The police chased her upstairs, where they arrested Nasyrova, questioned her and released her. Ford stayed in Russia for another six months. When she came back to America, she tried contacting Nasyrova over and over. Ford said she only got one response: “I told everything to the police.” She broke down and wept after she left the witness stand. The prosecution also plans to call as a star witness a Queens man who claims Nasyrova drugged him after they met on a Russian dating site in 2016. He woke up three days later in Columbia Presbyterian hospital, the district attorney said. Nasyrova faces up to 25 years in prison if convicted of attempted murder, burglary and other charges in the Queens case.