’80s music fans, we come bearing good news. Many of the decade’s biggest stars like Madonna, REO Speedwagon, Pat Benatar, Mötley Crüe and Billy Idol are all staging massive tours in 2023. Now, you can add new wave icons Duran Duran to that list. The 2022 Rock and Roll Hall of Fame inductees just announced a 26-concert extension of their “Future Past Tour” that began last year. This time around, Simon Le Bon and co. are bringing special guests Nile Rodgers and Chic for the second consecutive tour and adding a new opener as well — modern-day pop stars Bastille. New Yorkers are in luck too — on Sept. 3, the two-time Grammy winners will perform at the Constellation Brands Performing Arts Center in Canandaigua, NY. They won’t just headline at concerts all over the U.S. and Canada this year either. The band will also lend their talents to Napa, CA’s BottleRock Festival on May 26-28 alongside The Red Hot Chili Peppers, Post Malone and Lizzo. And if you’re “Hungry Like The Wolf” for Duran Duran tickets, you can snatch them up as early as today. Although inventory isn’t available on Ticketmaster until Thursday, Feb. 16 fans who want to ensure they have tickets ahead of time can purchase on sites like Vivid Seats before seats are officially on sale. Vivid Seats is a secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand. They have a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and will be delivered before the event.  A complete schedule including all of Duran Duran’s upcoming tour dates, venues and links to buy tickets can be found below.  Many huge names will be dropping into this year’s annual Memorial Day Weekend festival. Just a few of our favorites set to appear other than the aforementioned headliners this year include Lil Nas X, The Smashing Pumpkins, Wu-Tang Clan, Sheryl Crow and The National. You can buy three-day passes for the BottleRock Festival here.  While the band released two singles in 2022, their crowning achievement is the 2021 album “Future Past.” Made up of 12 tracks and featuring special guests like Tove Lo, Ivorian Doll, CHAI and Mike Garson, the record is a return to form for the new wave mega stars. “‘Future Past’ (emphasizes) that (one) can look back fondly at your past self without getting lost in nostalgia,” raves Salon. Want to try the album on for size? You can hear “Future Past” in its entirety here.  As noted earlier, Duran Duran is bringing along a pair of big names in their own right for these upcoming tour dates. Here’s a quick primer on the tour’s support acts. Nile Rodgers and Chic are Rock and Roll Hall of Famers. They’ve racked up six Grammy Awards and helped usher in the disco era with the infectious, ubiquitous dance tracks “Le Freak” and “Good Times.” If you’re looking for some deeper cuts, we recommend checking out their catchy 2018 album “It’s About Time.” Bastille broke big with their anthemic single “Pomepii.” However, they’re no one-trick pony. The group’s second biggest single “Happier” has over a billion streams on Spotify and their third most-streamed “Good Grief” isn’t far behind. In 2022, they released the 27-track “Give Me The Future + Dreams Of The Past” if you want an all-afternoon Bastille jam sesh.  When you have as many hits as Duran Duran, what do you play live? Well, on the first round of “Future Past” tour dates, the band mixed it up quite a bit. While obvious staples like “Hungry Like The Wolf,” “The Reflex,” “Ordinary World,” “Come Undone” and “Rio” were played at each gig, Simon Le Bon, Nick Rhodes, John Taylor and Roger Taylor also mixed in David Bowie covers, oddities and “James Bond” homages. If you want to take a look for yourself at what the band played when, you can by checking out Set List FM. For those that want to dig back to the band’s humble beginnings, you can even find records of what they played at their first Birmingham shows way back in 1979 on the link from above.  As noted earlier, we’re in a bit of a boom era for ’80s acts playing live. Here are just five more of our favorite ’80s acts that you can catch at a venue near you in the next few months. • Journey • Foreigner • The B-52s • Rick Springfield • Styx Want to turn back time a bit further? Check out our list of the 22 biggest classic rockers on tour in 2023 here.