The Chicks had so much fun on tour in 2022, they’re doing it all over again this summer. Starting July 21 and running up until Sept. 18, Natalie Maines, Emily Strayer and Martie Maguire will travel all over North America as part of their 2023 World Tour. “Thank you to all our fans for making last Summer so fun!” the trio shared over Instagram. “It’s time to get the party going again! We can’t wait to see everyone!” This time around, the 12-time Grammy winners will play New York venues three times midway through the run. First, they’ll hit Bethel’s Bethel Woods Center for the Arts on Aug. 3, Saratoga Springs’ Saratoga Performing Arts Center on Aug. 6 and Canandaigua’s Constellation Brands Performing Arts Center on Aug. 11. Plus, the “Cowboy Take Me Away” singers won’t be going it alone. On select dates, The Chicks will be bringing along special guests Maren Morris, Ben Harper and Wild Rivers. Best of all, tickets can be secured as early as today. Although inventory isn’t available on Ticketmaster until Thursday, Feb. 16, fans who want to ensure they have tickets ahead of time can purchase on sites like Vivid Seats before they’re are officially on sale. Vivid Seats is a secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand. They have a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and will be delivered before the event.  Before The Chicks jet-set all over the globe, they’ll headline six nights at Las Vegas’ Zappos Theater at Planet Hollywood from May 3 through May 13. Once their “Six Nights In Vegas” residency concludes, they’ll perform all over Europe before returning stateside on July 21 for their first U.S. concert as part of the official summer tour at Tulsa, OK’s BOK Center. From there, the country stars hit big cities like Nashville (July 27), Hershey, PA (Aug. 10), Madison, WI (Aug. 26), Kansas City (Aug. 29) and Vancouver (Sept. 5). The tour wraps up at Toronto’s Scotiabank Arena on Sept. 18. A complete calendar including all U.S. and Canada tour dates, show start times, venues and links to buy tickets can be found here.  In 2020, The Chicks dropped “Gaslighter,” their first album made up of new songs since 2006’s “Taking The Long Way.” Made up of 12 tracks, the empowering record tells the story of Maines’ divorce from her husband, “Heroes” actor Adrian Pasdar. Rolling Stone said “(‘Gaslighter’) conveys a push toward a calmer sort of freedom” for the group. If you want to hear the poppy, earnest record, you can listen to “Gaslighter” in its entirety here.  Last summer, the group formerly known as The Dixie Chicks stuck to a 22-song set that they played at most gigs with just a bit of variation according to Set List FM. While we can’t predict what they’ll play this time around, here was what one could expect when they played last year: 01. ) “Sin Wagon”02.) “Gaslighter”03.) “Texas Man”04. ) “Julianna Calm Down” 05.) “The Long Way Around” 06.) “My Best Friend’s Weddings” 07.) “Sleep at Night” 08.) “Travelin’ Soldier” (Bruce Robison cover) 09.) “Wide Open Spaces” 10.) “Tights on My Boat” 11.) “Lubbock or Leave It” 12.) “Cowboy Take Me Away” 13.) “Long Time Gone/Daddy Lessons” 14.) “Landslide” (Fleetwood Mac cover) 15.) “Truth #2” (Patty Griffin cover) 16.) “March March” 17.) “For Her” 18.) “White Trash Wedding” 19.) “Everybody Loves You” 20.) “Young Man” 21.) “Not Ready to Make Nice” 22.) “Goodbye Earl“  If each show of The Chicks’ tour seem like co-headliner concerts, that may be intentional — the group is bringing some high-profile names along with them this time around. Here’s what you need to know about each of The Chicks’ special guest opening acts. Maren Morris headlined all over the U.S. in 2022 as part of her “Humble Quest Tour.” With a Grammy, six albums and a “Sesame Street” appearance under her belt as well, she has quite an impressive resume for an opening act. Want to see if you recognize her voice? Check out “The Middle” which has been streamed over 1.3 billion times on Spotify. Ben Harper, 53, rose to prominence in the mid-1990s with his backing band The Innocent Criminals. These days, Harper remains active having just released the 11-track record “Bloodline Maintenance” in 2022. For our money though, his greatest song though will always be the jangly “Homeless Child” from his 1997 album “The Will To Live.” Wild Rivers is a Canadian folk group made up of vocalist Devan Glover, guitarist/vocalist Khalid Yassein and guitarist/synths Andrew Oliver. As of now, Wild Rivers has only released two records — 2016’s self-titled “Wild Rivers” and 2022’s “Sidelines.” If you want a taste of their sound, start with the band’s biggest single “Thinking ‘Bout Love,” which is emblematic of their heartland sound.  It’s a good year for live music. Many of the biggest names in country are on tour all year long and we can’t wait to see them live. Here are just five of our favorites you won’t want to miss when they come to a venue near you over the next few months. • Carrie Underwood • Reba McEntire • Shania Twain • Bonnie Raitt • Lady A Not enough options for you? In that case, we recommend you check out our list of the 52 biggest concert tours in 2023 here.