One of the best things about Valentine’s Day gift-giving is that you don’t necessarily have to buy an expensive present to make your loved one feel appreciated. More often than not, presents that you DIY-ed or handcrafted with love can be more meaningful than a gift you ordered off Amazon. Any present that you exerted time and effort into is likely to be more valued than off-the-rack ones. Of course, this isn’t to say that gifts you didn’t conjure with your own two hands are considered impersonal. If the person you’re trying to impress is actually the one who loves to DIY, a great Valentine’s Day present is this pocket-sized color sensor from Nix Sensor, which happens to be on sale for just $59. A real-life eye dropper tool, the Nix Mini 2 is engineered to recognize just about any color with a quick scan, making it a nifty everyday device for anyone who works with color on the regular, like artists, photographers, interior designers, and DIY enthusiasts. When paired with the Nix Paints app, you can match any color to over 100,000 paint colors and build-out projects, as well as sRGB HEX, CMYK, and LAB colors. It also delivers color matches from popular paint brands like Benjamin Moore, Dulux, Farrow & Ball, Sherwin Williams, and more. Simply scan any surface, including painted walls, vinyl, leather, plastic, or fabric, and the app will yield as many color matches as it can. The device also blocks ambient light for accurate readings, while the app lets you save and organize your favorite color palettes. Lightweight, portable, and tiny, you can place the Nix color sensor in your pocket and whip it out whenever inspiration strikes. “This product is great for matching older paint which has changed color from its original color. The Color Sensor has saved me from having to totally repaint a wall,” says a verified purchaser. Make the special DIYer in your life smile this Valentine’s Day, and gift them a tool that makes colorful projects a breeze. Get the Nix Mini Color Sensor V2 now for just $59 (reg. $99). Prices subject to change.