Let’s be honest- it isn’t easy to find a live show that’s suitable for kids. That’s where Blippi comes in. Blippi, the popular children’s entertainer, is traveling far and wide to as part of his “Blippi: The Wonderful World Tour” to deliver a one-of-a-kind experience that’s fun for the whole family. And this year’s tour itinerary for the man in the orange hat, glasses and suspenders includes quite a few Northeastern stops. First, Blippi and his pal Meekah will drop into Englewood’s Bergen Performing Arts Center on March 18 at at 1 p.m. and 5 p.m.  A few months later, he’ll roll into Albany’s Palace Theatre on June 2. Finally, Blippi returns to the Garden State for back-to-back gigs at New Brunswick’s State Theatre on June 18 at 1 p.m. and 5 p.m. At each performance, little ones and parents dance, sing, learn and discover what makes different cities unique and special. Plus, yes, there will be monster trucks, excavators and garbage trucks at the 80-minute show (which includes a 20-minute intermission). To sweeten the deal, we’re happy to report that some tickets can be found for as low as $29 before fees on Vivid Seats. So, if you want to learn more about Blippi’s 87-show North American tour, we’ve got everything you need to know below. All prices were found at the time of publication and are subject to fluctuation.  To kick things off, Blippi will cruise into Ottumwa, IA’s Bridge View Center on Feb. 17. After that, Blippi and co. have shows scheduled at Milwaukee (Feb. 22), Toronto (March 15), Nashville (March 31), Houston (April 15) and Cleveland (June 8). Following a four-month hiatus, Blippi returns to the stage for a final show at Stamford, CT’s Palace Theatre on Oct. 28 although more 2023 winter tour dates will be announced soon. A complete calendar including all tour dates, venues, show start times and links to buy tickets can be found here.  Can’t make it out to see Blippi live this year? That’s not a problem at all. You can watch the popular show for preschoolers where the titular characters takes kids on interactive and educational field trips on Netflix and Hulu. If you don’t have access to either streamer, you can find countless “Blippi” videos on YouTube.  Although Stevin John and Clayton Grimm are known to play Blippi on TV, it’s most likely you won’t see them at the live show you attend. According to Blippi’s website, “the character Blippi will be played by professional stage performers selected specifically for the stage show.” Blippi’s friend Meekah has been announced as a special guest at all shows but there is no word on whether or not his critter pals, Patch and Scratch are going on tour. For a better look at what to expect, check out a 30-second trailer for Blippi’s “Wonderful World Tour” below.  Looking for other shows that are appropriate for your little one? Here are just five of the best options that you won’t want to miss in 2023. • Disney On Ice: Frozen and Encanto • Paw Patrol Live • Sesame Street Live • Bluey’s Big Play • Blue Man Group For those looking for something just for the parents, you can check out our list of the 52 biggest concert tours in 2023 here.