It was an emotional exchange. Ryan Seacrest broke down in tears Friday during an episode of “Live with Kelly and Ryan” after welcoming Ripa’s husband and new cohost Mark Consuelos onto the show, reports Entertainment Weekly. It was announced Thursday that Seacrest, 48, would leave the daytime talk show after six years and focus on hosting the singing show “American Idol. “This is something that [Kelly] and I have been talking about for a long time, and it was a tough, tough decision,” Seacrest stated. “Last year we spoke, and I made the decision to make this my last season as co-host.” Seacrest said that he wouldn’t be gone from the show forever and that he would appear as a special guest host from time to time. It was later revealed that Ripa’s husband Mark Consuelos would take over the vacant spot. The “All My Children” star appeared on the show Friday to pay tribute to Seacrest. “I do want to say, you’re a brother to me, you’re a family member to me. I’ve become so close with both of you,” Seacrest told Consuelos, 51. “The three of us sat — before I moved out here — and had real conversations about doing this for a few years. It ended up being longer than I thought, and I couldn’t be happier to see you come in and be next to your wife, who we both know is the most amazing human being on the planet.” Consuelos echoed the sentiment saying that he was glad the “American Idol” host had become a part of the family. “I couldn’t think of a better person to sit next to my wife for the past six years,” gushed Consuelos. “You’re a true friend. You’re a brother. You’re generous to my wife, to my whole family. I got to meet your family. I love your parents, your niece, your sister, your brother-in-law.” “That chair you’re sitting in, it’s an iconic seat. It’s a great honor for me to sit there. It’s an iconic show, and I think it’s going to be a blast. Thank you.” According to an insider at the show, no one was surprised at the host’s departure. The insider revealed that Seacrest was feeling the strain of pulling triple duty between his radio show, “Idol,” and the talk show. “Some of Ryan’s absences created tension with everyone involved on the show,” said the insider. “But everyone cares about him and respects him and just wants to make sure he’s OK.” Meanwhile,  Seacrest’s partner Kelly Ripa, 52, has rarely missed a day in her 23 years on the show.