The Issue: President Biden’s unannounced visit to Ukraine to meet with President Volodymyr Zelensky. President Biden’s risky and bold trip to Ukraine made me prouder than ever to be an American (“Joe’s surprise visit to Kyiv,” Feb. 21). The president risked his own personal safety, making a very dangerous trip to a war zone to highlight his commitment to democracy and freedom. His speech sent a message to the entire world that our nation will speak out forcefully against acts against humanity and that we will back up our words with action. Biden is restoring the positive image the United States used to have around the world. Thank you. Paul Feiner Greenburgh Nice to know good old Uncle Joe has millions in aid for Ukraine. But what about significant aid for our fellow citizens in Ohio? They’ve been neglected at the executive and Cabinet level. This is political hypocrisy on the world stage. Your citizens deserve more of your efforts and consideration, sir. Elizabeth Blashka Montgomery In spite of the polar extremes in Western leadership, the good people of the world remain in resolute support of Ukrainian freedom fighters, as they are the true bulwark against the uncontrolled blaze of global conflict. The Ukrainian battalions are the brave barriers that insulate us from the ravages of ubiquitous bloodshed. Not only do they serve as our unwavering hope, but they are a reminder of what will befall Chairman Xi Jinping when he tiptoes into Taiwan. I say we must arm Ukraine until they bristle, as it is an investment in our children and children’s children that cannot be valued in mere dollars. The freedom of expression is a power like none other, but we must use it to advance the very liberties that allow us to exercise it. Henry J. Wilson Washington, DC I’m at a loss to understand how our president found the time to visit a faraway nation on, of all days, Presidents Day — but has yet to visit the victims of America’s Chernobyl-style derailment catastrophe in East Palestine, Ohio. He didn’t even send his lackey, Transportation Secretary Pete Buttigieg, in his stead. I am sorry for what is happening in Ukraine, but we need to set priorities, as our nation is struggling. The Ukrainian people did not elect Biden — Americans did. As such, it is this president’s duty to serve Americans, especially in their time of need. Biden should be deeply ashamed. Michael Pravica Henderson, Nev. It would be nice if we heard from Biden about a plan for the end of the conflict in Ukraine. What is going to constitute the end? This can’t be another open-ended conflict, which slowly drags us closer and closer to having to send our own troops. Biden has been slow-walking all of the arms we have been sending so far, and it was nice to see him there and showing solidarity, but I’m not hearing what could bring this war to a conclusion and how we are getting paid back. James Schwartz Summit, NJ I’m sick of these hawks claiming that the United States has done too little to support Ukraine. Russia has waged an unjust and illegal war on Ukraine, but the United States has intervened too much already. These newly hawkish liberals have decried US intervention in every place in the world from Vietnam, to South and Central America, Africa, the Balkans and the Middle East. Now. they claim that it’s our burden to stop this war halfway across the world. What’s different about this war and all those other foreign wars that we “had no business being in”? Ed Frond Weeping Water, Neb. Want to weigh in on today’s stories? Send your thoughts (along with your full name and city of residence) to letters@nypost.com. Letters are subject to editing for clarity, length, accuracy and style.