Horrifying surveillance footage captured the moment a bicycle-riding California doctor was mowed down by a car at a busy Dana Point intersection — followed by the driver exiting his vehicle and allegedly stabbing him to death. Ring camera footage from a nearby home shows Dr. Michael John Mammone, 58, flying over the hood of a white Lexus in the Crown Valley Parkway intersection on the Pacific Coast Highway around 3 p.m. Wednesday. Officials previously confirmed the suspect, Vanroy Evan Smith, 39, then got out of his car brandishing a knife, and inflicted more injuries upon Mammone. The motive behind the heinous incident remains unclear, and police have said the two men were strangers, but a neighbor told ABC7 she heard the suspect muttering about “white privilege” after hearing what sounded like a “gunshot.” Mammone was later pronounced dead at the hospital, while heroic bystanders managed to detain Smith, whom police booked on suspicion of murder. Witnesses also claimed Smith was holding a BB gun when he first approached Mammone. The knife used in the attack was reportedly left at the scene. “Investigators are keeping all options open to check those boxes, if you will, to make sure they don’t leave anything uncovered,” Sgt. Mike Woodruff told KTLA Thursday. At the time of his death, Mammone was an emergency room physician at Providence Mission Hospital in Laguna Beach. “The entire Mission Hospital family is grieving over the loss of an incredible physician and friend,” the hospital said in a statement to KTLA. “We will honor Dr. Mammone’s dedication to our community and passion for medicine by continuing to provide exceptional care.” According to his US News & World Report Health profile, Mammone obtained a medical degree from the University of Southern California School of Medicine, and had been practicing for over two decades. Kendra K. Swaim-Chambers, a colleague of Mammone’s at Mission Hospital, shared a photo of the doctor surrounded by smiling colleagues on Facebook late Thursday. “Wonderful memories with our work family! Always love and support for his colleagues by Dr. Michael Mammone and his beautiful wife,” she wrote. “[Laguna Beach Emergency Room] Sunday-Tuesday will never be the same, there will always be a void and a profound silence,” another user commented. As of Friday afternoon, Orange County records show that Smith remains in custody at the Intake Release Center. His next court appearance is set for Friday, but it is unclear if this information has been updated.