Prince Harry confessed in great detail about the time he lost his “stallion” virginity to an “older woman” in his controversial memoir “Spare.” The unnamed woman revealed her much-speculated-about identity over the weekend — and now she’s speaking out about the awkward impact Harry’s book has had on her life. Sasha Walpole alleged in a Sunday interview with the Sun how she only told her mom Lyn, 65, about her tryst with the Duke of Sussex, 38, right after it had occurred. However, once the bombshell tell-all was released last month, she was finally forced to come clean to her father Tony, 71. According to Harry’s memoir, he had his first sexual experience with a woman — Walpole, now 40, claims to be said woman — in 2001 in a grassy field behind the Vine Tree Inn in Wiltshire, UK. “I don’t understand why he went into such detail. He could have said that he lost his virginity and left it at that,” Walpole told the outlet. “He has done this to my privacy because I was going to keep my head down and not talk about it,” the now mother of two added. “If it wasn’t in the book none of this would be happening.” Walpole — who is only a couple of years older than Harry — explained that when she told her mom, she didn’t give details and her mother knew she was on the birth control pill. She then called her sister Jodie Mayhead the day after she allegedly took Harry’s V-card. Mayhead, 42, also recalled to the outlet how she remembers laughing about the affair with Walpole, and the latter didn’t “go into detail other than it was drunken.” “I found it quite funny. It made no difference that it was Harry at all. He was just seen as one of the lads,” Mayhead said. Walpole decided she should tell her father what had transpired between her and the royal once the book came out, so he would have the chance to hear it from his daughter rather than from someone else. She told her dad: “I just don’t know what to do about speaking out.” “He didn’t react. Normally dad would give his advice,” she divulged to the Sun. Walpole said: “It is awkward because of what Harry has written about me slapping his bum, really cringey. It flared up because of the way Harry has written it. That is why I am in this situation.” “Harry has put it out there. My parents’ concern is for my safety. They just want me to be OK,” she went on. She also noted how both her parents supported her decision to unveil her name this past weekend. In her initial profile with the Sun released on Saturday, Walpole disclosed how her five-minute sex romp with the Invictus Games founder happened behind a pub where both parties had been drinking shots of tequila, Baileys and sambuca while celebrating Walpole’s birthday. “I’ve kept this a secret for 21 years. I would never have said anything if he hadn’t put it in his book,” she said. “I have to say it in my words.” She recounted how Harry wore boxers and once their fling had concluded, they each separately made their ways back to the bar. His security had also been on the hunt, looking for him. “I didn’t know Harry was a virgin at the time. Then it kind of dawned on me that perhaps he was,” Walpole said. Walpole had worked at the stable at Highgrove House — the residence of his father, then-Prince Charles — and admitted that the two teens were “mates.” Harry had also wrote in his book how Walpole “liked horses, quite a lot, and treated me not unlike a young stallion.” Harry scribed how the intimate experience was a “quick ride, after which she’d smacked my rump and sent me off to graze.” Walpole said she didn’t mind how he wrote about the event, however, “it wasn’t that glorious. We were drunk and having sex in a field.” Actor Rupert Everett claimed on Feb. 3 that Harry was fibbing about what went down between him and Walpole. “I know who the woman he lost his virginity to is. And it wasn’t behind a pub. And it wasn’t in this country [the United Kingdom],” the 63-year-old said to the Telegraph. The “The Importance of Being Earnest” actor continued: “I’m just putting it out there that I know.”