Jake Paul didn’t spare Tommy Fury’s girlfriend, Molly-Mae Hague, and their newborn daughter, Bambi, in a scathing video promising to “decapitate” the British boxer in their fight on Friday in Saudi Arabia. Paul — who’s 6-0 in his professional boxing career — ripped Fury in a 90-second video, titled, “Dear Tommy…” and said that Fury’s family is going to disown him after the bout. “Tommy, I hope you’ve enjoyed these last few moments of your career,” Paul said in the video, which was posted to his Twitter and Instagram. “This is it, you’re going to be retired from boxing after this. You’re going to be disowned by your family. You’re going to go back to your mother’s maiden name. There’s nothing else that can save you. It is just me and you — mano a mano.” The “Problem Child” went on to say that Fury’s older brother, two-time world heavyweight champion Tyson Fury, and their father, former pro boxer and bare-knuckle fighter John Fury, along with Hague and Bambi won’t be in the ring to save him on Feb. 26. “So, all that little cute motivation about having a child and fighting for her, all that s–t goes out the window when I’m coming to take your f–king head off, decapitate you,” Paul said. “I’m a mean, angry person deep down and I’m gonna take out all of it on your f–king face, and there’s nothing you can do to f–king beat me. I’m built different. I want this more than you. I have more of a why. I’m more tapped in. I’m more emotionally intelligent. I’m more spiritually connected. I’ve worked harder every single day. In and out, I have a better team. “I have a better support system, and guess what — me winning this fight is for the higher benevolent good of the universe. And so, it’s not just me in the ring. It’s all of my guidance. It’s all of my ancestors. It’s all of my spiritual helpers. It’s all of the people protecting me and together, we are going to f–k you up. You have four rounds and then you are f–ked. Tommy Fury, this is it for you.” Fury and Hague — a British fashion entrepreneur — welcomed their first child, Bambi, on Jan. 23, 2023. The couple met during the fifth season of “Love Island” in July 2019,  and have been dating since. In a separate interview with BT Sport Boxing, Paul called Hague the “breadwinner” in her relationship with Fury, who he said has “fumbled the bag” by dragging out their fight. Fury has backed out of two previous bouts with Paul, with the first withdrawal occurring in Dec. 2021 due to illness and injury. Their second fight, scheduled for Aug. 2022 at Madison Square Garden, was cancelled after Fury was unable to gain entry into the United States. “Hopefully he shows up because he’s flaky and he’s fumbling the bag,” Paul said. “But I don’t know if he’s going to take the bet. I don’t know if he really believes in himself. The money is just really good, man. So, he kinda been forced into this by the fans, the media, his family and probably Molly — because she’s probably sitting there saying, ‘Hey, yo, we had a baby, I can’t be the one to pay the bills the entire time.’ “He’s getting paid $20,000 a fight… Minus taxes, he can only pay for so many diapers. It’s a hard business and so this is his biggest payday and he’s going to actually be able to support his family a little bit if he gets a good wealth manager and invests his money properly. Molly was probably like, ‘yeah bro, I’m tired of being the breadwinner of this relationship.'” Fury last fought on the undercard of his brother’s WBC title fight against Dillian Whyte in April 2022, defeating Daniel Bocianski at Wembley Stadium in London. Paul and Fury have traded insults through social media and in the press on many occasions. The YouTube star-turned-pro boxer has said that he believes Fury is scared to get in the ring with him, and that’s why it’s taken so long for them face off. Paul added a sixth win to his pro boxing career after he beat his “idol,” former longtime UFC middleweight champion, Anderson Silva by unanimous decision in Oct. 2022 at Desert Diamond Arena in Arizona.