A new “View”? Joy Behar and other hosts of “The View” defended controversial Rep. Marjorie Taylor Greene (R-Ga.) on Tuesday after the congresswoman reported being “attacked” at a restaurant by a woman and her adult son, according to the Wrap. Greene, 48, tweeted about the alleged incident Monday, saying the pair were “self-righteous, insane, and completely out of control.” “I was attacked in a restaurant tonight by an insane woman and screamed at by her adult son,” Greene wrote. “They had no respect for the restaurant or the staff or the other people dining or people like me who simply have different political views. “I was sitting at my table, working with my staff, and never even noticed these people until they turned into demons. People used to respect others even if they had different views,” continued the tweet. “But not anymore,” Greene concluded. “Our country is gone.” The ladies of “The View” seemed empathetic Tuesday. “I have to say, I’m on Marjorie’s side for this one because I don’t believe that anybody should be going up to any of us — anybody in public — and harassing us,” Behar, 80, said. And Behar was quick to point out that Greene needs to remember this sentiment considering her track record of slamming President Biden, including shouting “liar” at him during this month’s State of the Union address. “She does this, and now it’s been done to her,” Behar noted. “And you know, I have to say that I think it’s deplorable that anybody would do anything like that, including her! And the person who did that to her.” Host Sunny Hostin, 54, said while she was sympathetic to Greene’s plight, she would need more information about the alleged confrontation. Host Sara Haines agreed with Behar. “This woman is aggressive, and has her own problems with civility, but to protect civility, I think you have to protect the most despised among us,” Haines, 45, argued. “So we have to draw the line at doing this sort of thing, so I do tend to agree with what you’re saying.” Haines added that “if there’s a silver lining” to the whole ordeal, it would be that Greene has had a taste of her own medicine — and she will remember this for future encounters. The panel seemed to largely agree that Greene might learn from the experience, although host Alyssa Farah Griffin, 33, said, “I don’t expect for her to.”