New York Post readers can take advantage of an excellent new customer offer with the Caesars Sportsbook promo code NPBONUSFULL. New users can place a first bet up to $1,250 on Caesars by using the promo code, and if it loses, that same amount gets returned back as bet credits. Let’s say you sign up and make an initial wager for $150 that loses — you still get back $150 in bet credits, and so on up to $1,250. Follow the link below to learn how access the Caesars offer for Wednesday night’s Cavaliers vs. 76ers game tonight in Philadelphia, or for any other sports event on Caesars. New customers can use the promo code NPBONUSFULL to score up to $1,250 in bet credits on Caesars. All you have to do is make an initial bet of $10 or more, and you can rest easy knowing the money wagered gets returned back in bet credits if its a losing bet. If you win, you receive your winnings just like normal. The promo code NPBONUSFULL also allows users to get 1,000 Tier credits and 1,000 Reward credits just for signing up. Two of the better teams in the Eastern Conference take the floor tonight when the Philadelphia 76ers host the Cleveland Cavaliers. At No. 3 and 4 respectively in the conference standings, these teams each enter tonight’s game on a winning streak. Caesars Sportsbook has the 76ers favored by 2.5 points and that feels right since Philly has home court and the best player in the game in Joel Embiid. Embiid is having a monster season, averaging 33.2 points and 10.1 rebounds per game, while James Harden and Tyrese Maxey each drop about 20 points a night. Cleveland comes into this game on a seven-game winning streak and has a bevy of offensive options with Donovan Mitchell, Darius Garland, and Evan Mobley, so it will certainly be a tough out for the 76ers. Still, the Cavaliers feasted on the Pacers, Wizards, Pistons, Bulls, and Spurs in their winning streak. Cleveland won those games fair and square, but Philadelphia is a much different animal, so back the 76ers on Caesars Sportsbook with promo code NPBONUSFULL.  21+. Available in AZ, CO, IA, IL, IN, KS, LA, MI, NJ, NY, TN, VA, WV only. Full T&C apply. Who doesn’t like a little extra bang for their buck? Caesars Profit Boosts increase the net winnings of your bet by a given percentage and can be applied to all sorts of bets. Profit Boosts can be used on straight bets (money line, spread, total) and parlays, but there are also boowtw that are exclusively for straight bets only, parlays only, or even parlays with a set number of legs. Profit Boosts can be applied to a variety of sports and bet types, but only those available will appear in your bet slip. Make sure to look for any profit boosts in your ‘Bonus Drawer’ on Caesars Sportsbook.