At 95 years old, the journalist and filmmaker Joan Kron has just listed her Upper East Side apartment for $1.79 million. The 11th-floor unit, at 205 E. 63rd St., has been her home for more than 50 years. But don’t think she’s getting ready to retire. Not even close. The former Allure columnist and co-founder of the New York Times Home section is still going strong as a documentary filmmaker. Kron, together with the Documentary Group, is currently working on “Weapon of Beauty,” a film that tracks the history of one of the world’s deadliest natural poisons that became, well, a weapon of beauty. “I’m … working on a documentary about the cloak and dagger history of botulinum toxin, the active ingredient in Botox and its competitors,” Kron said. She also directed and produced the 2017 doc, “Take My Nose … Please,” which showcases female comedians like Judy Gold, Jackie Hoffman, Lisa Lampanelli and Aubrey Plaza dishing about societal pressures to be beautiful. Kron is also at work on her biography, which will include her time in the 1960s Pop Art scene with Andy Warhol, Roy Lichtenstein and others. The apartment, in a postwar land-lease building, features a large living room that leads to a terrace and a formal dining room that can seat 24 people — along with a breakfast area with a wet bar and lots of storage. In addition, the residence features a home office with two built-in desks, storage and a separate entrance. Kron and her late husband moved into the building around 1973, when it was a rental about to go co-op. “It was perfect for our newly melded family of four kids. Three were his, and one was mine, who lived with us on weekends,” she said. “I think we paid a little under $100,000. It was a short walk or bus ride to each of our jobs. I was at New York Magazine and he was at Grey Advertising. And the room sizes were more generous than at other buildings we looked at. As it turned out, it was a keeper. I’ve lived here for 50 years.” Kron tells Gimme she’s moving to Miami to be close to family — to an area called Midtown, near the Design District. “I’ll be in my own space in the same building as my son, and his wife and college-age kids,” she said. The listing brokers are Jane Martin and Deanna Kory, of Corcoran.