Megyn Kelly tore into Don Lemon over his sexist comments about Nikki Haley, declaring “I’ve had it with this guy” while vowing to dig into his alleged past of chronic harassment of women. “If any reporter worth their salt would actually do some digging [and] call CNN,” Kelly said on Thursday’s episode of her SiriusXM podcast. “Do it,” she implored journalists. “Call their HR right now.” “Find out whether he’s got a history of harassing his female colleagues. I dare any reporter out there to do it,” Kelly said. She then added that she will take on the task herself. “I’ll do it myself. I’ll do it today after the show,” she said. “And I’ll get back to you on what they say.” The Post has sought comment from CNN. Kelly’s comments came hours after co-host Poppy Harlow left the set enraged by Lemon’s remark that Haley, the 51-year-old GOP presidential candidate, was “not in her prime.” Lemon was forced to offer an apology to network staffers Friday. He was noticeably absent from the co-hosting chair on “CNN This Morning.” The incident involving Harlow comes weeks after Lemon’s other co-host, Kaitlan Collins, was left visibly upset after he chewed her out in front of colleagues for interrupting him on the air. “But this is a pattern with this guy,” Kelly said. Follow The Post’s coverage of CNN’s Don Lemon “He does not respect women. He does not see women as equals. He views women who are over the age of 40 as past their due date, and this is who they have covering Nikki Haley?” “[Lemon] has been stepping in it time and time again over at his new fledgling, failing CNN morning show,” Kelly, 52, said on Thursday. “I don’t know how much longer CNN can allow this to go on.” Kelly played a clip of Lemon’s remarks in which he told his co-hosts, Harlow and Collins: “Don’t shoot the messenger. If you Google it, Google tells you a woman is past her prime when she’s after 20, 30, maybe 40.” In a dig at Lemon and his network, Kelly said: “If you Google ‘CNN,’ it comes up as ‘the most trusted news source.’ So we can’t always rely on Google, Don.” Kelly also criticized Harlow and Collins for not pushing back hard enough in real time. “The co-anchor (Harlow) had an instinct that this was offensive, but frankly wasn’t effective enough to actually shove it down his throat and recognize: Are you referring to childbearing years?” Kelly asked. “Because that is something women can mostly only do in their 20s and 30s and 40s. And he wouldn’t even sign on to that, just childbearing is not what determines whether a woman is in her prime.” Kelly added: “This is blatant sexism.” “Shame on him for doing this on the air and frankly, those other women on set with him were pathetic and weak in calling him out,” she said of Harlow and Collins. “He deserved a more robust response. He deserves it now from colleagues at CNN, he deserves it from the colleagues in the news industry, and the bosses at CNN.”