Philadelphia Eagles center Jason Kelce just added another member to his team. The 35-year-old and his wife, Kylie McDevitt Kelce, 30, welcomed a baby girl — making them a family of five, Kelce announced Friday. “Yesterday little lady #3 joined us,” the pair wrote on Instagram alongside a sweet snap of the newborn dressed in a daisy onesie. Bennett Llewellyn Kelce was born Thursday and weighed 8 lbs., 5oz. and measured 21 in., the couple shared. The new bundle of joy joins big sisters Elliotte Ray, 23 months, and three-year-old Wyatt. Proud uncle and Chiefs superstar tight end Travis Kelce rushed to the comments section, writing, “Baby Bennett!!! ” Shortly after sharing the exciting news with their combined 680,000 followers, Kylie posted a collage of their three kids — while newborns — on her Instagram Story. “I know that they all just look squishy at this stage,” she wrote. “But I really feel like Bennett is pretty much a clean split.” The NFL star, 35, went head-to-head with brother Travis at this year’s Super Bowl on Feb. 12. The rare situation has left their family playfully divided, as Travis Kelce’s Chiefs ultimately beat the Eagles 38-35. Jason Kelce’s Super Bowl weekend was made doubly exciting as it was possible that Kylie would go into labor during the big game, prompting her to travel with her ob-gyn. “Kylie’s bringing her OB because she’s going to be 38 weeks pregnant at the game,” Jason told Travis during the Feb. 1 episode of their “New Heights” podcast. “That could be a super Kelce Bowl. If she has a baby in the stadium, it’s officially scripted.” Travis Kelce laughed and said, “Dude, dude!…We’re in ‘The Matrix.’ There’s no f–king way.” Jason Kelce brought Kylie’s parents, along with his and his wife’s daughters to the big game. The family announced in a September 2022 Instagram post that they are expecting, with Elliotte and Wyatt wearing “Big Sister” T-shirts at Weaver’s Orchard in Morgantown, Pennsylvania. The couple met on a dating app in 2015 and have been married since April 2018.