On May 2, 2023, Englebert Humperdinck will turn 87 years young. Rather than take it easy in his advanced age, the timeless singer will tour all over the U.S. this year playing postponed concerts from 2020, 2021 and 2022 as part of his ongoing “The Legend Continues Tour.” From Feb. 3 through Oct. 20, the “A Man Without Love” singer has nine concerts lined up including two in the Garden State — on Feb. 4, he’s slated to perform at Atlantic City’s Harrahs and then, on Feb. 23, he will headline at Englewood’s Bergen Performing Arts Center. Not bad for someone nearly 20 years over retirement age in the U.S. And he’s not just phoning it in either. No, Humperdinck shared that he’s “introducing new songs at his shows” in a recent Instagram post. Yes, the smooth-voiced Humperdinck is on Instagram and quite active. Want even better news? Some tickets can be snagged for as low as $39 before fees on Vivid Seats. All prices were found at the time of publication and are subject to fluctuation.  A complete calendar including all upcoming tour dates, venues and links to the cheapest tickets available can be found below. (Note: The New York Post confirmed all above prices at the publication time. All prices are subject to fluctuation and include additional fees at checkout.) Vivid Seats is a verified secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand. They offer a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and your tickets will be delivered prior to the event.  As impressive as it is that Humperdinck is still performing on a regular basis well into his 80s, we’re happy to report that he’s not just showing up and playing a handful of songs and calling it a night. Quite the contrary. According to SetList FM, Humperdinck regularly performs 20 or so songs at each and every performance. At a recent gig in El Cajon, CA, the veteran crooner sang original songs like “After The Lovin’,” “My Wife, The Dancer” and “Girl Of Mine” as well as covers from artists as varied as Petula Clark, Barry White and Toby Keith. Want a closer look? You can see everything Humperdinck has played at live shows dating back to a 1966 performance in Belgium here.  You wouldn’t believe it but a lot of octogenarian big name acts refuse to rest on their laurels and are returning to the road yet again this year. Here are just five of our favorite 80-somethings you can see live in the next few months. • William Shatner (91-years-old) • Willie Nelson (89-years-old) • Frankie Valli (88-years-old) • Buddy Guy (86-years-old) • Ringo Starr (82-years-old) Want to see who else is out there? Check out our list of the 52 biggest concert tours in 2023 here.