It was an unfrog-ettable experience. A TikTok creator revealed that after having her chin fat dissolved, she was so swollen that she ended up looking like a “frog.” Deniz Valiantis, who goes by the username @missdvaliantis on the social media app, explained the ribbiting debacle in a video that has already reached over 323,000 views. In the beginning of the 29-second clip, she showed herself getting the fat-dissolving injections, writing in white text, “There will be minor swelling following chin fat dissolving.” Valiantis then cut to a shot of what she looked like after getting the procedure done, which showed her with a large lump under the chin. She included more photos, in all of which her chin looked extremely swollen and enlarged. “PSA if you do fat dissolving you *will* look like a frog for approx 3 days ,” the creator wrote in the caption of her post. The Post reached out to Valiantis for comment. In the comments section of her video, many related to her experience with the procedure, explaining that the same thing had happened to them. “It hurt me so bad!” one user commented. “I felt like I was on fire.” Another claimed, “Mine swelled so much I didn’t bother going back for the next appointment .” “Mine swelled up massive like I had mumps and I swear to this day the skin isn’t as tight, doesn’t feel right and it’s over a year since,” someone else typed. “Never again!” According to New York City cosmetic dermatologist Dr. Michelle Green, side effects of one of these fat-dissolving shots called Kybella can include swelling, bruising, nausea, and pain at the site of injection, which she wrote on her website. However, others claimed that the shot was “worth it.” “Worth it tho,” one TikToker wrote. Another seconded, “It works wonders though!!! Got mine like a year ago and still no fat.” When replying to a comment on the video, Valiantis provided an update on how her chin looks now, admitting that it’s not much different than it was pre-surgery after someone asked her for a before and after photo. “It looks the same lol x,” she wrote. This isn’t the first time people have felt some odd side effects from cosmetic procedures — last week, another woman on TikTok claimed that when she got a BBL and liposuction, it felt like she was being “burned” and “bruised” all over her body.