GLENDALE, Ariz. — The Eagles hoped the challenge would be figuring out how to keep together the heart and soul of a championship team. Instead, they face less inviting but equally daunting marching orders: Keep intact as much of the core as possible to make another run at the title that so painfully eluded them. Can you imagine the Eagles without two of their rugged, dominating interior offensive linemen, Jason Kelce and Isaac Seumelo? Or without Miles Sanders, their leading rusher? Consider the Eagles without these defensive starters: Veteran linemen Fletcher Cox and Brandon Graham, linebackers T.J. Edwards and Kyzir White, cornerback James Bradberry, safety C.J. Gardner-Johnson and tackle Javon Hargrave. Wouldn’t be the same defense, would it? Things are going to change around the Eagles. They blew a 10-point halftime lead in Super Bowl 2023 and went down, hard, to the Chiefs, 38-35. Now they delve into the business of the offseason, contemplating what to do with the 20 players — including some of their most high-profile guys — set to become unrestricted free agents. Another impending loss for the Eagles is one of the key members of Nick Sirianni’s coaching staff: Offensive coordinator Shane Steichen is headed to Indianapolis as the next Colts head coach. Defensive coordinator Jonathan Gannon interviewed for the Cardinals head-coach job and appears to be the favorite to land there, meaning the Eagles could face the massive upheaval of losing both their coordinators. “I was just telling the boys ‘Stay together’ because we put this team together well and had a togetherness like no other this year,’’ Graham said. Taking precedence over all of the upcoming free-agent decisions is how the Eagles will handle quarterback Jalen Hurts, who is scheduled to enter the final year of his four-year, $6 million rookie contract. As a second-round draft pick, Hurts is not eligible to receive the fifth-year option reserved for first-round picks. Hurts, 24, put together a breakthrough season in 2022 and was a breakout star on the biggest stage, with one passing touchdown, three rushing touchdowns and several brilliant plays to nearly deny Patrick Mahomes and the Chiefs. Hurts now will want to be paid like an elite franchise quarterback. The Eagles do not have to do anything, but given Hurts’ success, there is no realistic way they can bring him back and have him play for the $4.2 million he is on the books to earn in 2023. A new contract for Hurts will cut into the salary cap space available for the Eagles to use on their free agents. Estimates vary, but the Eagles are projected to be around $5 million under the cap — before any maneuvering that is sure to come. Eight players on offense are set to become free agents: Kelce, Seumalo, Sanders, backup quarterback Gardner Minshew, running back Boston Scott, offensive tackle Andre Dillard, tight end Tyree Jackson and wide receiver Zach Pascal. On defense, it is a veritable Who’s Who of key players: Graham, Cox, Bradberry, Edwards, White, Hargrave, Gardner-Johnson, defensive linemen Robert Quinn, Linval Joseph and Ndamukong Suh and safety Marcus Epps. Long snapper Rich Lovato will also be a free agent. It is possible Graham, Cox and Kelce — three longtime Eagles, past Super Bowl winners and franchise icons — all will be gone. Nine Eagles were included on Pro Football Focus’ list of the top-100 players set to hit free agency, including five players in the top 30: Hargrave (No. 3), Bradberry (No. 14), Gardner-Johnson (No. 24), Edwards (No. 27) and Seumalo (No. 28). “Of course when you got guys who are about to hit free agency, they want to make the most out of their career and make a lot of money and put themselves in good position,’’ Bradberry said, “so that naturally puts a chip on your shoulder.’’ Eagles general manager Howie Roseman did a remarkable job assembling a roster that most talent evaluators rate as the best in the NFL in 2022. Roseman was aided by the miniscule space Hurts took up on the salary cap ($1.6 million). That expenditure will rise considerably, making it impossible for Roseman to keep the entire group together in 2023. “If you want to build a championship team, you have to absolutely make sure you have enough capital for the future,’’ Eagles owner Jeffrey Lurie said. “We’ve always emphasized having enough capital and resources through free agency and after free agency in opportunistic moments when players are undervalued. “On the other hand, the maintenance phase, you can’t be too emotionally affected. You have to absolutely do what’s best — we’re gonna have to do what’s best for the 2023 team, the ’24 team, the ’25 team. When you have an opportunity to win a Super Bowl, to win an NFC championship, there’s no stone unturned.’’ Roseman loaded up during the 2022 season, trading for Gardner-Johnson in the summer while signing Suh and Joseph and trading for Quinn during the season. “Howie engineered some wonderful moves,’’ Lurie said. “It’s all part of our emphasis on both the short term and not giving up future assets that we need to keep building.’’ Those moves added up. Now the subtracting begins.