Meghan McCain faced a lot of pressure to take a “quick fix” to lose baby weight just four weeks after giving birth to her second child. McCain, 38, shared in an op-ed for the Daily Mail that ever since she and her husband Ben Domenech, 41, welcomed their daughter Clover Jade on Jan. 19, she’s been “urged” to take Ozempic to “melt away the baby weight.” The TV personality titled the op-ed: “I just gave birth and I’m being urged to take a ‘miracle shot’ of Ozempic as a quick fix to melt away the baby weight . . . It’s horrifying, unfair and disturbing — and I refuse.” Ozempic is semaglutide, a medication designed for people with Type 2 diabetes — but it’s being prescribed to socialites and celebrities to help them lose weight. “I just had a baby four weeks ago, and you wouldn’t believe what I’m hearing,” McCain wrote. “Yes, I’m fielding all the usual questions: Is she sleeping? Am I sleeping? The answer – obviously – is ‘no’. But then I get hit with this: ‘Are you going on Ozempic?’ Excuse me?” She went on to explain the phenomenon behind the “miracle drug” that seems to be a new trend among A-listers. “One injection, once a week, for a cool $1,000 a pop, and you can just melt the pounds away,” she said. McCain also noted some well-known celebrities who use the drug or have been accused of using it, including Chelsea Handler, Elon Musk and Kyle Richards — who denied taking it, although “Real Housewives” star Jackie Goldschneider claimed many of her castmates are on it. McCain said she understood that there are “people who legitimately struggle with obesity and need Ozempic. But I am not one of those people” — which explains her shock over her “casual friends” and “industry acquaintances” asking if she’ll take the drug. “I’m told ‘everyone is doing it,’ as if that was ever a compelling case,” McCain wrote. “I hear, ‘Just take the shot,’ as it has become known in shorthand. I was even offered a black market freebie by someone with ‘extra shots at home.’ “ She continued, “Well, let me make one thing very clear. I’m not taking it. I refuse. There’s a clear moral issue here. It’s hard to take a drug because swimsuit season is around the corner, while others need it to stay alive. And how can this be healthy?” “A pill or a shot can’t solve every problem in life, yet too often that’s what Americans reach for. And Ozempic plays into that perfectly.” McCain added that she fears this trend of using Ozempic for weight loss is “Big Pharma capitalizing off culture’s fat phobia,” believing this will set back the progress that has been made on the body positivity and acceptance front. She brought the op-ed back to her two daughters, Clover and Liberty Sage, 2, saying it’s her responsibility as a mother to set a good standard. “As a new mother, I also have a responsibility to set an example for my daughters, who will one day face the same beauty standards. Their world will only be more challenging as social media seeps more deeply into the American mind. This is not the world I want for them, and not the world I want for myself,” McCain said. “As for Ozempic, I would rather have a few extra pounds than shoot myself up with medicine,” she added. “There ain’t nothing worth having that is easy to get. And that goes for my health and the health of my girls.”