Ironically, Grand Funk Railroad isn’t getting “Closer To Home” in 2023. No, the long-running classic rockers will celebrate their 55th year of existence by returning to the road to play shows all over North America from February through November. Led by original members, drummer Don Brewer and bassist Mel Schacher the “We’re An American Band” band will make their way to the Northeast this year when they play Lancaster, PA’s American Music Theatre on May 13 and Waterloo, NY’s The Vine at Del Lago Resort and Casino on Nov. 10. And although the band hasn’t released any original music since 1983’s “What’s Funk?”, they don’t need to when they have a back catalog with rousing, bona fide hits like “We’re An American Band,” “Closer To Home (I’m Your Captain),” and “Footstompin’ Music”  as well as unique covers of “The Loco Motion” and “Some Kind of Wonderful.” To top it all off, some tickets for the tour can be found for as low as $53 before fees on Vivid Seats. All prices were found at the time of publication and are subject to fluctuation. So, if you want to see the Detroit natives at one of their 10 concerts in 2023, here’s everything you need to know.  Joining Brewer and Schacher on tour are newer additions to the band, singer Max Carl, guitarist Bruce Kulick and keyboardist Tim Cashion. Below, you’ll find a complete tour calendar including all dates, venues and links to the cheapest tickets available to see the quintet live. (Note: The New York Post confirmed all above prices at the publication time. All prices are subject to fluctuation and include additional fees at checkout.) Vivid Seats is a verified secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand. They offer a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and your tickets will be delivered prior to the event.  Based on what we’re seeing, it appears GFR sticks to the script when they perform live regularly performing 13-14 songs at each show. The group typically opens with the original “Rock & Roll Soul.” From there, the fivesome usually launches into “Footstompin’ Music,” “Shinin’ On” and “Heartbreaker.” Before they close with the expected hits, they often play covers of 38 Special and The Animals songs as well as their own version of The Star Spangled Banner. If you want to really do your homework, you can see a record of all of Grand Funk Railroad’s concerts dating back to 1969 courtesy of Set List FM here.  While Grand Funk has just ten shows this year, many huge acts from rock and roll’s heyday   have much more stuffed tour calendars in the next few months. Here are just five of our favorite classic rockers on tour that may be coming to a city near you in the very near future. • Bruce Springsteen and the E Street Band • Ringo Starr • Dead and Company • Billy Joel with Stevie Nicks • The Eagles The party doesn’t have to stop here. Check out our list of the 22 biggest classic rockers on tour in 2023 here.