New York Post readers can get their hands on up to $1,000 in bonus bets on BetMGM Sportsbook with the bonus code NPBONUS. BetMGM’s new customer offer allows bettors  to make their initial bet up to $1,000, and if it loses, they would still get that same amount back in bet credits, aka bonus bets. Click the link below to learn more about BetMGM’s offer before the Phoenix Suns take on the Bucks in Milwaukee on Sunday. If you want to bet on something else, this offer works for any BetMGM sports market. The bonus code NPBONUS lets new BetMGM users get up to $1,000 in bonus bets. If someone makes a $170 bet that loses – they would still get back $170 in bet credits with the bonus code. This works for any amount up to $1,000. The new customer offer from BetMGM is perfect for inexperienced bettors finding their way into sports betting. Sunday’s NBA schedule starts off with a 2021 Finals rematch when the Milwaukee Bucks host the Phoenix Suns. Both teams are still championship contenders two years later and are each in the top three of BetMGM’s championship futures odds, with Phoenix in second at +425 and Milwaukee in third at +550. However, there’s a decent chance neither of these teams are at full strength today. It’s been reported that Kevin Durant’s Suns debut is expected to be Wednesday in Charlotte, so he won’t play today, but Giannis Antetokounmpo may also be out since he’s dealing with a wrist sprain. Antetokounmpo did play on Friday against the Miami Heat, so be sure to check his status before tip off today. No matter who is on the court this afternoon in Milwaukee, you can claim up to $1,000 in bonus bets on BetMGM with bonus code NPBONUS. New and existing players. Must be 21+. AZ, CO, DC, IA, IL, IN, KS, LA, MD, MI, NJ, TN, VA, PA, WV, WY only. Full T&C apply.. One of the easiest ways to get yourself a load of bet credits is through BetMGM’s very generous “refer a friend” scheme. BetMGM allows bettors to refer up to 20 friends, with both getting a $50 bonus. Your friend will need to make their first deposit and place their $50 bonus on any sport at odds of -200 or greater in order for you to claim your bonus. For Ohio: 21+ and present in OH. Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER.