Florida police released dramatic bodycam footage showing the arrest of a teen suspected of fatally shooting three people Wednesday – including a local TV journalist and a defenseless 9-year-old girl. “I can’t breathe!” Keith Moses, 19, repeatedly screams as Orange County Sheriff’s Office Deputies take him to the ground. “I can’t breathe!” The footage shows police units confronting the accused triple-murderer on a residential street and yelling at him to get on the ground. Moses refuses the commands and raises his arms to his sides before being tackled. “Let me go!” he shouts as deputies slap on handcuffs. “Let me go! I can’t breathe!” As Moses continues wailing, deputies can be seen retrieving a gun from his pant leg. “It’s still hot,” one states after retrieving the weapon. Moses, 19, was traveling in a car with his cousin and a 38-year-old acquaintance named Nathacha Augustin Wednesday morning in Orlando’s Pine Hills neighborhood when the killing spree began. Cops said he fatally blasted Augustin inside the vehicle around 11 a.m. then fled the area. Four hours later, Moses returned to the scene of Augustin’s murder and coldly shot Spectrum 13 journalists Dylan Lyons, 24, and Jesse Walden as they sat in an unmarked car while covering the initial crime, officials said. Lyons, who was engaged to be married, was later pronounced dead at a local hospital while Walden, a photographer, survived the attack and continued to improve Thursday. The homicidal rampage then continued, as Moses marched into another home on a nearby street and began firing at 9-year-old T’Yonna Major and her unidentified mother. The child  – described as a bubbly aspiring gymnast – died from her wounds at a local hospital, while her parent remains in critical condition. Her stunned father, Tokiyo Major, mourned his daughter in a heartbreaking GoFundMe post. “She was a light to everyone that knew her,” he wrote. “She was everything to us. She was a great student at the top of her 3rd grade class and reading at a 5th grade level.” Orange County Sheriff John Mina did not provide a motive for any of the shootings Thursday, and said Moses was not speaking. Cops said he was initially taken to a hospital after his arrest because deputies thought he might be under the influence of drugs. Once at the facility, Moses began brawling with hospital staffers before deputies had to subdue him once again. He continued to attack officers after being transferred to a local station house, Mina said. Moses refused to talk to deputies about the slayings and at one point pretended to fall asleep to avoid engagement, Mina said. He is currently facing second-degree murder charges related to Augustin’s death, and a slew of additional charges are expected to follow. Mina previously disclosed Moses’ long criminal history, which includes gun, battery, assault and grand theft charges. State Attorney Monique Worrell appeared alongside the sheriff at a press conference Thursday, and addressed critics who’ve questioned why Moses was on the street, given his prolific criminal past. Worrell said he had only one arrest since becoming adult, a 2021 marijuana possession charge that was later dropped.