Manhattan District Attorney Alvin Bragg warned hundreds of illegal pot joints Tuesday that he’s ready to snuff them out with eviction notices. The typically soft-on-crime law man said his office sent more than 400 letters to rogue businesses in the borough threatening them with the boot, saying he has the power to launch evictions under civil law. “This letter is to inform you that the Manhattan’s District Attorney’s Office is prepared to use our civil authority … to require owners and landlords to commence eviction proceedings of commercial tenants who are engaged in illegal trade or business, and to take over such eviction proceedings if necessary,” the missive warned. “In instances where criminal charges are warranted, including but not limited to tax evasion, money laundering, or the sale of cannabis and other narcotics to minors, my office will work with our law enforcement partners to prosecute those crimes.” Bragg said at a press conference Tuesday, “It is time for the operation of unlicensed cannabis dispensaries to end. “They’ve been put on notice.” Mayor Eric Adams — who was at the event on the Upper West Side, where city officials said such illegal businesses have particularly proliferated — added,“You can’t just open a shop and sell marijuana. “There are rules,” he said. “These products are not tested. In some cases, they could be laced with fentanyl. These are dangerous products.” Asked whether other city district attorneys would be following suit, Adams only said Big Apple officials will “share” information about Manhattan’s program and its potential success with them. Manhattan Borough President Mark Levine said it’s clear fines haven’t been working, noting the illegal shops are making so much money that they can afford whatever monetary damages are slapped against them. This makes them “magnets for robberies … They have potentially tens of thousands of dollars on hand,” Levine added at the presser. The move to boot illegal shops comes less than a month after local Sheriff Anthony Miranda testified during a City Council hearing that an astounding 1,400 businesses have popped up in the Big Apple illegally selling cannabis products. A study by industry groups released at the end of last year said the problem was undoubtedly far worse. There are “likely tens of thousands of illicit cannabis businesses” currently operating out of bodegas, smoke shops and other storefronts in New York City, said the survey conducted by the New York Medical Cannabis Industry Association, NJ Cannabis Trade Association and Connecticut Medical Cannabis Council. Making matters more worrisome, many of the illegal shops have been selling bad or dangerously tainted weed, the study found, after buying and testing cannabis goods from the illicit businesses. The study said many of the items contained potentially deadly E. coli, salmonella, heavy metals and pesticides. Manhattan City Councilwoman Gale Brewer, whose district includes the Upper West Side, said she’s seen kids who appear at least as young as 12 buying illicit pot and that illegal businesses are moving “within 500 feet of high schools and [other] schools.” “Those that are selling illegal cannabis, they have no regard,” Adams said. Chris Alexander, executive director of the city’s Office of Cannabis Management, which oversees the Big Apple’s ganja program, said the plan was to particularly help minority communities make money through licenses to raise them up. “This is not what was fought for,” he said at the press conference, referring to the booming underground market. In mid-January, there was just one legal weed shop open in New York City, with a second on the way days later. Three hundred licenses for the shops have been distributed so far. The proliferation of illegal shops was so bad in 2022 that Adams had to create a cannabis task force — which included the sheriff’s office, NYPD and city Department of Consumer Affairs — to crack down on them. Bragg said the sheriff’s office issued 566 violations at 53 Manhattan locations between Nov. 14 and Nov. 28 and Nov. 28 and Dec. 3, netting $4.1 million in the operation. The NYPD also seized 20 illicit pot-peddling trucks and buses, he said. Just last month, Bragg sat down for a general interview with the local CBS affiliate at the Harlem Tavern — as an unlicensed pot truck was parked outside illegally peddling its weed wares. “This right here, is this, is this legal?” TV journalist  Maurice DuBois asked the DA. Bragg replied, “Most likely not,’’ prompting DuBois to say, “Here’s the DA right here. Here’s a guy with a truck. What could be done about this?” Bragg said the sheriff’s office had been impounding some such vehicles. When DuBois responded,  “But in the most practical terms, this guy gets to do business, unchecked, at least for now,’’ Bragg acknowledged, “It’s problematic.”