The Caesars Sportsbook promo code NPBONUSFULL unlocks a $1,250 first bet “on Caesars” for all new users. If you’re in Ohio, you can get the same offer but up to $1,500, with Caesars Sportsbook promo code NPBONUS1BET. Let’s learn how to claim these offers and go over the many options you have to bet on Thursday night. New Caesars Sportsbook bettors outside of Ohio can get up to $1,250 back if their first bet loses when they register with the promo code NPBONUSFULL. This is one of the best offers around, as it is $250 more than you would typically find at other online sportsbooks. How does this offer work? Make your first bet at Caesars, and if it loses, you’ll be refunded in bet credits up to $1,250. So if you put $200 on any spread of the teams we detail below at -110 odds, you’ll profit about $181 if it wins. You’ll then have $381 in your account; that’s real cash. If that first bet loses, you’ll bet $200 in bet credits back. You then must use the bet credits on any wager and turn them into cash. But you don’t keep the bet credit amount. So if you put $50 in credits on Milwaukee -3.5 and it wins, you’ll take the profit of about $45. All eyes will be on the NBA this Thursday for many reasons. First, the trade deadline is at 3 pm eastern time. It will be crucial for bettors to monitor the market as any trade news could alter betting lines drastically. Now the other reason to keep your eyes on the association is that there are four action-packed matchups. Getting the slate started will be the Orlando Magic as their young squad takes on Nikola Jokic and the Denver Nuggets. Then you’re going to need two more screens just a half hour later. The Chicago Bulls take on the new-look Brooklyn Nets, and Devin Booker will lead the Suns in his second game back against Trae Young’s Atlanta Hawks. Finally, Giannis and the Bucks head to LA to face LeBron and the Lakers fresh off James becoming the NBA’s all-time leading scorer. New and existing players. 21+. Available in AZ, CO, IA, IL, IN, KS, LA, MI, NJ, NY, TN, VA, WV only. Full T&C apply.. If you’re looking to pad your bankroll, look no further than Caesars Sportsbook. Caesars offers loads of daily profit boosts. They come in all shapes and sizes, as they could be increasing the odds on straight bets, or boosting same-game parlays, or even giving you extra value with a three-team parlay on the day’s biggest favorites. However you like to bet, Caesars has you covered. So be sure to check out all the boosts they have to offer. For Ohio bettors: OH only. 21+. New users and first wager only. Must register with eligible promo code. Bet amount of qualifying wager returned only if wager is settled as a loss. Maximum bet credit $1,500; must be used within 14 days of receipt. See Caesars.com/promos for full terms. Void where prohibited. Know When To Stop Before You Start.® Gambling problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER.