The House of Mouse is still pushing woke nonsense. Its latest effort? A  streaming series from its Hulu subsidiary based on New York Times journalist Nikole Hannah-Jones’ poisonous 1619 Project, an error-riddled piece of propaganda that reframes all of American history as an effort to maintain white supremacy. Viewers rightly furious over the project’s lies and distortions are already canceling their subscriptions. Good. Indeed, the biggest lie 1619 tells is right there in its title: the claim that America was truly founded that year, when slaves first reached Jamestown. This is ridiculous on its face. But don’t take our word for it. The Times memory-holed this idea from its website just in time for Pulitzer season (Hannah-Jones won, of course). Another false, equally central claim is that the American Revolution was undertaken in large part to keep slavery legal. Leslie M. Harris, a leading black historian of slavery in America, told Hannah-Jones this was false before initial publication, but the “journalist” ignored this debunking and has gone on repeating the claim ever since. And Disney’s sponsoring new lies: As Phillip W. Magness notes in today’s Post, the Hulu special cites an emancipation order by the royal governor of Virginia as triggering the rebellion. In fact, he issued that order from exile, because the rebels had long before forced him out of the mansion that the special pretends he issued it from. Here’s hoping the wave of cancellations drives the point home for the entertainment mega-corp, which is only interested in enforcing the progressive consensus that America is irredeemably bad by branding any who question this doctrine as racist. Maybe pain in its wallet will work; it clearly has no moral compass. Yes, teaching about slavery and its horrors is hugely important. But pushing 1619’s false history, as Disney’s doing, is a disgrace. It will prevent kids and adults alike from seeing the evils of slavery as they really were — and from seeing the great good that came from a country that was founded on universal ideals. Yes, it didn’t live up to those ideals at first and would have to fight for them. But the seed was there. Such as a system of free thought and enterprise that would, one day, allow the descendants of slaves to become presidents, billionaires and, yes, Pulitzer winners.