TAMPA — The Yankees’ left field competition is set to begin on Monday with the first full-squad workout, and Giancarlo Stanton looms as a wild card. The slugger may not be a viable option to start every day at the position, because the Yankees need to keep him healthy, but manager Aaron Boone said Friday he views Stanton as being “in the mix in the outfield.” “I think he’s gonna be primarily our DH more than anyone else, but my hope is that the outfield is very much in play,” Boone said after pitchers and catchers worked out at George M. Steinbrenner Field. Stanton started 38 games in the outfield last season and 26 in 2021. But most of those starts came in right field, and of his combined 14 starts in left field, none were at Yankee Stadium, because of its spacious dimensions at the position. Asked whether Stanton could play left field at Yankee Stadium — something he hasn’t done since 2019 — Boone was noncommittal. “We’ll see about that,” he said. “And I might get a little creative there, too. We’ll see how that shakes out.” In the meantime, Aaron Hicks is seen as the front-runner to claim the left-field job entering spring training, with the versatile Oswaldo Cabrera and Estevan Florial, among others, expected to see time there in camp. Hicks is coming off a brutal season, which ended when he suffered a knee injury from a collision in Game 5 of the ALDS, but Boone believes he is “in a good place.” “He’s working on shortening some things up [with his swing], making some adjustments, which are inevitable over the course of a career,” Boone said. “So physically he’s in a good space and I think mentally he’s ready to go and excited to be here to compete.” Catcher Austin Wells has been sidelined from baseball activities by a bruised rib after he felt discomfort in his first day at camp. The Yankees’ No. 4 prospect, per MLB.com, hopes to be back on the field by Monday. “There wasn’t any trigger or anything, just kind of out of nowhere was like, ‘That doesn’t feel very good,’ ” Wells said. “But it feels a lot better today. Day by day, it’s getting a lot better. Just trying to be ready to go for when the games start kicking up around here.” Ron Marinaccio threw another bullpen session Friday and said he felt good as he continues to build back strength from the shin injury that kept him out of the playoffs last year. The reliever is set to face hitters early next week. Luis Severino, Michael King and Clarke Schmidt threw live bullpen sessions on Friday afternoon. It was King’s second time facing hitters since he broke his right elbow last July.