It’s very “Pre-Madonna.” Madonna’s former Los Angeles home is up for sale, asking a whopping $21 million. Spanning over 10,000 square feet, the singer lived in the home from 1993 until selling it to filmmaker and commercial director Joe Pytka for $5.3 million in 1996, records show. She lived in the home during her years ramping up her provocative image. Madonna starred in 1993 erotic thriller, “Body of Evidence,” which contained scenes of sadomasochism and bondage, and was poorly received by critics. While living in the home, she was also already crowned the “Queen of Pop” for her 1983 debut studio album, followed by all-time bestsellers such the 1984 song “Like a Virgin,” and the 1986 song, “True Blue.” Made up of nine bedrooms and six baths, the home was designed by John DeLaricio back in 1926. It is considered one of the “most significant Spanish estates ever built in southern California,” the listing notes. The current owner is Russian-American fashion designer Leon Max, who purchased the property for $7 million in 2010. “I had known about Castillo del Lago for many years as it is a beautiful landmark property with a uniquely convenient location to downtown, West Hollywood and to the West Side via a picturesque drive down the Mulholland,” Max said in a statement. “It is decorated in a manner that is romantic and is in keeping with the Spanish Colonial style of the structure,” Max added. “A mix of Renaissance and Moorish furniture and art objects create a timeless warmth of a country house reminiscent of interiors designed by Renzo Mongiardino.” Max noted that he was inclined to sell the property because he was set to return to England for his child’s school. But before he listed it for sale, he spent years working to perfect it. “The first order of the day was to re-paint the house back to a weathered white and to re-open the breezeway to gain back something resembling a minstrel’s gallery overhanging the main inner courtyard,” he said. “The house has a number of hanging gardens and fountains that were repaired and re-planted to create an abundant overhang of climbing plants like fig ivy, bougainvillea, wisteria and jasmine. There is also a large collection of potted cacti.” The home was also briefly used to film “Beverly Hills Cop” in 1984. Situated behind private gates, the 3-acre ridgetop property boasts panoramic views of Lake Hollywood, the iconic Hollywood sign and vast downtown-to-ocean vistas. Architectural highlights include coffered ceilings, custom wrought-iron features, terracotta flooring, period tile, hand-painted artistry, grand fireplaces, exposed wood-beamed ceilings, Spanish archways and a vintage wood paneled elevator, the listing states. A foyer leads to a spiral staircase tower, which connects the home’s multiple levels. This includes a two-story formal living room, French doors that open to the terrace, a wood-paneled library and a casual breakfast room next to the period-style chef’s kitchen. A loggia opens to the central courtyard surrounded by palm trees, a fountain and an outdoor fireplace. The primary suite boasts sitting areas, dual baths and the signature tower with lounge seating. The grounds also feature a lap pool, rose gardens and citrus trees. Luxe amenities include a media room, a refrigerated wine room, two staff rooms with a kitchen, a separate gym with an expansive terrace and a guest suite. Linda May and Brett Lawyer with Carolwood Estates hold the listing. “Castillo del Lago’s next illustrious owner will have a true appreciation for romantic architecture, ultra-privacy and the captivating history of our city,” May said in a statement. “Buyers who live in the Hollywood Hills neighborhoods and enclaves, seek out classic nostalgic homes, especially ones that come with sweeping views.”