Kyrie Irving has stirred up more drama in Brooklyn, but this time could be the last time. The star has told the Nets he wants out, preferably by Thursday’s NBA Trade Deadline. The news was first reported by The Athletic, and confirmed by the Post through a source close to the situation. The source did not say what Irving’s breaking point was or why the West Orange, NJ native wants a trade from his hometown team. Despite last summer’s testy negotiations, Brooklyn had been in contract talks with Irving recently and offered an extension; but The Athletic reported that the offer with “guarantee stipulations” was “not well-received.” Irving – who has been at odds with the Nets at times over the past two years, on both contractually and other issues – told the team if he isn’t moved ahead of the Feb. 9 deadline, he’ll depart in free agency. And unlike last summer, when Irving’s market was suppressed, this summer he’ll have options. Averaging 27.1 points, 5.3 assists and 5.1 rebounds, Irving was voted in as a starter in the Feb. 19 NBA All-Star Game, alongside fellow Brooklyn star Kevin Durant. There’s a legitimate chance Irving could be in a different uniform by then, having forced his way out of an unsettled Nets team. Brooklyn and Irving have gone through a dizzying roller coaster ride since his 2019 arrival from Boston in free agency, with individual highs on the court and plenty of controversial lows off it, from missing 2/3rds of last season due to his refusal to adhere to New York’s COVID-19 vaccine mandates to this season’s eight-game suspension for promoting an anti-Semitic film. That vaccine refusal saw the Nets pull a full max contract that had been tabled that summer by owner Joe Tsai and general manager Sean Marks. His lack of availability also played a role in former MVP James Harden – whom he and Durant had recruited to Brooklyn – becoming disgruntled and forcing a move to Philadelphia at last year’s trade deadline. Then Durant requested a trade this past summer, just days after Irving – who’d been granted permission to seek trades last summer, and threatening to sign with the Lakers for the mid-level – had opted in to the $36 million final season of his initial four-year max contract. Now it’s Irving’s turn to ask out. A pending unrestricted free agent this summer – in a landscape where far more teams have significant salary cap room, or could create it – that, along with his impressive All-Star play, have given Irving more leverage to work with. The Nets, initially scheduled to practice on Friday, scrapped that plan. As such, Irving was not available. With Brooklyn sitting fourth in the Eastern Conference at 31-20, coach Jacque Vaughn was asked about the prospect of making moves at Thursday’s trade deadline. He demurred, and deferred to Marks. “You know, I’m going to leave that to the management group on the other side over there,” said Vaughn. “But as a coach, you see the trends of the league: long athletic, multi-dimensional guys that can play on both ends of the floor. That just makes it easier for you to get things done on both ends. We’ll exhaust all our resources, whether that’s (G League) Long Island, or whether hopefully our guys coming back healthy helps.”