New York Post readers can take advantage of the FanDuel Sportsbook promo code for a no sweat bet up to $1,000 that can be used for the Detroit Pistons at the Orlando Magic on Thursday night, or any other game. FanDuel’s new customer offer lets you make a first bet up to $1,000, and if it loses, you get the amount wagered back as bet credits. If you aren’t an NBA fan, don’t fret because this offer can be used for any sports market on the FanDuel online sportsbook. Follow the link below for more information — no actual code needed. The FanDuel promo code can be used by new customers to get a No Sweat Bet up to $1,000. Make a bet with the promo code, and if it loses, you’ll get that money back as bet credits. Thursday night’s Detroit Pistons vs. Orlando Magic game is a great time to try out FanDuel’s risk-free offer! The NBA All-Star break is finally over and one of the first games on Thursday night’s schedule is the Orlando Magic hosting the Detroit Pistons. Orlando is favored by seven points on FanDuel Sportsbook, which seems fairly accurate. Both of these teams are low in the Eastern Conference standings, but the Magic (24-35) has an outside shot at the play-in tournament, while the Pistons (15-44) are just running out the string of the season. Rookie forward Paolo Banchero has been an excellent No. 1 overall pick for Orlando and second-year forward Franz Wagner has emerged as a promising young player as well. The Magic appear to have their young core set in place and they are only four games out of the final play-in spot so they’ll be motivated to win down the stretch. Detroit, on the other hand, is arguably the worst team in the NBA and has an abysmal 7-23 road record. Sharp shooting forward Bojan Bogdanovic can get buckets any night of the week, but aside from him, the Pistons are mostly rolling out unproven young players. Even though both of these teams will likely miss the playoffs, Orlando has a clear talent advantage and no reason to tank games, so take it to cover the spread with the FanDuel promo code. 21 or older. Available in AZ, CT, CO, IA, IL, IN, KS, LA, MD, MI, NJ, NY, OH, PA, TN, VA, WV, WY only. Full T&C apply.