As would-be Vice President and the recently-defeated Sarah Palin once said, “Drill baby, drill.” At the time, she wasn’t talking about DeWalt’s line of products, though perhaps she should have been; we’ve found a winning strategy in signal-boosting huge savings on DeWalt products. Which is all to say: DeWalt is currently offering huge savings of up to 50% off everything from drills to drivers on Amazon. In order to showcase the best DeWalt has to offer, we spoke to Katie Kendall, a DeWalt product manager, to get in the inside scoop. “DeWalt’s commitment to quality and performance has earned the trust of professionals around the world,” Kendall said. “Through our rigorous testing and development processes focused on the needs of our end users, DeWalt ensures the job is finished long before your tools are.” “With an expansive range of 300+ tools on our 20V Max platform, including those highlighted, pros can count on DeWalt to continue to provide the latest jobsite innovations to tackle the toughest jobs,” Kendall added. Below, with DeWalt’s suggestions in mind, we’ve highlighted our twelve favorite DeWalt deals on Amazon, all sure to put a smile on your favorite handyman’s face. So read on, click through, and drill, baby, drill. No, you’re not seeing double. On the right is a drill, on the left is a driver, and both come in this 20V Max set from DeWalt, along with two batteries and a charger, all marked down 27%. Already have an impact driver? Skip the twofer deal, and just snag this great deal on a 20v Max Cordless Drill set, now under $100 on Amazon. Save $70, and get a top-of-the-line drill, bag, battery, and battery charger. With a deal like this, it’s not hard to see why this drill is a #1 bestseller on Amazon. DeWalt recommended us this deal on a 6.5″ 20V Max Circular Saw, now 15% off on Amazon. Make tough cuts easy with this powerful, durable circular saw, now under $120. Batteries are important. Whether you’re charging a new toy, or your 20V Max Impact Driver, they’re essential for a good time, though they often go forgotten. This deal, on the other hand, won’t be soon forgotten. Save over 30% on these DeWalt batteries today. This is probably the best deal on a Miter Saw we’ve ever saw. Sorry, we mean seen. Nab this #1 Amazon bestseller for over $100, and saw away, today. Already got a drill that works great? For just $151, you can nab this 20V MAX Cordless Impact Driver Kit, sans drill. Like our deal in the #2 slot, this driver also comes with a battery and charger. Do we need to drive the point home? Like the idea of a replacing (or gifting) your reciprocating saw, but prefer a larger tool? This standard-size 20V MAX Reciprocating Saw from DeWalt is priced down 22% on Amazon. We know, we know, we said that we’d stick to tools on our list, but we just couldn’t resist this deal on a 14-Piece Black and Gold Drill Bit Set from DeWalt, marked down to just $15 today. Sock it to ’em and save a whopping 50% on this Impact Socket Set from DeWalt, offered on Amazon for just $50, down from $101. If you thought 50% off was a great deal, wait until you see this one. This 14-Piece Titanium Nitrate Coated Drill Bit Set is just $21 on Amazon, down from $45, for mind-blowing savings of 54%. Someone out there’s eyes light up when they see a brand-new Orbital Sander from DeWalt. For under $100, make your craftsman’s day with this 20V MAX Orbital Sander, marked down almost 40%. Save almost $100, or 21%, on this 8.25″ Table Saw, perfect for jobsites, backyard sheds, workshops, and more. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.