Meghan Markle could be making her way back to Hollywood very soon. The former “Suits” star, 41, and her husband Prince Harry are reportedly planning to produce romantic comedies and move away from creating documentaries, a source told the Telegraph recently. The couple is now planning to produce more “fun” scripted series, according to the report, but they won’t be appearing in any of the projects. “There will be more of a heavy focus on fictional, scripted content,” the insider alleged. “It will be romcoms, feel-good and light-hearted programs.” Harry, 38, and Markle signed a multi-million dollar, multi-year deal with Netflix in 2020 to create content for the streaming giant. The exiled royals told the New York Times in 2020 that they plan to develop “documentaries, docu-series, feature films, scripted shows and children’s programming” for the streamer. “Our focus will be on creating content that informs but also gives hope,” they told the outlet at the time. “As new parents, making inspirational family programming is also important to us.” They dropped their bombshell docuseries “Harry & Meghan” last December where they discussed life after leaving the royal family in Jan. 2020. The pair also took viewers through their tumultuous relationship with the royal family as well as why they chose to step away from the monarchy. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex were paid an estimated $100 million by Netflix for the show. Following the explosive documentary, Harry released his 400-page memoir, “Spare,” last month, which is now the fastest-selling non-fiction book of all time. The book was full of revealing tidbits of his life, as well as his experiences growing up as the “spare” prince in the royal family. Markle also reportedly had raised “gentle concerns” about the book, wondering if it was the “right move,” sources told the Telegraph on Jan. 23. “Media-savvy” Markle was hesitant for the memoir to be released, however, she didn’t want to get herself too involved because she would have been accused of “trying to steal the limelight,” the source said. The insider added that once Harry went ahead with his writing, the former actress supported him fully. “Is this the way she would have approached things? Possibly not,” the explained. “But she will always back him and would never have got involved in promoting such a personal project.”