With just a few days before the Feb. 12 Super Bowl between Nick Sirianni’s Philadelphia Eagles and Andy Reid’s Kansas City Chiefs, there are a lot of questions that have yet to be answered. Will Patrick Mahomes be at 100%? Can Jalen Hurts lead the Eagles to a win in his Super Bowl debut? What will Rihanna sing at halftime? And most importantly — how much are last-minute tickets? We’re happy to report that they’ve decreased significantly in price. When we last reported on ticket prices on Jan. 30, they started at $4,560 before fees on Vivid Seats. Now, with just a few days left before the big game at Glendale, tickets can be scooped up for as low as $3,580 before fees. Yes, waiting a week can save you nearly $1,000. Lower-level seats today are available for $4,364 before fees; on Jan. 30, the cheapest available seat in the 100s section was $6,110 before fees. It really does pay to wait. All prices were found at the time of publication and are subject to fluctuation. Vivid Seats is a secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand. They have a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and will be delivered before the event. Kickoff is at 3:30 p.m. PST.  Eagles’ outside linebacker Haason Reddick has exceeded all expectations over the course of his storybook career. After walking on at Temple University, Reddick had to have an assistant coach from his Camden hometown talk the staff into keeping him on the team. A decade later, Reddick has been an integral part in bringing the Birds to their first Super Bowl since 2018. To read the inspirational story in full, you can find Reddick’s triumphant tale here. Want to be the most knowledgable Birds fan in the room come Super Bowl Sunday? Click here to check out all of the NY Post’s Eagles coverage.  After Kansas City fell apart in the 2021 Super Bowl against Tom Brady’s Buccaneers, general manager Brett Veach knew he had to bolster his team’s offensive line while quarterback Patrick Mahomes while still in his prime. Thanks to the play of Joe Thuney, Orlando Brown, Creed Humphrey and Trey Smith. the team is more confident in their O-Line than ever before. If you want the full scoop on the team’s offensive line makeover, check out the NY Post’s story here. All NY Post Chiefs news, updates and coverage can be found here.  The biggest television event of the year — we’re already excited for the Steve Martin/Ben Stiller commercials — can be viewed on Fox. Who’s calling it? Kevin Burkhardt will handle play-by-play duties and Greg Olsen is the analyst. They’ll be joined by sideline reporters Erin Andrews and Tom Rinaldi; Mike Pereira will serve as the game’s rules analyst The pregame show will be hosted by Curt Menefee and features football legends Terry Bradshaw, Howie Long, Michael Strahan, Jimmy Johnson, Rob Gronkowski and Jay Glazer. Eight-time Grammy winner Chris Stapleton, who is conducting a nationwide 2023 tour this summer, will sing the National Anthem. No TV? No problem. The game can also be streamed on Hulu + Live TV, Fubo or Sling.  While fans will be treated to an epic Rihanna mini-concert at Super Bowl 57, we’re happy to report that she won’t be the only performer staging a massive show this year. In fact, quite a few mega stars have huge tours coming up in the next few months. Here are just five of our favorites, can’t-miss acts that may be coming to a city near you this spring or summer. • Bruce Springsteen and the E Street Band • Taylor Swift • Beyoncé • Metallica • Blink 182 Still craving more live music options? Check out our list of the 52 biggest concert tours in 2023 here.