Why go to your OB-GYN for a sonogram when you can get a salon-ogram from your hairdresser? A hairstylist on TikTok has claimed that she can tell if a woman is pregnant just by looking at her clients’ locks. Samantha Penn explained in a recent video how she knows if a lady is expecting due to the texture and volume of her hair. “Hairdressers can tell when you’re pregnant, and I’ll tell you how,” she began her nearly two-minute-long clip. “The way I can tell if you’re pregnant — your hair will either not be as curly if it’s normally curly. [Or] it won’t be as thick or thicker, so it will have a texture change,” Penn went on. The influencer added: “Also there’ll be little new-growth hairs randomly [on your head], so it means I can tell there’s a hormonal change going on.” Penn claimed she can also perceive a baby’s gender by looking at her clients’ strands. “And what it is they say is girls take away your beauty and boys give you beauty. So when you’re having a boy, I feel like the hair is fuller, thicker and it feels like a good texture,” she said. She noted: “When you’re having a girl, I feel like it’s so oily and wet, and almost feels like you have an increase of estrogen.” “So that’s how we can tell you’re pregnant, over its texture changes and thickness, or less thick,” Penn explained. Hair color can also vary during pregnancy. Penn stated that she would color her pregnant clients’ hair a lighter shade since it could get darker, and she would advise them not to get a perm. According to Today’s Parent, pregnancy can affect your hair due to having increased levels of estrogen and androgen — two hormones that encourage shinier and thicker hair. Several people can also end up with oilier and less curly strands due to hormonal variations. Some women can even notice that their hair is becoming fuller and the texture is curlier. Getting perms or hair relaxers during pregnancy is also not the safest due to the chemicals being used, according to Baby Med’s Dr. Amos Grünebaum. Grünebaum added that coloring is safe, as long as the dye doesn’t have much contact with the woman’s scalp for long periods of time. 