GLENDALE, Ariz. — It might be time for the Chiefs to change the name of the “I-formation” to the “RU-formation.” If the NFL’s most explosive offense ends up in a short-yardage or goal-line situation Sunday in Super Bowl 2023, there is a chance fullback Michael Burton will be lead blocking for halfback Isiah Pacheco. In other words, the Chiefs could have an all-Rutgers backfield. “It’s so special to have two Rutgers guys,” Pacheco said. “He’s shown me the brotherhood. It feels like I’ve been playing with him for years, and it’s our first year together.” Burton and Pacheco lined up together on 25 of the 71 offensive snaps that Burton played this season for the spread-out Chiefs, who are more likely to use a second tight end or a third receiver than a fullback, unless the situation calls for a power run. The odds of a Burton-Pacheco teaming could increase if quarterback Patrick Mahomes’ injured ankle prevents him from running in short yardage. “We talk about how cool it is to represent New Jersey pride,” said Burton, whose last season at Rutgers (2014) was long before Pacheco arrived (2018). “We didn’t cross paths, but we both played for Coach [Greg] Schiano and we can swap stories.” Pacheco, a 2022 seventh-round draft pick, took over as the starter in Week 7 and finished with 830 rushing yards and five touchdowns. Burton has 18 touches and one score in 33 games since joining the Chiefs, his fifth organization over an eight-year career. “I told [our staff] prior to drafting him, ‘Look, this kid is legit. This kid can play. You are going to love his character and energy,’ so I was just so pumped they were able to make it happen,” Burton said. “What he’s done as a rookie, I’m not totally surprised because I watched him play in the spring a little bit when I would go back and visit when I was injured.” Rutgers used to make its case as Defensive Back University, but Jason McCourty has retired, and Devin McCourty, Duron Harmon and Logan Ryan are nearing their respective finish lines. A trio of running backs recruited by former head coach Chris Ash — Pacheco, Gus Edwards (Ravens) and Raheem Blackshear (Panthers) — soon might have to carry the NFL torch for the Scarlet Knights. “To pick Burt’s brain and for him to show me the ropes, I’m going to do whatever I have to do to keep listening and for him to help me be successful in this game,” Pacheco said. “Those guys all did what they had to do to get to this point, so for me to see it happen before I got here, I soaked it all in.” Burton and Pacheco will increase the total number of Rutgers products with Super Bowl experience to 19. Only one (L.J. Smith for the Eagles in Super Bowl XXXIX) has scored a touchdown. Defensive tackle Sebastian Joseph won a ring with the Rams last offseason and shares representation at Jersey City-based agency Malka Sports with Burton. “You talk about a coach who is the best at putting players in positions to be successful, that’s Coach [Andy] Reid. “You add the best quarterback in the world and best tight end [Travis Kelce] in the world, it’s just so fun watching those three mesh and being part of this offense.”