Research has shown that having a photo posing with a pet in your dating profile makes you more desirable. Singles who included photos of themselves posing with a pup on their dating profile were more likely to find a match, according to a recent poll of 1,000 British adults commissioned by Guide Dogs, a non-profit organization that provides guide dog services. The survey revealed that two-thirds of people admitted that they’re more likely to match with someone if their dating profile includes a picture of a dog. Digging into their reasoning, six in 10 people said they believe owning a dog is a good sign that a person is ready to settle down in a committed relationship. People also presumed dog owners to be more social, active and empathetic. The benefits of having a dog in a dating profile were allegedly so effective that half of those polled even said they would borrow a family or friend’s dog for a photo shoot to bolster their dating profile. “It’s interesting to see that the same traits Brits associate with their favorite four-legged friends — such as empathy, patience, and trustworthiness — are also those they consider attractive qualities for their relationships,” said Paul Martin, a spokesperson from Guide Dogs. “Owning a dog can provide a great sense of emotional well-being thanks to the unconditional love they give, which is why they’re also great company and comfort for people when they’re building new connections,” he added. A separate study, conducted by OnePoll for the brand World’s Best Cat Litter, recently found that the majority of respondents said they’d be “more interested” in someone if their dating profile included a photo of themselves cuddling with a cat. The study polled 1,000 Americans who own cats and 1,000 who don’t and found that feline parents were slightly more likely to be involved in a relationship than non-cat owners (92% vs 89%). In fact, four in 10 have even gone home with a potential date specifically to meet that person’s pet. But it doesn’t really matter whether you’re a dog or cat person, as long as you’re a pet person. The research found that 72% of people consider owning a pet to be “attractive,” regardless of their own relationship or pet ownership status.