Gina Carano’s character in “The Mandalorian,” Cara Dune, will still be part of the Disney+ series. The 40-year-old actress and former MMA fighter was fired from the show in 2021 after several problematic posts, including one that compared the Nazi murders of the Jewish population to “hating someone for their political views.” Rick Famuyiwa, the series executive producer and director, confirmed to Deadline on Monday that Dune will remain in the series. The show returns with Season 3 on Wednesday. “Cara was a big part and continues as a character to be part of the world. It had to be addressed in the creative and [Jon Favreau] took the time to think about that,” Famuyiwa said. “It was something that was discussed as we knew it was going to have impact on the show, but at the same time, what has been at the heart of the show are the two characters — Din Djarin and Grogu — so ultimately it felt like a servicing of that, and around the Mandalorian,” he continued. But it’s still unclear whether Carano will portray the bounty hunter or if a new actress will suit up for the role. The Post has contacted reps for Carano, Famuyiwa and Disney+ for comment. When asked by Deadline how much Dune will be featured in the series, Famuyiwa and Lucasfilm creative director Dave Filoni answered: “It’s a big galaxy and we have many characters in it — many characters are fighting for their screen time. We’ll just have to see as the season unfolds what the adventures are, but it’s a great character, someone who was vital to Din Djarin’s beginnings; we’ll see if he has evolved beyond that.” While Carano was axed from the series and claimed she “was stripped of everything,” her acting career was far from over. In 2022, she starred in the Daily Wire-developed film “Terror on the Prairie.” The actress, who refused to be vaccinated against COVID-19, even told the Post Millennial that her cancellation from Hollywood was inevitable. “I would have been canceled anyways, 10 times from when I was canceled, so I’m actually happy it happened because my heart is free,” Carano said. “I’m not hiding. I’m honest, I’m out here. And I’m a very flawed human being. I don’t have everything figured out. But I know one thing is I’m attracting people that I absolutely like — I’m finding a tribe. “It’s only after we’ve lost everything that we’re free to do anything,” Carano added.