Jelly Roll is on a roll. First, the crossover country-rap star’s hit single “Son of a Sinner” hit number one on the Billboard Country Airplay chart in January 2023. Now, riding that wave of momentum, he’s announced his massive ‘Backyard Baptism Summer Tour’ that will send him to amphitheaters, county fairs, festivals and arenas all over North America from May through August. Midway through the run, Jelly Roll’s ‘Backyard Baptism’ will dip into Darien Center, NY’s Darien Lake Performing Arts Center on Aug. 3. But wait! There’s more! Jelly Roll won’t be going it alone on this tour. He’ll be joined by special guest country stars Ashley McBryde, Chase Rice, Elle King, rappers Merkules, Struggle Jennings, Three 6 Mafia, Yelawolf and comedian Josh Adam Meyers on select dates. “Don’t miss it when this circus comes to your town,” Jelly Roll shared on Instagram. And if you want to run away with Jelly Roll’s circus, you can grab tickets as early as today. Although inventory isn’t available on Ticketmaster until Friday, Feb. 24, fans who want to ensure they have tickets ahead of time can purchase on sites like Vivid Seats before they’re officially on sale. Vivid Seats is a secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand. They have a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and will be delivered before the event.  The ‘Backyard Baptism Tour’ gets underway at Key West, FL’s Coffee Butler Amphitheater on May 5. From there, the country-fried rapper (or hip-hop influenced country singer) will bring his unique sound to big market cities like Virginia Beach (Aug. 12), Milwaukee (Aug. 18), Las Vegas (Sept. 1), Phoenix (Sept. 16) and Lexington (Oct. 10). Jelly Roll and co. close the tour at Tampa’s MidFlorida Credit Union Amphitheatre at the Florida State Fair Grounds on Oct. 14. Plus, he’ll also headline Bloomington, IL’s four-day Tailgates and Tallboys Festival from June 14-17 alongside Nickelback, Chase Rice and Warren Zeiders. On top of that, Jelly Roll has a handful of co-headlining concerts with Eric Church lined up this year as well. Want to see if the “Son Of A Sinner” singer is coming to a city near you? A complete calendar including all tour dates, venues, show start times and links to buy tickets can be found here.  As noted earlier, Jelly Roll is bringing along a motley crew of talent along with him this summer. To get you up to speed, you can check out each of his opening act’s most streamed song (and in Josh Adam Meyers’ case, his podcast) on Spotify below. Ashley McBryde: “One Night Standards” Chase Rice: “Eyes On You” Elle King: “Ex’s & Oh’s” Merkules: “Bass” Struggle Jennings: “Fall in the Fall” Three 6 Mafia: “Stay Fly” Yelawolf: “Till It’s Gone” Josh Adam Meyers: “The 500”  The versatile 38-year-old recently spilled to Music Mayhem that this debut country album is “coming in April or May of 2023.” “I’m really proud of it. I’m going to have some features on it. It’s a country record for sure,” he continued. “I think ‘Son of a Sinner’ was just kind of showing people what I could do, but we also got some real kind of rock records on there…and we’ll have a couple of songs where I’m spitting a little bit too. So it’s still true to Jelly Roll for sure.” In the meantime, you can listen to the album’s expected lead singles, “Need A Favor” and “She” here.  Many stars who have songs about whiskey are out and about on the road this year. Here are just five of our favorite country stars you won’t want to miss live over the next few months. • Morgan Wallen • Luke Combs • Kane Brown • Chris Stapleton • Scotty McCreery Looking to see which other stars are doing their thing on tour this year? Check out our list of the 52 biggest stars on tour in 2023 here.