Could Prince Harry be a spy for Netflix? A former confidant of his mother seems to think so. Princess Diana’s wedding dress designer David Emmanuel believes that the Duke of Sussex, 38, should be searched for a wire if he attends King Charles’ coronation this May. The fashion architect speculated during an interview with GB News that Harry could potentially be collecting intel for the streaming service for future docuseries. “I hope he gets searched before he arrives on this land,” Emmanuel claimed. “Because he could be wired up for Netflix, let’s be honest. Whatever’s said he will take back and give it to Netflix and do more stories.” Harry and his wife Meghan Markle signed a multi-million dollar, multi-year deal with Netflix in 2020 to create content for the streaming giant. The couple was also paid $100 million for their docuseries “Harry & Meghan” last year. Emanuel co-designed the late Princess of Wales’ ivory wedding dress with his ex-wife Elizabeth for her nuptials in 1981. King Charles’ official coronation is set to be held later this spring and there has been much talk if Harry and the former “Suits” star, 41, will make an appearance. A source told Page Six on Monday that invitations for the royal event have not been sent out, however, the two will definitely be on the guest list. “It’s still very early days, no one has been invited yet,” the insider said. A separate eyewitness divulged to the Mirror earlier this week that Harry and Markle are still undecided about whether or not they should attend the coronation. Harry’s dad and estranged brother Prince William have not yet spoken to the couple about their presence. The royal family has had a contentious relationship with Harry and Markle since they departed the UK in 2020 and especially so after Harry released his memoir “Spare” last month. In the book, he revealed many bombshells about royal life, including detailed accounts about alleged private, physical spats with William. However, the source said that Harry is hoping to have a discussion with Charles, 74, and William, 40, before jetting to England. “Harry has been very clear and his position hasn’t wavered – he isn’t going to come if he feels the atmosphere will be as toxic as it was during the queen’s Platinum Jubilee and funeral,” the source said. “He’s said he wants to reconcile with his family and it’s their call, but so far nothing has changed.”