She’s got beauty and brains. Melanie Lynskey took to Twitter to clap back at “America’s Next Top Model” winner Adrianne Curry, who she purports body-shamed her online on Wednesday. In a now-deleted post, Curry, 40, seemed to slam Lynskey’s figure in a photo from an InStyle cover shoot, claiming she didn’t fit her “The Last of Us” role as a “post-apocalyptic warlord.” “Her body says life of luxury … not post apocalyptic warlord. where is linda hamilton when you need her?” Curry wrote on Twitter, referring to the “Terminator” actress’s rippling muscles and seemingly criticizing Lynskey’s curvier body type. The tweet was shared by Lynskey, 45, in a screenshot, where she bashed Curry’s comment. “Firstly- this is a photo from my cover shoot for InStyle magazine, not a still from HBO’s The Last Of Us,” she tweeted. “And I’m playing a person who meticulously planned & executed an overthrow of FEDRA. I am supposed to be SMART, ma’am. I don’t need to be muscly. That’s what henchmen are for.” While others online applauded her looks — calling the HBO star “gorgeous,” “incredible” and “healthy” — Curry attempted to right her wrong by claiming she was critiquing the character, not Lynskey personally. “She edited out my tweet where I said she had a perfect hour glass frame that I did not associate with warriors,” the model wrote in a subsequent tweet. “Actors taking character criticism as personal attacks is mind blowing.” “Her body is perfect. Not warlord perfect,” she added in another post. “I’m talking about a fictional character. I also said she was sorry voiced and short. The fictional character.” Her responses prompted backlash from fans of the HBO series, who bashed the model for “fat-shaming” the actress, writing, “saying someone’s body looks inappropriate is…still…personal.” Ironically, in the very cover story at the center of the digital feud, Lynskey spoke about feeling “tired” of others commenting on her body. “Sometimes, I get tired of hearing about my body, even when it is positive, I just, you know, feel like I need a break from thinking about it and hearing about it and I think all women feel that way,” she told InStyle at the time. Lynskey added that she hopes to normalize her body type on-screen for women who look similar to her. “I’m trying to just say to myself, ‘OK, you’re normalizing this, and hopefully more women will come along who look like you, and people won’t feel like they have to say things like that,’ because there is kind of a backhanded compliment,” she said, referring to the comments she received about her figure. Lynskey has spoken about being body-shamed numerous times before, including in an interview with the Hollywood Reporter last year where she discussed starving herself to stay slim when she was younger. The actress has said that while filming “Coyote Ugly” she felt pressure to follow a strict diet due to the scrutiny on set. “I was already starving myself and as thin as I could possibly be for this body, and I was still a [size] four,” she admitted, calling the intense regimens “ridiculous.” She recalled being forced into Spanx during wardrobe changes and makeup artists giving her “a bit more jawline.” “Just the feedback was constantly like, ‘You’re not beautiful. You’re not beautiful,'” she added.