Former child actor and alleged cult leader Nathan Chasing Horse reportedly armed his wives with guns and “suicide pills” to use in case police ever attempted to “break their family apart,” according to new records. Chasing Horse, who was arrested on sex abuse charges Tuesday, trained his five wives to use firearms and ordered them to “shoot it out” with cops if they came to tear the family apart — or ingest the fatal pills he stockpiled as a backup plan, according to a 50-page search warrant obtained by the Associated Press. Chasing Horse — known for his role in the 1990 Kevin Costner film “Dances With Wolves” — is accused of sexually assaulting Indigenous girls as young as 14 for roughly two decades. SWAT officers raided his north Las Vegas home Tuesday following an investigation dating back to October 2022. Police recovered memory cards containing videos of the alleged sex assaults, multiple firearms, 41 pounds of marijuana and psilocybin mushrooms from the home, according to an arrest report. He was taken into police custody and booked into Clark County jail, where he remains held without bail while he awaits his first court appearance. The sexual abuse accusations against the accused cult leader date back to the early 2000s and span multiple states. Investigators said Chasing Horse, 46, used his influence and power among US and Canadian tribes — whose members believed he was a “Medicine Man” and “Holy Person” capable of communicating with higher beings — to prey on young Indigenous girls and create a cult. “Nathan Chasing Horse used spiritual traditions and their belief system as a tool to sexually assault young girls on numerous occasions,” the search warrant states. He will be charged with at least two counts of sex trafficking and one count each of sexual assault of a child younger than 16, child abuse or neglect and sexual assault, according to court records. Those charges are still pending. Las Vegas police have identified at least six sexual assault victims who were as young as 14 when they say they were abused by Chasing Horse. Followers of the cult he’s believed to lead called “The Circle” reportedly offered their underage daughters for him to take as wives, according to the document. One girl was offered as a “gift” to him when she was just 15, police said in the warrant. He also allowed other men to have sex with the victims for a payment and recorded the sexual assaults, investigators alleged. At least two women in the “The Circle” cult said Chasing Horse had shown them the stash of the “small white pills” between 2019 and 2020 and told them to swallow one to kill themselves if he died or law enforcement intervened. More than 10 years before his arrest, Chasing Horse was reportedly banished from the Fort Peck Reservation in Poplar, Montana, amid allegations of human trafficking, drug dealing, spiritual abuse and intimidation of tribal leaders. In 2015, Fort Peck tribal leaders had voted 7-0 to ban him from setting foot on the reservation ever again, Indian Country Today reported. The accused cult leader was born on the Rosebud Reservation — home to the Sicangu Sioux tribe — in South Dakota. He played the role of a young Sioux tribe member named Smiles a Lot in the Oscar-winning movie “Dances with Wolves.” With Post wires