A high school basketball game was halted after a melee broke out during Thursday’s game between Camden and Camden Eastside in the final of the Camden County Tournament in Cherry Hill, N.J., according to multiple reports. Camden, the top seed, was leading 30-17 with 4:24 remaining in the second quarter when the game was stopped. Fans, players and coaches flooded the court, but Camden County police were able to calm down the situation within minutes. Katrina McCombs, Superintendent of the Camden City School District and Camden coach Maalik Waayns declined to comment on the brawl. But the district did release a statement obtained by NJ. Advance Media. “We are disappointed to learn that this evening’s Camden County Championship basketball game between Camden High School and Eastside High School has been suspended following an on-the-court altercation during the game,” the statement read. “Our top priority is the safety and well-being of our students and fans. Thankfully, no one was seriously injured. “This incident is not an indication of who we are. … And, we expect our student-athletes to compete with sportsmanship. The District will take all the necessary steps for appropriate disciplinary action.” A video captured from Cherry Hill’s live stream and obtained by NJ Advance Media clearly shows the melee was initiated when a Camden player punched a Camden Eastside player. One of the game officials saw the play and raised his arm to call a foul. At that point, fans, players and coaches flooded the court. The video suggests Camden’s bench emptied on to the court, but it’s not clear if Camden Eastside players reacted in a similar fashion. According to the Courier Post’s account of the incident, Eastside’s Titus Bacon went to set a screen and was punched by the Camden Panthers’ Cornelius Robinson. The refs whistled a foul as Bacon responded, but some players on Camden, who were on a 12-0 run, were upset and chased after the Tigers, which led to players, coaches and spectators coming onto the court. “The video shows our team didn’t leave the bench,” Camden Eastside athletic director Mark Phillips said. “Everything else, we’ll see how it turns out.” Avent, who called the incident “unfortunate,” said the same thing. “None of my kids left the bench,” he said. “We should be fine. I don’t know what happened with their team. I just wanted to get my guys to the locker room.” With the New Jersey state tournament set to begin Monday, there’s a possibility serious penalties could result from the incident — including a ban from the tournament. Camden, who has star player D.J. Wagner, who ESPN ranks as the top prospect in the Class of 2023,  is the defending Group 2 state champion; Camden Eastside in Group 3. According to NJSIAA regulations, teams already seeded into the tournament can still get disqualified. “Any varsity team accumulating three (3) or more player or coach disqualifications prior to the start of the tournament will not be permitted to participate in the state tournament. Seeded teams will forfeit their right to compete if a disqualification limit is reached prior to the start of the tournament for the team.” Jeff Cohen, assignor for IAABO 34, told NJ Advance Media that a report will be filed and sent to the NJSIAA as soon as possible. He was waiting for information from the three game officials assigned to the final. “This has nothing to do with me or the refs. We send a report to the NJSIAA and it’s in their hands,” Cohen said. Avent said he was not aware of any tension between the teams heading into the game. “Both teams are competitive, kids are competitive,” Avent said. “They were competing and it’s just an unfortunate incident.” This was the first year for the county tournament. “I don’t know what to say. I’m just glad that everyone is safe. It was a really good start to a basketball game,” Michael Beirao, athletic director for the Cherry Hill school district, told NJ Advance Media. “Emotions get high and it was an emotional response to an incredibly big rivalry, a good game. There were two wonderful teams, two great coaching staffs, lots of great players out there. It’s unfortunate.”