A new type of pornstar is coming — in more ways than one. Amid fears Chat GPT will put white-collar workers out of their jobs, epic advances in artificial intelligence technology could also render X-rated entertainers obsolete in the near future. AI-generated pornstars — computer creations that look, talk and exchange messages just like real people — are the new frontier in the adult industry and they’re coming to (and on) a screen near you. On the group messaging platform Discord, a community named Unstable Diffusion was set up last year with the aim of “training AI to get better at producing porn,” according to the Independent. The publication reports that there is now concern that porn viewers will soon prefer the raunchy robots more than actual real-life performers, given that they can be programmed to be “perfect”, with “small waists” and “big breasts.” But a number of kinky content creators claim that the kerfuffle over AI porn is overblown — and they aren’t worried about the end of their careers. “Anyone who thinks AI-generated images of hot naked women is going to ruin the OnlyFans economy for real-life women has a fundamental misunderstanding of what OnlyFans is,” OnlyFans star Laura Lux declared on Twitter late last month. Lux says her subscribers prefer a personal connection that AI-generated “stars” will be unable to provide. Many consumers also prefer imperfect content  — as evidenced by the rise of amateur videos and a move away from hyper-produced flicks. “People do not subscribe to my OnlyFans because they want to see a random naked woman,” she continued. “They subscribe to my OnlyFans because they want to see ME naked specifically based on a parasocial connection formed by following me on other social media platforms.” “‘T- -ties belonging to a realistic AI-generated character’ will never be as interesting as ‘t- -ties belonging to a girl I subscribe to on YouTube’ no matter how ‘perfect’ or conventionally attractive the AI image is,” Lux continued. Fellow content creator Alex Sim-Wise similarly believes the anxiety about AI-powered pornstars won’t be long-lasting. She says many porn stars already use elements of AI to make themselves look different in their photos and videos. “There’s a whole subsection of creators who alter their identity,” she told the Independent. “I think OnlyFans creators have already been using [this kind of technology] without really knowing it sometimes, with all the apps that we use to edit our content. They are AI, essentially, and are becoming more AI.” The raunchy redhead also says one-handed consumers won’t only want to get off over computerized creations. “People will masturbate over anyone,” the British beauty told the publication. “They’ll masturbate over a weather person, or they’ll masturbate over their favorite butcher, someone that they see every day. You can’t police people’s wank-bank material.” Sexologist Ness Cooper concurs, saying artificial intelligence simply can’t replicate the complexities and nuances of human sexuality. “I strongly doubt there ever will be the one porn that rules them all, as that’s not how our brains work when it comes to sexual fantasies and erotic images,” she told the Independent. “Simply put, we are all different and enjoy different things.”