If it’s free, it’s for me. An expert dumpster diver proved that another’s trash is someone else treasure with her latest garbage hunt video viewed over 800,000 times. Ella Rose, also known as @glamourddive on TikTok, rummaged through mall dumpsters and discovered “thousands” of sealed and unopened makeup products in two boxes. “It is from the AOA Studio store of makeup, oh, my gosh, it gets even crazier,” said the content creator. The video shows different types of makeup products from foundation, concealers, setting sprays and primer. “I’m just shocked that they threw all of this away,” she added. The makeup haul features the Drop Liquid Foundation ($1.88), Pressed Powder Foundation ($1) and Perfect Filter Face Primer ($1). The AOA makeup brand is known for its low-price items that range from $1 to $2, and the boxes Rose went through were allegedly “leftover from summer.” Since she found “thousands” of items, that means her score from the trash was likely well over $1,000. Since she found the old beauty products on January 23, she guessed that could be the answer to why the mall was willing to throw them out. Although this glamour dive did not include the high-end cosmetic brands Rose usually comes across like Estée Lauder, MAC or Dior, she still appreciates the goods. She also found a third box filled with “really cute hair accessories.” The accessories box had clips, hair ties, socks and even wedding garters all in good condition. While she did not disclose if the makeup goodies were expired, she shared plans to donate the contents of the bins. “I’m going to try and find a women’s shelter to drop this off,” she said. Many viewers were astonished by the treasures she found in the trash, with nearly 300 comments asking if she could ship the boxes to them. “Can you donate some of those stuff to me?,” asked one person. “I’m dreaming for those things,” commented a makeup enthusiast. “Wow can I have the headband for my baby?” pleaded a mother. Rose is not afraid to get down and dirty for a good cause. She uses her dumpster diving skills to collect items she either donates or keeps for herself. Recently she rummaged through Bed Bath & Beyond, TJ Maxx and Big Lots dumpsters to find an insane amount of high-quality brands such as Tommy Bahama, Juicy Couture, Rae Dunn and even Tempur-Pedic. This Tiktoker has no plans on stopping her dumpster dives to miss out on good quality freebies anytime soon.