It’s that time of the week again. A few more hours, and the weekend is all yours. You’re basically home-free as long as you don’t step on any toes Friday afternoon. In New York, it’s a beautiful, balmy 56 degrees. In a few hour’s time, you can take a walk in the park, sit around and not move a muscle for 48 hours, frantically get those last-minute Valentine’s Day Gifts you’ve been procrastinating on, or start prepping snacks for the big game, etc. etc. etc. But before the bossman cuts you loose, we strongly recommend adding just one more item to your agenda: checking out today’s Wayfair’s Flash Deal Fridays sale. We covered this sale last week, and the week before, and the week before, and as long as the deals keep coming, we’ll keep trying to make them headline news. Like in weeks prior, these deals run for one day only — today. Act fast because everything in this article (in addition to hundreds of other sale items) is set to bounce back up to the list price as the clock strikes midnight. This week, nab deals on chairs, carpets, tables, lamps, and a new rollout of outdoor furniture, like umbrellas, swings, and more. Below, we’ve rounded up our ten favorite deals from this week’s Flash Deal Friday. Sit back, scroll on, click through, and save. TGIF. Save a sweet $4 on this Kelesia Throw Pillow from Laurel Foundry Modern Farmhouse, and make your couch even more comfortable. You’ll love it, and this weekend when your friends come over for your Super Bowl party, they’ll love it too. Upgrade your WFH setup with this Rochelle Velvet Task Chair from Kelly Clarkson Home, priced down 42% this Flash Deal Friday. If Kelly Clarkson can curate furniture half as well as she can sing, you’re in good hands. Have you started thinking ahead to summer yet? We know we have. Upgrade your patio early this season with this Jeanine 120″ Lighted Market Umbrella, priced down $40 this Flash Deal Friday. Add a spot of color to your dining room, patio, or living room with this Leather Cream and Blue Indoor/Outdoor Rug from Andover Mills. It’s playful, floral, and priced down 24% for a (very) limited time. You’re currently looking at the chair you won’t move an inch from all summer. Lounge, read, and relax in this Abdool 2-Person Porch Swing from Wade Logan, priced down almost $70 this Flash Deal Friday. Save over $100 on this Arousa Space-Saving Dining Table, capable of seating up to six people. Dinner party, anyone? This handsome Dimming Wall Lamp from Longshore Tides is a handsome 46% off from Wayfair today only. Designed to light up damp locations (like your bathroom), this sconce is a perfect, warm option for any space. Some deals are bigger than others, and this might be the biggest on our list. Save 61% on this low-key, dark Wood Nightstand from Loon Peak, available for just $85 until midnight tonight. Simple, stylish, and 49% off. Need we say more? This Upholstered Armchair from Latitude Run is a steal at the list price and something nearer to a bank heist at just $156. Bundle on 30-inch Stools and save with this set of three low back stools from Williston Forge, marked down 31% this Flash Deal Friday. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.  