A woman decided to forgive her high school bully who teased her daily — by saying “I do.” Lauren Enslow, 20, married Lucas Olsen, 21, despite the fact he bullied her at school when she was 15. The pair first met in October 2016 at a friend’s party and started Snapchating each other. Enslow ended up shutting Olsen down because she didn’t want a boyfriend at the time, but they started back up again the following summer. In September 2017, Enslow, from Saratoga Springs, Utah, started high school and realized that she and Olsen were in the same friend group, which she described as “awkward.” Olsen and his friends would tease Enslow by calling her “Linda,” insisting she looked like the “Bob’s Burgers” character, and would even film her in the school hallways and post it to Snapchat. “At this point I hated him. I wanted nothing to do with him,” Enslow admitted. But all that changed when Olsen witnessed Enslow in a car accident with her mother Jessica Enslow, 48, and sister Alyssa Kimber, 28, in November 2017. Their car rear-ended another vehicle, and Olsen saw the whole thing go down. “We were in a parking lot and saw him. My sister thought it was funny to roll down the window and call out his name,” Enslow remembered. “Seconds later we were in a car crash. No one was seriously injured [but] the cars were messed up.” Olsen reached out to express his concern after Enslow posted a picture of the damaged car to Snapchat. “It showed he cared. It helped me like him again,” she said. The two quickly became friends and later developed feelings for each other. Olsen’s friend convinced them to go on a double date, and the pair ended up having a lot of fun. They started dating in February 2018 and Olsen proposed on top of a mountain in July 2022. “He took me a top of a mountain to see . . . some fireworks. Then he got down on one knee and pulled out a ring,” Enslow recalled. “I had been a bit suspicious but still very shocked when it actually happened.” Enslow and Olsen married in October 2022 — on the same date they had met six years earlier — with just their immediate family attending the ceremony. “It’s funny that I can call him my high school bully and high school sweetheart,” Enslow said. The content creator admitted that she has forgiven Olsen for bullying her, but she still teases him about it sometimes. “I hated him then,” Enslow shared. “But I got a soft spot for him when he reached out after my accident.” “People say they would never have forgiven him, but I can’t base his personality off who he was for three months when he was 16,” she added. Olsen admitted that looking back, he finds the whole thing “silly.” “When you are that young you think things like that are funny. And of course me and my friends thought it was funny,” he said. He said that he never actually thought she looked like the “Bob’s Burgers” character, and that joke “ended up going a little too far.” “I teased her because in the moment I think it was a mix of because I liked her and because my friends were doing it as well. Peer pressure in a way,” Olsen said. Olsen said there were “always feelings” for Enslow, and he “loves that it finally happened.” “People say they could never marry their high school bully,” Enslow said. “But for me it was mostly teasing, and I got past it.” “Marrying your high school sweetheart is the most beautiful thing I could ever dream for,” Olsen added. “Lauren is awesome and I couldn’t ask for a better person to experience the rest of my life with. I want a family with Lauren, I’m excited to build a house and watch the rest of our dreams come true.”