Only one of the four New Jersey girls involved in the beating of 14-year-old Adriana Kuch — who took her own life two days later — was initially suspended from school, her anguished brother has claimed. “They dragged their feet. They only punished one of the girls on day one,” Jacob Kuch said of school administrators at Central Regional High School in Bayville. “Only one girl was suspended. The other three girls just got to go back to class.” Kuch, who made the comments Friday night on NewsNation, said Adriana continued to be bullied after she returned home from school on Feb. 1 and that the parents of the bullies did not take action. “The initial girl who got suspended, her phone was not taken away. It’s devastating how they were allowed to continue on,” he said. The group of girls was seen on video attacking Adriana in their high school hallway as she walked with her boyfriend. They kicked and punched the teen and dragged her down the hallway. They also pulled her hair and hit her with a 20-ounce water bottle as onlookers laughed. The four girls were eventually suspended and upgraded charges were filed against them Friday. Kuch also called for Schools Superintendent Triantafillos Parlapanides to resign for comments he made about the family. Read more of the The Post’s coverage of Adriana Kuch Parlapanides tried to shift blame for Adriana’s death to her family and claimed her father’s “affair” contributed to her turmoil. Adriana took her own life inside a closet in her Berkeley Township home hours after she received a message mocking her for getting her “a— whooped,” her father has said. Jennifer Ferro, Adriana’s sister-in-law, told NewsNation that the girl talked about wanting to be a tattoo artist in the future. “She was so amazing. She was just so amazing. That’s all I can say,” she said. If you are struggling with suicidal thoughts or are experiencing a mental health crisis and live in New York City, you can call 1-888-NYC-WELL for free and confidential crisis counseling. If you live outside the five boroughs, you can dial the 24/7 National Suicide Prevention hotline at 988 or go to SuicidePreventionLifeline.org. 