Ohio native Dave Grohl really appreciates Canada. In a Super Bowl commercial for Crown Royal, the Foo Fighters frontman paid homage to the Great North for bringing the world musical greats Rush and Joni Mitchell, comedy stars   like Martin Short and for introducing the world to the paint roller and poutine. However, at the time of publication, the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame group does not have any shows lined up above the Northern border this year. As of now, Foo Fighters are sticking to the U.S. and headlining five (!) festivals from May through September.  That even includes a stop at Atlantic City’s beach-based Sea.Hear.Now Festival on Sept. 16-17. Over the course of the five star-studded festivals, Grohl and co. will share the stage with legends like KISS, Green Day, Pixies, Kendrick Lamar, Sheryl Crow and so many more. Want to know more about when, where and who the Foo Fighters are performing with this year? Keep reading. We’ll fill you in on everything you need to know and more.  A complete calendar including each and every festival Foo Fighters is set to headline at can be found below.  May 25 through May 28 at the Historic Crew Stadium in Columbus, OHTool, Avenged Sevenfold, KISS, Godsmack, Rob Zombie, Queens of the Stone Age  May 26-28 at the Harvard Athletic Complex in Boston, MAThe Lumineers, Paramore, Alanis Morissette, Yeah Yeah Yeahs, The National, Bleachers  June 15-18 at Bonnaroo Manchester Farm in Manchester, TNKendrick Lamar, Odesza, Sheryl Crow, Paramore, My Morning Jacket, Pixies, Korn  July 14-15 at Veterans Park in Milwaukee, WIGreen Day, Cody Jinks, Social Distortion, Joan Jett & the Blackhearts, Phantogram  Sept. 16-17 at North Beach in Asbury Park, NJThe Killers, Weezer, The Beach Boys, Sheryl Crow, Greta Van Fleet, Nathaniel Rateliff   Based on records on Set List FM, Foo Fighters refuses to phone it in when they headline. At each and every festival the group played in 2022, they performed at least 19 songs. In addition to the sing-along hits you know and love like “Everlong,” “Best Of You,” “The Pretender,” “Learn To Fly” and “My Hero,” the band also mixes in covers from groups like Tom Petty, Queen and Jane’s Addiction. What will they take to the stage this year? We can’t say for certain but we do know is the best way to find out is live.  Although they’ve been active since 1994, Foo Fighters isn’t done experimenting. In fact, their most recent record, “Dream Widow” under the fictional band Dream Widow, is a total departure from the band’s hard rock sound. Over the course of eight tracks, the group goes full metal. Billboard raved that “Dream Widow” sounded like it was “dragged from the belly of the beasts that are Metallica and Motorhead.” The heavy songs, which can be heard in the group’s 2022 horror-comedy film “Studio 666″ can be heard here.  While Grohl and his bandmates aren’t known for their acting chops, the group went outside their comfort zone once again in 2022 and starred in “Studio 666” alongside comedy ringers Will Forte, Jeff Garlin, Whitney Cummings and Jenna Ortega. For context, the Foo aren’t playing “Dream Widow” — that heavy metal band mentioned above are featured in the film’s prologue where we see the gruesome events that set the story in motion. To kick things off, Dream Widow’s frontman offs his bandmates in 1993 at a cursed mansion. 26 years later, Grohl, drummer Taylor Hawkins, keyboardist/pianist Rami Jaffee, bassist Nate Mendel and guitarists Chris Shiflett and Pat Smear settle into that very same mansion to record their next album. Unfortunately, Grohl becomes possessed and hijinks ensue. If you’d like to check out the film, “Studio 666” can be streamed on Amazon Prime for $3.99.  Foo Fighters’ drummer Taylor Hawkins tragically passed away on March 25, 2022. The group quickly scrapped their 2022 tour after the shocking news. However, now that the group is back on the road, fans are wondering who could possibly replace Hawkins. Pennsylvania classic rock station 94.3 WQCM speculated that potential candidates include Josh Freese (who’s played with Guns N Roses) and Rufus Taylor (son of Queen’s Roger Taylor). They also suggested Hawkins’ 12-year-old son Shane who played a tribute concert with Foo Fighters would make a good fit. You can see Shane Hawkins’ performance with the band below.  While Foo Fighters only have five gigs lined up this year, many of the biggest rockers around are traveling all over North America these next few months. Here are just five of our favorites you won’t want to miss. • Metallica • Red Hot Chili Peppers • Bruce Springsteen and the E Street Band • Blink 182 • Muse Want to see who else is on the road? Check out our list of the 52 biggest groups on tour in 2023 here.