New BetMGM Sportsbook bettors can jump on BetMGM bonus code NPBONUS to get up to $1,000 in bonus bets if their initial wager loses. BetMGM’s new customer offer lets you make your first bet up to $1,000, and if it loses, you get that same amount back in bet credits, also known as bonus bets. Follow the button below for more information about BetMGM’s offer so you can have it ready for Wednesday night’s NBA games. This offer can be applied to any sport on BetMGM. Bonus code NPBONUS allows new BetMGM customers to get up to $1,000 in bonus bets. If you were to place a $100 losing bet after signing up – you still get back $100 in bet credits (bonus bets) with the bonus code. This works for any amount up to $1,000. The new customer offer from BetMGM is a fantastic way to get started in sports betting and tonight’s NBA schedule provides many betting opportunities. It’s a great night to be an NBA fan since there are 10 games on tap tonight, stretching from Atlanta to Los Angeles. The Charlotte Hornets host the San Antonio Spurs in a game that could prove large in the “race” for future No. 1 overall pick Victor Wembanyama. The Chicago Bulls are also at the Indiana Pacers. Arguably the best game of the night is in Philly where the 76ers host the Cleveland Cavaliers at 7:30 p.m. ET. This game should have a playoff atmosphere since both teams are fighting for position in the Eastern Conference standings. Other games at the same time are Knicks at Hawks, Heat at Nets, and the Boston Celtics hosting the Detroit Pistons. We’ve got four matchups out west, starting with the Oklahoma City Thunder hosting the Houston Rockets and the Grizzlies playing the Utah Jazz in Memphis. Denver fans will get a treat when Luka Doncic, Kyrie Irving and the Dallas Mavericks play Nikola Jokic and the Nuggets at high altitude. Wednesday’s action wraps up when the Los Angeles Lakers host the New Orleans Pelicans. There are lots of fun matchups to choose from and BetMGM bonus code NPBONUS lets you bet with no stress. New and existing players. Must be 21+. AZ, CO, DC, IA, IL, IN, KS, LA, MD, MI, NJ, TN, VA, PA, WV, WY only. Full T&C apply.. One of the easiest ways to get yourself a load of bet credits is through BetMGM’s very generous “refer a friend” scheme. BetMGM allows bettors to refer up to 20 friends, with both getting a $50 bonus. Your friend will need to make their first deposit and place their $50 bonus on any sport at odds of -200 or greater in order for you to claim your bonus. For Ohio: 21+ and present in OH. Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER.