Dishwashers may be one of the most-used major appliances in our homes — alongside our microwave and washer-dryer combo — but are often one of the most confusing to distinguish, thanks to the dozens on the market offering many similar features. What’s the best dishwasher to buy? What dishwasher brand is the most reliable? Since dishwashers aren’t one-size-fits-all, it’s essential to do your homework. (Or, in this case, essential that we do your homework.) We turned to two appliance experts at Best Buy and Lowe’s to put together an all-in-one guide highlighting what to look for when buying your next dishwasher online and what the 10 best models are. “Before purchasing a new dishwasher, you should keep in mind a few factors, including cleaning power and performance, noise level, water and energy saving capabilities, control panel options, finishes (such as stainless steel), and, last but not least — price points that work within your budget,” Gary McCoy, store manager at Central Charlotte Lowe’s, told the New York Post. “You always want to get as quiet a dishwasher as possible,” Nikki Jones, home expert at Best Buy, told The Post. “Having a stainless-steel interior is also great; it will help eliminate any odors or rusting that could happen on the inside of the dishwasher. Certain dishwashers also offer steam-cleaning options that pre-scrub and melt away food from the dishes.” Ahead, our team of dishwasher experts answered all of your frequently asked questions in our FAQ section below (following their recommended models) — including the ins and outs of dishwasher racks, cleaning speed settings and innovative properties, among other nuggets of dishwashing wisdom. (Related: How to clean your dishwasher) With the below list, rest assured that your favorite dinnerware sets, flatware, and wine glasses will be sparkly clean in no time. Prices may differ based on geographic location. This Bosch dishwasher delivers a sparkling clean and dry. “With PrecisionWash, intelligent sensors continually scan and check the progress of dishes throughout the cycle,” McCoy notes. “The AutoAir option automatically releases the door at the end of the cycle to let moisture escape and fresh air in for drier dishes.” Load more, run less in this dishwasher with a third rack. “Load hard-to-fit utensils or measuring spoons in the third rack to free up more space for dishes below,” McCoy highlights. “Plus, you can move or separate the flexible three-piece silverware basket to make extra space.” Its built-in Sensor Cycle automatically sets the right wash and dry settings for each load with two sensors that measure temperature and soil level during the wash cycle, per Jones. “Delay start features let you start the cycle up to 24 hours later to ensure your dishes are clean when you need them,” she adds. “This Samsung dishwasher with Linear Wash technology has a one-of-its-kind sliding spray bar that moves in linear motion to provide corner-to-corner coverage for complete cleaning,” McCoy notes. Plus, you can remotely monitor and control the dishwasher from your smartphone with Wifi connectivity. Skip the soaking and scrubbing with Dual Power Filtration, a dishwasher filtration system that disposes of any food in its path. “Maytag dishwashers with heated dry reduce excess moisture, so dishes come out dry, while a full stainless-steel tub is tough enough to handle high heat for years,” McCoy explains. LG’s QuadWash’s four powerful spray arms clean from multiple angles to get dishes clean the first time — without extra rinsing or scrubbing. At the same time, its patented dynamic dry [technology] provides the ultimate drying performance for the finishing touch of shine,” McCoy says. What’s more, this model comes in other finishes, including stainless steel. Along with its four spray arms, QuadWash uses “Multi-Motion arms that rotate back and forth while spinning to power-clean dishes from multiple angles throughout the entire cycle,” Jones points out. “This Frigidaire dishwasher offers better water coverage with a BladeSpray arm, so you get thorough cleaning from corner to corner,” McCoy highlights. “And, with the fan-assisted patented EvenDry [technology], airflow is evenly circulated, and moisture is removed for clean, spot-free dishes every time.” Not to mention, it’s one of the most spacious options for all of your dinnerware on this list. “This dishwasher provides effortless dish cleaning,” Jones notes. “It has five wash cycles to handle slightly dirty dishes or even crusty pots and pans, and its ample interior space holds up to 14 place settings.” This KitchenAid Dishwasher provides quiet cleaning without compromising performance, so there’s no need to wait to run a wash cycle. “A third level utensil rack holds silverware, serving utensils and spatulas, and an adjustable middle rack adds flexibility to fit tall items,” McCoy adds. The adjustable middle rack adds flexibility to fit tall items, too, such as a stand mixer bowl. “Lower the rack to place large dishes inside, or raise it to make room for platters, pitchers and more in the rack below,” Jones also adds. The advanced clean-water wash system circulates clean water to dishes in all three racks, too. From legendary quiet performances to a promise of sparkling clean dishes, Bosch dishwashers deliver a lasting quality you’ve come to trust and expect. “A state-of-the-art wash system and flexible loading options make cleanup easy, too,” McCoy notes. Operating at only 48dB, Bosch Dishwasher quietly and effectively cleans your dishes and utensils, too. “The three-level adjustable-height shelves accommodate different sizes of pots and glassware, and the third rack offers added stacking space,” Jones adds. This Frigidaire dishwasher is ADA Compliant and features a dual spray arm system that delivers a thorough clean every time. “Remove 99.9% of common household bacteria with the sanitize cycle, while the space saving design allows you to clean up to 8 place settings in one cycle,” McCoy says. This GE freestanding dishwasher features wheels so you can easily move it around as needed. “The Piranha Hard Food Disposer uses a stainless-steel blade rotating at 3,600 RPM to pulverize food particles and help prevent large particles from clogging the wash arms,” McCoy explains. Ahead, we turned to the pros at Best Buy and Lowe’s to give us the 411 on all things dishwashers — shopping for one, what to look for and more. Some dishwashers come with removable racks and adjustable shelves, which makes it easier to accommodate oversized dishes, pots, and pans. “Some also have third-rack options for flat, oversized utensils, or fold-down tines that will let you configure the rack for each load,” McCoy adds. “Many dishwashers also come with stemware holders to secure wine glasses.” Additionally, standard dishwashers come with a two-rack system. “As you increase quality, racks often have a thicker coating and better gliding mechanisms for smoother movement,” Jones notes. “Some dishwashers even have a smaller third rack as well that offers more space for utensils and frees up the second rack for more dishes.” Typically, dryers will have heat or condensation drying capabilities. “Heat drying disperses hot air or steam directly onto dishes, while condensation drying rinses dishes in hot water, allowing condensation to form,” McCoy explains. “Those who want to improve drying times can look for features like heated drying, fans and stainless-steel surfaces that allow water to condense and drain away.” Uniquely, heated dry uses an actual separate heating element that will heat the dishwasher to high temperatures, so you get clean and dry dishes at the end of the cycle, according to Jones. “Dishwasher cleaning properties might differ in control and cycle options, sensors, flexibility of racks and temperature control,” McCoy explains. “When shopping around, be sure to check that your potential dishwasher comes with the control and cycle settings that you need.” On that note, some dishwashers will have “arms” that rotate back and forth to ensure maximum cleaning throughout the cycle, per Jones. “Other dishwashers will use a wall process where the water is sprayed across the full dishwasher interior instead of using the spinning arms motion,” she adds. In short, this is the golden question. If finding the quietest dishwasher available is a concern for you, be sure to check the decibel level before purchasing. “Decibels are the rating system used to measure the level of noise during the dishwasher cycle,” Jones explains. “The lower the decibels, the quieter the unit. If you’re looking for a quieter dishwasher, I’d recommend anything under 50 dBA as a great starting point.” Dishwasher cycles allow for a customized wash on various types of dishes, from heavy objects like pots and pans to fragile fine china and stemware. “When it comes to features to look out for, Delayed Wash allows you to set the start time from one to 24 hours ahead, depending on your model,” McCoy says. “Rinse and Hold is used to rinse away food on a partial load of dishes to eliminate bacteria and smell without using detergent.” Additionally, Quick Wash can clean a load of lightly soiled dishes in less time than a regular cycle, while Sanitize is able to kill 99.9% of bacteria, which is great for cutting boards and baby bottles. “If you need the cycle done more quickly, most dishwashers will have a speed wash cycle that will take about an hour to wash your dishes,” Jones adds. Impressively, dishwashers with a hard food disposer work to disintegrate food and rid your dishwasher of waste, meaning you don’t have to spend time emptying them out. “A filtration system, in contrast, traps food in a filter at the bottom of your dishwasher, which needs to be cleaned roughly once a month,” McCoy explains. Make sure to fully complete the dishwashing cycle, too, so the dishes can clean properly. “Opening the dishwasher early may prevent a full cycle, potentially leaving leftover food particles on your dishes,” Jones warns. An Energy Star-certified dishwasher uses less water and less energy than other models and can save you about 3,800 gallons of water over its lifetime. “If choosing an environmentally friendly dishwasher to protect freshwater resources is important to you, look for an Energy Star certification when purchasing,” McCoy suggests. You can find dishwashers in a variety of colors and finishes. “We’ve seen that popular finishes can include stainless steel, black stainless steel, slate and white,” McCoy notes. Beyond color and finish, you will also want to think about the visibility of your control panel. “If you want a clean look, top-control dishwashers have the control panel mounted on the top edge of the door, which means the controls are hidden when the door is closed,” he adds. “You can also choose a semi-hidden control panel or a fully visible panel.” Dishwashers with WiFi connectivity, or “smart dishwashers,” are a great option for those who love smart home tech and/or appliances. “A smart dishwasher will allow you to start wash cycles and monitor performance from your phone, unlock or lock your dishwasher remotely, receive alerts when detergent is low or if sensors detect a malfunction, and much more,” McCoy lists. Jones told The Post that connectivity also lets you access diagnostic programs right from the app, so you can locate any potential problems right from your phone. Ahead, McCoy and Jones list a step-by-step guide to using your dishwasher properly and effectively: Knowing this is key before using your dishwasher. While most dinnerware will have fine print on the back or bottom saying ‘dishwasher-safe,’ McCoy says you should never place cast iron pans, sharp knives, wood, thin plastic or antique china in your dishwasher. “They will most likely end up ruined from one or more washes,” he notes. You’ll want to start by pulling out the dishwasher racks and placing them in your sink or on the counter. “Using a paper towel or rag, collect any bits of food lingering in the bottom of the dishwasher, locate the dishwasher’s filter in the bottom and remove it,” McCoy recommends. “Place the filter in a small container of hot water and dish soap and let it soak for at least 30 minutes.” In the meantime, use a scrub brush to scrub the inside of the dishwasher. “Focus on the bottom, the inside of the door, and the inner walls of the dishwasher,” McCoy begins. “Next, you’ll want to scrub down the racks and filter in the sink with hot water and dish soap. Rinse the filter clean, lock it in place and put the racks back in the dishwasher.” Yes. According to McCoy, you should run an empty dishwasher every three to six months to clean out food particles and keep your dishwasher smelling fresh. To avoid your own version of Jenga — here’s the scoop: You should be looking to load items so that the soiled areas face the spray arms as much as possible, ensuring good contact with the water jets. “Avoid overlapping dishes as space between them will aid water circulation,” McCoy explains. “Load silverware so that the individual pieces don’t stack together.” Conveniently, spoons and forks can point up or down for a better fit, but keep knives pointed downward. McCoy says KitchenAid, Frigidaire, GE, LG, Maytag, Bosch, Samsung and Whirlpool are the crème de la crème (all of which are expert-chosen in this guide). 