We’re as excited as the time we got our “first real six string.” That’s because “Summer of ’69” rocker Bryan Adams is touring with “Bad Reputation” group Joan Jett and The Blackhearts all summer long as part of their upcoming 26-concert “So Happy It Hurts Tour” that will take the pair all over North America from June through August. Now, that’s a lineup so nice it’ll make you exclaim “I Love Rock and Roll.”: The summer tour, which is set to stop by New York City’s Madison Square Garden on June 9 and Buffalo’s KeyBank Center on June 13, will serve as a proper introduction to fans of Adams’ Grammy-nominated 2022 album “So Happy It Hurts” that shares a name with the tour. As for new material from Adams’ co-headliners, Jett and The Blackhearts haven’t released an album made up of original songs since 2013’s “Unvarnished.” However, it should be noted that the 2015 Rock and Roll Hall of Fame inductees did put an acoustic spin on 25 of their biggest hits in last year’s “Changeup.” And if you can’t wait to get your hands on tickets, we have good news. Although inventory isn’t available on Ticketmaster until Friday, Feb. 3 fans who want to ensure they have tickets ahead of time can purchase on sites like Vivid Seats before seats are officially on sale. Vivid Seats is a secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand. They have a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and will be delivered before the event.  Starting June 6, the ’80s-tastic tour will officially launch at Baltimore’s CFG Bank Arena. The following night, June 7, the pair will play Philadelphia’s Wells Fargo Center. Along the way, Adams and Jett will, ahem, jet to locales all over the U.S. like Boston (June 10), Cleveland (June 15), Nashville (June 17), Denver (July 6) and Los Angeles (July 29). Finally, on Aug. 3, the run will come to a close at Seattle’s Climate Pledge Arena. A complete calendar including all tour dates, venues, show start times and links to buy tickets can be found here.  Prior to the summer arena tour, Adams will fulfill his Las Vegas residency duties and perform at the Wynn’s Encore Theater on Feb. 3, Feb. 4 and Feb .5. His final Sin City gig falls on the night of the Grammys but don’t fret — Adams isn’t going to the Awards Show. “Work is work. I mean, I’ve got 40 people in my tour, so I want to make sure I keep them in hot food and shoes, you know?” he said earlier this week.  Jett and The Blackhearts will also headline a handful of shows before teaming up with Adams. Currently, she’s set to play Jacksonville’s Florida Theatre on March 3. After that, you can find the “Crimson and Clover” group in Coconut Creek, FL (March 9), Pala, CA (April 14), Highland, CA (April 21), Oroville, CA (April 22) and Helotes, TX (April 28).  It doesn’t matter when you grew up — ’80s music is timeless. Thankfully, many of the biggest stars from the big hair decade understand just how much fans love their tunes and are touring all over North America this year. Here are just five of our favorite acts from the “Where’s the Beef” era that you won’t want to miss live when they come to a city near you in the next few months. • Madonna • Billy Idol • Motley Crue with Def Leppard • Bret Michaels with Night Ranger and Jefferson Starship • REO Speedwagon Do you only “Love Rock and Roll?” If that’s the case, be sure to check out our list of the 52 biggest concert tours in 2023 here.