She’s not lovin’ a lawsuit. Sarah Michelle Gellar claims McDonald’s sued her when she was just 5 years old over a Burger King commercial that featured the young starlet. Recalling her career milestones with Buzzfeed UK, Gellar, 45, said she starred in a 1981 Burger King advertisement that compared the two fast food chains, prompting McDonald’s to take legal action. “This is really funny. This was this big campaign that I did for Burger King and I was 5,” she said. “And I was the first person to say another competitor’s name in a job, and so McDonald’s turned around and sued the advertising agency, Burger King and me at 5.” The Post reached out to McDonald’s for comment. Despite the lawsuit, she recalled being thrilled with the opportunity to eat a burger because she “didn’t eat a lot of fast food at the time.” “I was so excited because my mom said that I could have the burger,” she added. Describing the ordeal in a 2004 interview, she claimed she couldn’t eat at McDonald’s during the ongoing suit. “It was tough because, when you’re a little kid, McDonald’s is where all your friends have their birthday parties, so I missed out on a lot of apple pies,” Gellar said at the time. The iconic “Buffy the Vampire Slayer” actress has been revisiting her past roles as of late: In December, she called one of her sets “extremely toxic.” “For so long, I was on a set that I think was known for being an extremely toxic male set,” she said at the Wrap’s Power Women Summit. “And so that was ingrained in my head that that was what all sets were like, and that women were pitted against each other — that if women became friends, then we became too powerful, so you had to keep that down.” She didn’t name Joss Whedon, the creator of “Buffy,” but the so-called feminist, who had been touted for his strong, female leads, has racked up a number of allegations for being “toxic.” As the decades drag on since the show was at its height, more secrets about the hit series have been revealed. For one, Gellar confirmed that Dolly Parton was an uncredited producer on the teen television show, a rumor that had never been confirmed until recently. “Little-known fact: The legend, Dolly Parton, was a producer,” Gellar told Jimmy Fallon on “The Tonight Show.” Gellar has also been at the center of her own controversy, often being thought of as “difficult” on set. However, she says she’s “earned the right” to stand her ground, adding she “won’t make any more excuses for that.” “If people think you’re a bitch, it’s almost better,” Gellar previously told the Hollywood Reporter. “There’s less expectation that way.”