Where do girls who have had their breasts removed in pursuit of becoming a man go when they have changed their mind about the endeavor? And what do those who performed the surgery tell them? These are questions whistleblower Jamie Reed attempts to answer in a Free Press piece. Married to a trans man, Reed describes herself as “a 42-year-old St. Louis native, a queer woman, and politically to the left of Bernie Sanders.” Those details are important. Until November, Reed was a case manager at the Washington University Transgender Center at St. Louis Children’s Hospital. Reed’s allegations are deeply disturbing and horrifying. She charts the astronomical rise in proclaimed transgenderism among youth in general and teenage girls in particular. When she started at the center, she received about 10 calls a month from families with kids declaring themselves transgender. “When I left there were 50, and about 70% of the new patients were girls. Sometimes clusters of girls arrived from the same high school.” The contagion she describes is terrifying: “The girls who came to us had many comorbidities: depression, anxiety, ADHD, eating disorders, obesity. Many were diagnosed with autism, or had autism-like symptoms.” Much of what Reed reports is not exactly new. Abigail Shrier laid out what was happening in her seminal 2021 book “Irreversible Damage: The Transgender Craze Seducing Our Daughters.” Mary Harrington has written invaluable updates in The Post. What Reed represents is our collective “What now?” moment. Her details of the drugs’ effects are a horror movie. Testosterone causes the clitoris to enlarge, extend past the vulva and chafe painfully when rubbed against jeans. There were ripped vaginal canals. A boy was put on a cancer drug as a puberty blocker and ended up with liver toxicity. But it’s her descriptions of disinterested doctors and ideologically conformist medical staff that have to serve as America’s wakeup call. The same day Reed’s piece ran, The New York Times published a piece on a focus group of trans adults, “These 12 Transgender Americans Would Love You to Mind Your Own Business.” But that’s exactly what people were doing until gender ideology started being taught to ever-younger kids and the number of transgender kids exploded. A UCLA School of Law Williams Institute study last year showed that the number of teens and young adults who consider themselves trans has doubled in the past five years. When the Times asked its group when “ideas around gender identity should be discussed and taught in schools — elementary school, junior high school, high school?” every response urged as early as possible. And all but one of the 12 respondents approved of the use of puberty blockers, which come with serious side effects, for teenagers. We want to mind our own business and let adults do what they want to do, but that has to go hand in hand with leaving our children alone. Girls who exhibit classic tomboy behaviors are being told they’re actually boys. Teens who feel uncomfortable in their changing bodies — so nearly all teenagers — are told they may have been born the wrong gender. In my forthcoming book “Stolen Youth,” co-written with Bethany Mandel, we heard from so many families seeing this pushed on their kids. In one Girl Scout troop, eight of 18 girls “came out” following a health class. That just can’t be a coincidence. Parents who disapprove of any of this are labeled transphobes, and schools reserve the right to keep secret this type of important information, like that their child has decided to change genders. This is madness. And it has to stop. As for the teenager who severed her breasts but then changed her mind? She called the surgeon’s office and said, “I want my breasts back.” But there are no changes of heart allowed when teens are rushed into making such a monumental error. She was 18 at the time of the surgery, and while we know teenagers have underdeveloped prefrontal cortices that cause them to make bad decisions, this teen was allowed to do something permanent to her body before she could gamble in Las Vegas, smoke cigarettes or drink alcohol. She’ll never be able to breastfeed her child — and the surgeon that performed the operation gets to shrug and walk away. Karol Markowicz is co-author of the forthcoming “Stolen Youth.” Twitter: @Karol