Frustrated friends and relatives of a North Carolina tourist who was killed under suspicious circumstances on a Mexico holiday four months ago are taking matters into their own hands this weekend. A group of Shanquella Robinson’s loved ones and local activists plan to walk from Little Rock A.M.E. Zion Church in Charlotte Saturday to a local post office and mail 1,000 pink letters to authorities to demand justice in her death, the Sun reported. The march leader, Mario Black, said he hopes the barrage of pink letters “will ignite someone there to push a little harder,” he said. The demonstration comes four months after Robinson’s friends and family learned the 25-year-old clothing designer had died on Oct. 29 during a vacation the took to Mexico with six friends. The family now calls them the “Cabo Six.” No update on an arrest has emerged, and multiple US authorities have intervened in the investigation, including the FBI. Mexican officials said in November that Robinson’s death was being investigated as a homicide and that a warrant for one of the Cabo Six, still unnamed, had been issued. But they also said that extradition from the US to Mexico involves legal hurdles and could take time. “The significance of it is to put pressure on Mexico because they’re not owning up to their responsibility and executing the warrants of the ‘Cabo Six,'” Black said. Robinson’s death at the swanky Fundadores Beach Club in San José del Cabo in Cabo San Lucas was originally thought to be alcohol poisoning, but a death certificate revealed she had suffered a “severe spinal cord injury and atlas luxation,” an instability of neck vertebrae. A disturbing video later emerged of Robinson being savagely beaten at the luxury rental villa by one of the women in the group of friends who accompanied her to Mexico. Her companions gave conflicting reports about what happened, and a video that allegedly showed one of her friends violently beating Robinson as one person yells, “At least fight back,” went viral. A final autopsy indicated she died from “severe spinal cord injury and atlas luxation” — probably within 15 minutes of being beaten. The report said that Robinson likely died within 15 minutes of the blunt force trauma.