Patrick Mahomes and Travis Kelce let loose following their Super Bowl 2023 win on Sunday night. Shortly after the Chiefs defeated the Eagles in thrilling fashion at State Farm Stadium in Glendale, Ariz., Kansas City’s superstar duo made their way to an afterparty at the Hyatt Regency Scottsdale Resort and Spa, where they joined The Chainsmokers on stage. In footage of the festivities obtained by TMZ, Mahomes — who helped lead the Chiefs to a comeback 38-35 win — was seen celebrating onstage alongside Kelce, who faced his older brother, Eagles center Jason Kelce, in the big game. The 27-year-old Mahomes hoisted the Lombardi Trophy in front of the crowd during the Chiefs’ postgame festivities while Kelce, 33, took in the scene. Mahomes, the league’s newly crowned MVP, went 21-for-27 against the Eagles, throwing for 182 yards and three touchdowns. The quarterback completed a touchdown pass to Kelce during the Chiefs’ opening possession, with the tight end hauling in an 18-yard catch. Although things appeared to take a nightmarish turn for the Chiefs in the first half, when Mahomes limped off the field after re-aggravating an ankle injury he sustained in the Divisional Round of the postseason, Kansas City bounced back to claim their second Super Bowl title in four years. “Not one of y’all said the Chiefs were gonna take it home this year,” Kelce shouted during an animated postgame interview. “Not a single one.” Mahomes, who was also named Super Bowl MVP, credited the whole team for making this year’s championship a reality. “It didn’t come from one person,” Mahomes said. “Our defense played their ass off in that second half. And our offense found a way. Man, I just wanna thank everybody.” In addition to his postgame festivities with Kelce, Mahomes celebrated his second Super Bowl title with wife Brittany Matthews and their daughter, Sterling Skye, who turns 2 years old this month. The couple is also parents to son Patrick “Bronze” Lavon Mahomes III, who was born in November.