The rumor mill has been swirling around Patrick Kane since the summer. The longtime Chicago Blackhawk is expected to be traded before next Friday’s deadline, ending a tenure with the Blackhawks that will see him end up second on the club’s all-time scoring list. But it’s been a trying season for Kane. Not only is Chicago awful, but Kane’s numbers are way down, and there have been questions about his health for most of the year. Things took another turn a couple of weeks ago when the New York Rangers, the team that had been linked to Kane the most, traded for Vladimir Tarasenko and all but ended speculation that the future Hall of Famer would head to Manhattan for a playoff run. In the past week, however, Kane has started to look like his old self. On Sunday, No. 88 recorded a hat-trick against the Toronto Maple Leafs, and on Tuesday night, he recorded seven shots on goal in a 3-2 win over the Vegas Golden Knights. Kane and the Blackhawks travel to Dallas on Wednesday at 9:30 p.m. ET. and will be broadcasted live on TNT. 9:30 p.m. ET. TNT As bettors, it’s best to avoid too many trips down the narrative street. Making betting decisions based on storylines too often will cost you. These things tend to seep into the market and depress value, so you’re almost always paying a premium when betting on the story rather than against it. But there are some times when it makes sense to stroll down narrative lane. And Wednesday night’s tilt between the Blackhawks and Stars fits that bill. With the Rangers and Maple Leafs seemingly out of the picture to trade for Kane, the list has shortened to a few teams: Vegas, Edmonton and Dallas. With his no-trade clause, Kane has full control over his next move. The 34-year-old wants to play for a team that has a chance to make a deep run into the postseason and it’s been reported all year that those three teams were a possibility if he didn’t go to New York. Kane played one of those teams on Tuesday night and did everything but score. He gets another chance to show out on Wednesday — and this time the game is on national television. Not only does it seem like Kane is using the 10 days before the deadline to show teams that he’s got plenty left in the tank, but he also seems bitter about how the hockey media has talked about his health for much of this season. The spotlight will be on Kane on Wednesday night in Dallas. Bet on him to deliver. Patrick Kane anytime goal scorer +290 (PointsBet)