A power outage at JFK Airport forced a New Zealand flight to turn around eight hours into its journey to the Big Apple. International flights in JFK’s Terminal 1 were brought to a standstill Thursday when a fire caused a major power disruption. Travelers were required to travel to alternate terminals and airports or come to terms with having to travel on a different day. On one Air New Zealand flight, passengers were stuck aboard the aircraft for 16 hours after their plane was sent back to Auckland due to chaos at JFK, according to Flight Radar. While there’s been no official word on when Terminal 1 will reopen to its full capacity yet, JFK Airport announced Terminal 1 would remain closed Friday. “JFK Terminal 1 will remain closed on 2/17 due to electrical issues as the Port Authority continues working with the terminal’s operator to restore flight operations as quickly as possible,” the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey told The Post in a statement. “Travelers should check with their carriers for flight status before coming to the airport.” “Diverting to another US port would have meant the aircraft would remain on the ground for several days, impacting a number of other scheduled services and customers,” the airline told CNN. Passengers will have to go through a rebooking process upon arrival in Auckland. “We apologize for the inconvenience and thank our customers for their patience and understanding,” the airline added. An electrical panel failure resulted in a “small isolated fire overnight that was immediately extinguished,” the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey said in a statement. “The power outage is currently impacting the terminal’s ability to accept inbound and outbound flights.” International flights arriving Thursday were diverted to other airports on the East Coast, including Newark Liberty International Airport in New Jersey, Boston’s Logan International Airport and Washington Dulles International Airport, according to JFK’s website. “Travelers should check with their carriers for flight status before coming to the airport,” JFK Airport tweeted Thursday night. Along with Air New Zealand, Terminal 1 is the departure terminal of 31 international airlines including Air China, Air France and Korean Air. With Post wires