Michelle Yeoh has just one word for her historic win: “F–k.” The “Everything Everywhere All At Once” actress scored a Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by a Female Actor in a Leading Role at Sunday evening’s show, making history as the first Asian woman to win a leading film acting award. The SAG-AFTRA also confirmed to The Post that “Everything Everywhere All At Once” has “received the most SAG Award wins for a film” in history. “I think if I speak my heart will explode,” she began her acceptance speech, which was riddled with hilarious expletives. She thanked SAG-AFTRA for the award, saying that they “understand what it is to get here.” “Everyone of you know the journey, the roller coaster ride, the ups and downs, but most importantly, we never give up,” the 60-year-old continued. “I thank you for your love and support.” “I know I am up against titans, rightfully so,” added a very flustered Yeoh. “S–t. F–k.” But the award is not just for her, it’s also for “every little girl who looks like me,” she said in her speech, expressing her gratitude for a “seat at the table.” Earlier in the evening, fellow award winner Jamie Lee Curtis gave Yeoh a shoutout in her own acceptance speech for Outstanding Performance by a Female Actor in a Supporting Role. “Where is Michelle Yeoh?” Curtis, who planted a kiss on Yeoh after receiving her award, addressed the star-studded sea of nominees. “I say ‘Michelle,’ you say, ‘Yeoh!'” Her cry began a “Michelle Yeoh” chant, expressing her love for her talented co-star, who she claims is the reason she even accepted her role in “Everything Everywhere All At Once.” The film swept the SAG Awards, earning Outstanding Performance by a Cast in a Motion Picture. Earlier in the evening, Ke Huy Quan received an award for Outstanding Performance by a Male Actor in a Supporting Role. The former “Goonies” actor also made history as the first Asian male to win a SAG Award for acting in a film. “This is a really emotional moment for me,” he said. “Recently, I was told that if I would’ve won tonight, I would become the very first Asian actor to win in this category. When I heard this, I quickly realized that this moment no longer belongs to just me. It also belongs to everyone who has asked for change.” “When I stepped away from acting, it was because there were so few opportunities, and now tonight here we are, celebrating,” he continued. “The landscape looks so different now than before. Thank you to everyone who contributed to these changes. Thank you so much to SAG-AFTRA for this truly, truly prestigious honor.”