Just when you thought he couldn’t sink any lower! Nearly two months after confessing to The Post that he was guilty of “embellishing my resume,” embattled Long Island Rep. George Santos has admitted being a “terrible liar” — but blamed his serial fabrications on the demands of politics. The 34-year-old Republican — who is under investigation by local, state and federal lawmakers in connection with suspected campaign finance violations — also said he thought he’d get away with his lies because he “got away with it” during his failed 2020 House campaign. Santos made the stunning remarks during an interview with Talk TV host and Post columnist Piers Morgan in which he claimed that he made up key facts about his background to curry favor with local GOP leaders. “It wasn’t about tricking people,” he said. “This was about getting accepted by the party here locally.” Santos’ shameless blame-shifting came after Morgan ticked off a series of his falsehoods and said that any hope of “redemption” has “got to start from [you saying], ‘I’ve been a terrible liar.'” “Would you be prepared to say that?” Morgan added. “Sure,” agreed Santos. “Well, I’ve been a terrible liar on those subjects, and what I tried to convey to the American people is, I made mistakes.” Morgan also asked Santos why he thought “no one would find out.” “Well, I’ll humor you this: I ran in 2020 for the same exact seat for Congress. And I got away with it then,” he said. During a lengthy exchange, Morgan pressed Santos over his campaign claim that his mom died of cancer in 2016 as a result of being at the World Trade Center when the Twin Towers were destroyed in the Sept. 11, 2001 terror attacks. Morgan said that there was a “full record” of everyone who was there that day and that Santos’ mother, Fatima Devolder, isn’t listed. “Respectfully, please, I won’t debate my mother’s life, as she’s passed in ’16 and I think it’s, it’s quite unsensitive for everybody to want to rehash my mother’s legacy,” Santos replied. But Morgan refused to let up, citing news accounts of her 2003 visa application — in which Devolder said that “she hadn’t been in the US since 1999.” “So, all this points to her not being anywhere near the Twin Towers on Sept. 11. I do think it matters because it’s such an emotive part of modern American history. So I’ll simply ask you: Did your mother work there or did you just get that wrong?” the host said. Santos responded: “No. My mother was — I was 13 years old [on] Sept. 11, 2001. I was in the United States when my mother was here because she had full custody of both her children. So, it’s –“ “Did she lie on her visa application?” Morgan asked. “I don’t know,” Santos said. “I was a child when these things were being done, so I have no clue and no recollection.” At another point, Santos’ doubled down on his claim — first made to The Post — that “I’ve never claimed to be Jewish,” but instead was “Jew-ish.” The move prompted Morgan to rattle off a series of “direct quotes” in which Santos described himself as “‘Jewish,’ ‘half-Jewish,’ ‘proud American Jew,’ ‘a Latino Jew’ and a ‘non-observant Jew.'” “Piers, I’ve always made this as a party-favorite joke and it’s — I’ve done it on stages across –” Santos said. “What’s funny about falsely claiming you’re Jewish?” Morgan interrupted. “No, no, no. Not falsely claiming I’m Jewish. I’d always say I’m — I was raised Catholic but I come from a Jewish family, so that makes me Jew-ish,” Santos said. “It’s always been a party favorite. Everybody’s always laughed. “And now that everybody’s canceling me, everybody’s pounding down for a pound of flesh,” he added. “Because you’re not Jewish!” Morgan said, sounding exasperated. Santos also whined about losing his privacy and claimed he wouldn’t have run for office if he knew what would happen. “Absolutely not,” he said. When Morgan asked what it’s “like to be George Santos on the streets of America,” the serial fabricator said, “Well, it’s uncomfortable.” “Just last night, we — my husband and I — went out to the movies,” he recalled. “And you know, as I’m walking from getting the tickets to get to the concession stand to get to the theater, [there were] whispers all across the movie theater. So it’s just very strange, you know.” Santos also denied that part of him enjoyed the notoriety, claiming: “I can’t stand it. And a lot of people think I love it. I just can’t stand it.” Republican Nassau County Executive Bruce Blakeman, who oversees part of Santos’ district, said that “Santos’ whole rationale is ridiculous. It’s nonsense.” “It’s very sad. He has some kind of disorder. He needs help,” Blakeman added. On Dec. 26, Santos told The Post that he repeatedly lied during his successful 2022 House campaign but defiantly declared, “I am not a criminal.” Among the “sins” he admitted were falsely claiming that he’d “worked directly” for Goldman Sachs and Citigroup, graduated from Baruch College and had a Jewish mother whose parents escaped the Nazis during World War II. But in a stunning bit of wordplay, Santos insisted at the time that he “never claimed to be Jewish.” “I am Catholic. Because I learned my maternal family had a Jewish background I said I was ‘Jew-ish,'” he said. Since then, the mountain of Santos’ falsehoods and alleged misdeeds has only continued to grow, including a recent report that he lied about having invested in the spectacular Broadway flop “Spider-Man: Turn Off the Dark.” Earlier this month, House Speaker Kevin McCarthy (R-Calif.) confirmed that Santos — who’s been called on to resign by numerous fellow Republicans — was being investigated by the Ethics Committee. That prompted US Rep. Robert Garcia (D-Calif.) to introduce a resolution to expel Santos, saying “There’s nothing about him that we know is truthful.” Despite the widespread outrage — which included a protest outside his Long Island district office last week — Santos is already laying the groundwork for a re-election campaign, according to Rep. Richie Torres (D-The Bronx). “Santos is telling advisors that he wishes to serve a 2nd term, despite previously promising that he wouldn’t run for reelection,” Torres tweeted Thursday. Meanwhile, Santos moaned in a separate interview that he was the target of an “enormous inquisition” into how he got more than $700,000 to loan his campaign, saying it was “100% legitimately my money” and originated from his “business practices.”