PORT ST. LUCIE — Mets fans will continue to receive a healthy dose of Keith Hernandez on the team’s SNY-produced broadcasts over the next three seasons. Hernandez, according to sources, has agreed to a three-year contract with SNY that will keep him in the booth as part of the longest-tenured broadcast trio in MLB history. Hernandez’s return was first reported Monday by Boomer Esiason on WFAN. SNY and Hernandez were back and forth in negotiations that took about two months, and the calendar became a factor — with the network’s first Grapefruit League broadcast approaching in two weeks. It’s unclear how much Hernandez, 69, received in his new deal, but a source indicated he was seeking a raise from the $775,000 he was paid last season. The former Mets first baseman has partnered with Gary Cohen and Ron Darling on SNY since 2006. Last year the crew tied the MLB longevity record for a trio established by Lindsey Nelson, Bob Murphy and Ralph Kiner (on Mets TV/radio from 1962-78) by working a 17th season together. Hernandez, Darling and Cohen were recognized for the achievement at last month’s New York Baseball Writers’ dinner, where they received the Willie, Mickey and the Duke award. Hernandez is expected to work roughly 110 broadcasts over each of the next three seasons. His workload is heaviest in the early part of the week, with Darling more prominent on the weekends. Darling works TBS’ national broadcasts on Tuesdays, removing him from his SNY duties. Want to catch a game? The Mets schedule with links to buy tickets can be found here.  The last two seasons have tested Hernandez’s resolve. In July 2021 he slipped on the ledge of his hot tub while pruning roses and needed eight stitches in his big toe. Hernandez missed only a few games before returning to the booth. Last September his broadcast schedule ended prematurely after he stumbled on a curb in Manhattan and in attempting to catch his phone landed on his left shoulder. Hernandez tore a tendon in the shoulder and underwent surgery. In June, the Mets retired Hernandez’s No. 17 during a pregame ceremony at Citi Field. Hernandez joined Tom Seaver (41), Mike Piazza (31) and Jerry Koosman (36) among former Mets players to have their number retired by the club. Willie Mays has since joined that list — in a surprise announcement, the Mets retired his No. 24 at Old Timers’ Day in August. Managers Gil Hodges (14) and Casey Stengel (37) also have their numbers retired by the Mets. Jackie Robinson’s No. 42 is retired throughout MLB.