The NBA may not resume until Thursday, but there is still a good lineup of college basketball games this Monday for basketball bettors! New to BetMGM Sportsbook bettors can use BetMGM bonus code NPBONUS to get up to $1,000 in bonus bets if their first bet loses. The new customer offer from BetMGM allows you to place your first bet up to $1,000, and if it loses, you get back that same amount in bet credits, aka bonus bets. Click the button below to learn more about BetMGM’s offer so you can have it ready for Monday’s college basketball games. This offer works for any sports market on BetMGM. The BetMGM bonus code NPBONUS lets new customers get up to $1,000 in bonus bets. Let’s say you make a $100 losing bet after you sign up – you still get back $100 in bet credits with the bonus code. This works for any amount up to $1,000. BetMGM’s new customer offer is a great way to dip your toe into the sports betting world, and tonight’s NBA slate is a good chance to try it out. The NBA is still a few more days from resuming play after the All-Star break, so hoops bettors can look to college basketball if they want to make some bets. There are four matchups between Power Five teams this evening, and the best of the four should be in Fort Worth, where TCU hosts Kansas. The Jayhawks are vying for a Big 12 championship, while the Horned Frogs are looking to build up their NCAA Tournament resume even more. Staying in the Big 12, where West Virginia hosts Oklahoma State. Both of these teams are on the tournament bubble, so a win would obviously be huge. Illinois is looking to improve its tournament resume as well and hosts Minnesota tonight. The Duke Blue Devils are also in action from Cameron Indoor and play the woeful Louisville Cardinals. Louisville has been the worst team in the Power Five this season, so a Duke loss would badly damage the Blue Devils’ tournament resume. The BetMGM bonus code NPBONUS gives new customers a risk-free opportunity to get in on the action of college basketball! New and existing players. Must be 21+. AZ, CO, DC, IA, IL, IN, KS, LA, MD, MI, NJ, TN, VA, PA, WV, WY only. Full T&C apply.. One of the easiest ways to get yourself a load of bet credits is through BetMGM’s very generous “refer a friend” scheme. BetMGM allows bettors to refer up to 20 friends, with both getting a $50 bonus. Your friend will need to make their first deposit and place their $50 bonus on any sport at odds of -200 or greater in order for you to claim your bonus. For Ohio: 21+ and present in OH. Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER.