Democrats calling for the unseating from Congress of lying Rep. George Santos are curiously silent about President Biden (“It’s mine,” Feb. 2). Hunter Biden’s admission that “the laptop from hell” is his puts the lie to his dad’s ­claim that the emails and images on it were Russian disinformation. Santos’ lies are chump change when compared to Biden’s, which mask apparent influence-peddling at the crossroads of treason. Santos needs to go for his prevarications. The big fella does, too. Joseph Koenig Manhattan How much more will it take for America to see Biden’s corruption? His family, along with the complicit media, destroyed the truth. Protecting these perfidious criminals must take precedence over all else: It’s the left’s duty. So now the rats are jumping from the sinking ship. And more and more will come out, as Biden’s shelf life has expired. He’s no longer useful, if he ever was. The hypocrisy has been exposed again. Kevin Judge Naples, Fla. Now that the Republicans have control of the House, a tremendous amount of information about Hunter Biden’s activities, the laptop and Joe Biden’s potential monetary enrichment from Hunter’s deals is in the news. It amuses me because I know with certainty that President Biden will pardon Hunter and he will never spend a day in jail (or even miss a meal). I really look forward to seeing the terms. Can he grant Hunter a pardon and, along with it, keep secret forever every detail that was related to Hunter’s activities? That way he ensures they can’t be used to prosecute him after he leaves office. Will he pardon every person ever involved with Hunter, contingent on them never testifying against him? The terms of this pardon will be never-ending dinner conversation when it happens (and it will happen). Court watchers will never see a trial. David Lipton Toms River, NJ First Son Hunter Biden and his gaggle of attorneys and fix-it allies are attempting to divert attention from huge problems that have dogged this country for years. Will Joe Biden profit enough from these maneuvers to win a doddering second term? Lillian Marsano Manhattan I can’t decide whether to laugh or scream upon learning of the State University of New York’s new woke “academic requirement” (“Woke U for All Degrees,” Nicholas Giordano, Post­­Opinion, Feb. 2). What amounts to a big win for the grievance industry becomes a bigger loss to New York taxpayers, serious-minded students and tuition-paying parents. Tripe belongs on the plates of the Intrepid, never in the classroom. Make America Florida — the sooner the better. Anthony Parks Garden City Will this “Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Social Justice” class in SUNY teach about the brutal persecution of Mormons in the first half of the 19th Century, the exploitation of white immigrant workers in firetrap sweatshops well into the 20th century, the long history of anti-Semitism in the United States, including the notorious quota system in Ivy League schools, the many years of “No Irish need apply” want ads? I think we all know the answer to that question. Dennis Middlebrooks Brooklyn Want to weigh in on today’s stories? Send your thoughts (along with your full name and city of residence) to letters@nypost.com. Letters are subject to editing for clarity, length, accuracy and style.