Tired talking to your wife? Enough hearing the boss? Shove that mother-in-law? So — go babble yourself. Even unreal Hollywood’s onto artificial intelligence’s new shtick ChatGPT. On late-night TV, “The Morning Show’s” Billy Crudup and Jimmy Kimmel demonstrated ChatGPT writing a script on command without droning on how the stuff beats what pros dish out. Listen, the film industry’s shoving us merde, like a menacing animal in “Puss in Boots,” a monster in “The Sea Beast,” losing virginity in “My Year of Dicks,” adult cruelty in “Ivalu,” “Living” which is about cancer and — for a lift — “The Red Suitcase” which deals with teenage terror. More uplifting fare: “Triangle of Sadness.” Woody Harrelson’s in a tawdry tale of rich people at sea. He likes director Ruben Östlund’s odd movies. Woody: “I was like, ‘Holy f - - k this guy is an auteur,’ and my eyes opened to a new talent. He told me about this movie ‘Sadness’ on Amazon, which shows throwing up [also doing vivid bathroom stuff], and I was psyched.” Yeah. Right. Harrelson has occasionally enjoyed a sometimes now and then high so take his enthusiasm with a large bag of salt — or ether. Shove popcorn. Try Alka-Seltzer. Now Waymark’s AI is cranking out professional pix and TV commercials. Nice things. Minimal cost. Less than producing with a crew and talent. Using artificial intelligence to speed up video production for small- and medium-size businesses, the platform just connected with Hulu and Roku. Tupac Shakur’s 14-karat gold and diamond pinkie ring is up for grabs. Worn in his “All Bout U” music video and maybe whoknows what while he was also picking his teeth. Letters M-O-B in diamonds. Comes from an ex-girlfriend. How she got it — please — this is not polite to ask. GottaHaveRockAndRoll.com expects it to bring maybe $30,000. M.O.B., if you look it up in the Death Row Records encyclopedia, stands for Member of Bloods and refers to the gang Tupac was in — which ultimately got him killed. He wore the thing onstage — also with whatever he was doing with the ladyfriend. Hip-hop there fast. Auction ends Friday. SPEAKING of auctions, “Everything Everywhere All at Once” is giving everything away everywhere all at once. Distributor A24 is auctioning props to benefit Laundry Workers Center, Transgender Law Center and Asian Mental Health Project. Its Michelle Yeoh does not favor just top bidders and it’s not A24’s first philanthropy. Their “Midsommar,” “Uncut Gems” and “Euphoria” tchotchkes raised almost $400,000 for FDNY, Food Bank for New York City, NYC Health + Hospitals and Queens Community House. Bid by Thursday at A24Auctions.com. West 60s. Joanne Trattoria. Owner Joe Germanotta, Lady Gaga’s dad. To help the neighborhood Sunday-Thursday until 6 p.m. prix fixe. Meatballs, veggie lasagna, chicken/eggplant Parmesan, side of spaghetti, glass of wine, Caesar salad — $20. CHARITY dinner. Toastmaster: “I won’t stand up here and tell you a lot of old jokes. But what I’ll do is introduce speakers who will.” For sure only in New York, kids, only in New York.