Paulina Gretzky enjoyed the sand and sunny weather in Mexico while her husband, Dustin Johnson, played in LIV Golf’s 2023 season opener. The 34-year-old model showed off her bold fashion choices Sunday on her Instagram Stories, which included a green bikini and an orange mini dress. In one of the sultry snaps shared on Instagram, Gretzky — the daughter of hockey icon Wayne Gretzky — can be seen posing in paradise while wearing a two-piece by Same, a Los Angeles-based luxury swim and resort wear brand. The mother of two stunned in a separate post, which featured her modeling a bright orange sheath that she paired with a sparkly purse and clear heels. Gretzky, who married the 38-year-old Johnson last spring, was also photographed in another snap walking up a set of outdoor stairs at the Rosewood Mayakoba resort while modeling a two-piece set. Gretzky also enjoyed a shot with her close friend, Jeremy Cohen, whom she often travels with. Gretzky had been chronicling her time in Mexico while Johnson and his 4Aces GC team competed at the El Camaleon Golf Course. Bryson DeChambeau’s Crushers GC squad walked away with the top prize of $3 million while the second-place Aces took home $1.5 million. Individually, Charles Howell III finished first and claimed the top $4 million prize while Johnson tied for 35th, per Sports Illustrated. Johnson’s second season with the controversial, Saudi-backed league kicked off two days after he and Adidas cut ties following a 15-year partnership. Adidas golf president Jeff Lienhart told ESPN that both sides “mutually agreed to part ways,” and a source told the outlet that Johnson wants to focus on building the 4Aces brand. It’s been a busy few weeks for Johnson and Gretzky, who recently appeared in the Netflix docuseries “Full Swing,” which follows golf’s biggest names. In the series, Gretzky explained why her husband — a Masters and U.S. Open champion — stunningly defected to LIV Golf in June. “I don’t think Dustin would ever make bad choice for his children and people have to understand at the end of the day, that’s who he chose this for,” said Gretzky, who shares two sons with Johnson: 8-year-old Tatum and River, 5. “Of course, I get what everyone’s saying, but my dad being a hockey player — I’m sure as a kid, there were times when I’m like like, ‘Why does my dad have to play on my birthday?’ This is about Dustin and the kids and me and taking care of us and being there with us.” Johnson was reportedly paid $125 million to defect to LIV Golf and earned over $35 million in winnings in its inaugural season.