ATLANTA — Quentin Grimes isn’t concerned by his diminished role. His focus is on winning games. With that in mind, he’s thrilled with the addition of Josh Hart — even if it means less playing time for himself. While Grimes has not lost his starting role, his minutes have dwindled since Hart’s arrival — 44 total minutes and just eight shot attempts — and he has not closed the last two games, both Knicks victories. “It’s not about minutes. It’s trying to win games” Grimes said on Wednesday before the Knicks faced the Hawks at State Farm Arena in the final game before the All-Star break. “He helps us win games, that’s the main thing.” “You want to finish games, you can’t think about it,” he added. “That’s when you start messing up. Just go out there, play how I’ve been playing all year, and not worry about that. Just go out there and play the game.” Grimes, one of the Knicks’ top defenders, started the year on the wrong note, missing almost all of training camp and the first month of the regular season due to a nagging foot injury. He broke into the starting lineup for good on Nov. 20, and has remained a mainstay there as a court-spacing, 3-and-D wing. But his 3-point shot has betrayed him of late. He’s hit only 10 of his last 35 attempts, and his shooting percentage from distance is down to 34.8 percent. Part of this can be attributed to a heavy workload for the second-year guard, who believes the upcoming All-Star break will help him finish the year strong. He only appeared in 46 games as a rookie, averaging 17.3 minutes. Monday night was his 49th game, at a 30.3-minute clip. The 22-year-old dismissed the notion there is more pressure to play well because of Hart’s presence. Nothing has changed in that department. “I think that’s how it’s been really the whole year,” Grimes said. “[Coach Tom Thibodeau] kind of goes with who’s playing good, who definitely deserves to be out there. Whoever’s making the most impact in the game is who he’s going to rock with, which he should for sure.”