Jacob deGrom’s Rangers debut has been delayed. Spring training is barely under way and deGrom is already dealing with a health issue — tightness in his left side after his most recent bullpen session. Due to the cold weather in Arizona and the fact that it is the start of camp, the former Mets ace is being held back “a day or two” from his first workout with his new team, Texas GM Chris Young told reporters. The move was deemed as precautionary. Young said deGrom wanted to participate but the team was being cautious. “It’s as much about Day One of spring training as anything,” Young said Wednesday morning. “We’re more about planning for March 30. It’s cold and wet and we’re going to have to alter some of what we do anyway. He’s six bullpens in. He’s competitive and wants to be out there. This probably says more about me than it does him.” “Nothing major, but having him come in today with the weather conditions, I made the decision that we’re going to hold him off from throwing for a day or two until we can treat him and things return to normal. We wanted to make sure that we play things slowly.” DeGrom joined the Rangers in the offseason, ditching the Mets for a five-year, $185 million free-agent deal that includes a sixth-year option and could stretch the total to $222 million. The 34-year-old right-hander also has a history of injury woes. Over his final three seasons in New York, he made just 38 starts, which included not taking the mound for the Mets until Aug. 2 last season because of a stress reaction in his right scapula during spring training. DeGrom’s tenure in New York also came to an unceremonious end, with Mets manager Buck Showalter telling NJ Advance Media last month that he was told by deGrom, “someday I’d like to sit down with you and explain what really happened” with his free agency process. DeGrom also took out a full page ad in The Post last December to thank Mets fans. Showalter on Tuesday, meanwhile, downplayed the comment about deGrom’s free agency and said his former pitcher is “in a good place” and that he’s “happy for him and his family.” DeGrom is set to be the Rangers’ ace this year. Texas will open its season March 30 at home against the Phillies.