Frightening footage of a shark sighting in the water near a large group of swimmers has attracted attention on social media. The video, which was captured by a beachgoer in Dongara, Western Australia, shows the ominous silhouette of the shark cutting through the water just a few meters away from the unsuspecting swimmers. Witnesses can be heard yelling “shark!”. Panicked bathers can then be seen frantically swimming away. The video has since caused alarm among beachgoers in the area, with many expressing their concern for the safety of those in the water. “Can anyone confirm if there is a shark net at Dongara? If not this is stupidity and luck at its best,” video uploader Rob Paxevanos said. The species of shark has yet to be identified, but experts say that the size and shape of the fin suggest that it could be a Great White Shark. These powerful predators are known to be present in the waters off Western Australia and are considered to be one of the most dangerous species of shark to humans. Following a recent string of sightings, local authorities have urged the public to exercise caution and be aware of their surroundings when swimming in the ocean. Surf Life-Saving Western Australia has put out an official report warning of a noticeable spike in shark activity around Mandurah this summer. The sighting of the shark has also raised questions about the effectiveness of current beach safety measures, with some calling for increased patrols and more shark nets to be installed along the coast. Over the weekend a 16-year-old girl died after being mauled by a shark while swimming in Perth’s Swan River. Stella Berry was pulled from the river near the Fremantle traffic bridge, south of Perth, just after 12:30 a.m. (3:30 p.m. AEST) on Saturday with significant injuries to her leg, according to reports. Emergency services rushed to the riverbank but paramedics were unable to save her life. WA Police confirmed just before 3 a.m. (6 p.m. AEDT) the girl had died at the scene. The teenager’s parents Sophie and Matt Berry issued three photos of their Stella and appealed for “space and time we need to grieve our darling girl”. “We are devastated and deeply shocked by the loss of our beautiful daughter Stella,” they said in the statement. “We want to acknowledge the amazing support we have received from our family, friends, authorities, and the WA community.