After the release of Pamela Anderson’s Netflix documentary and memoir reclaiming her narrative, Britney Spears has declared herself a fan. “I’m such a fan of Pamela Anderson,” Spears, 41, said in a since-deleted Instagram post. “She was the only sex icon at one time in America and she still is !!!” Spears notably mentioned how touched she was by Anderson’s sons sticking up for their mom through the hard times. “I really respect the fact that her children stood up for her relating to the fact that people were trying to sell her story from the past,” she wrote. Spears continued: “They said, ‘Why the hell bring up things that happened 20 years ago if that really messed up my mom ???’ Referring to the embarrassing subject being sold in a comedic TV comparison … he’s right !!! He went on to say because of the embarrassment she went through a very dark period in her life … I mean when I read THAT, I was like DAMN !!!” Anderson, 55, has two sons with her ex-husband Tommy Lee, 60: Brandon Thomas Lee, 26, and Dylan Jagger Lee, 25. Brandon produced his mom’s documentary, “Pamela, a love story,” as well as helped to put the deals together for the doc and her memoir “Love, Pamela.” Anderson previously told People that her sons were “emotional” when watching her life story. “I think Brandon was a little emotional. Dylan was a little emotional when he saw it,” she said. “Brandon’s seen a ton of it. He’s been doing this for two years, so this has been a long process and as a mom, you never want to burden your kids. But this has kind of been a fun family project, but it had a lot of emotion tied to it.” Brandon told People he was proud to show the world the real Pamela. “I’ve known her my whole life, but when I think of my mom, I think of an incredibly well-read, intelligent, well-spoken, kind-hearted, passionate person, and I just think the world has never really seen her like that,” he said. “At the end of the day, I think people haven’t given her enough credit or really another chance to recapture herself before a lot of these really awful things happened to her.” “I’ve always seen her as an incredibly talented and powerful woman with so much potential, and I still think I see her the exact same way,” Brandon added. Ahead of the doc’s release, Anderson’s eldest son admitted that he “wishes” his mom “made money” off of her infamous stolen sex tape with Lee. “I wish she would have made the money. She would have made millions of dollars if she had just signed the paper,” he said. “Instead she sat back with nothing and watched her career fizzle into thin air. She was in debt most of her life.” While Anderson’s relationship with her sons appears to be full of love, Spears has had quite a different relationship with her two teenage sons. Spears married Kevin Federline, 44, in 2004, had a son, Sean Preston, now 17, then another, Jayden James, 16, and divorced Federline two months after Jayden was born in 2007. Her relationship with her sons has been fraught since she entered a 13-year-long conservatorship in February 2008 and went through a custody battle, during which the couple shared their sons 50/50. Ever since her conservatorship ended, Spears hasn’t been holding back on Instagram, constantly posting about her family dynamics in long captions. But pictures of her sons are rare and Federline previously claimed in an interview with “60 Minutes Australia” that the boys “actually haven’t seen her in months” and that it’s their “choice.” Sean and Jayden were noticeably absent from Spears’ wedding to Sam Asghari, which Federline alleged was because they had chosen not to see her. The “Baby One More Time” singer has been the subject of quite a few recent documentaries surrounding her conservatorship and the #FreeBritney movement — though she had no involvement in any of them. “With 4 documentaries released about me last year with people I adore speaking about my past !!” she also wrote in her Instagram post. “Unfortunately, the way my past was portrayed in those documentaries was extremely embarrassing !!! It felt semi-illegal !!!” There have been many comparisons made between Anderson and Spears and how they were both young women who were harassed by the media and paparazzi. “Pamela gave me an understanding that people should support you exactly where you are in that moment of your life … unless cruelty rules the world,” Spears wrote. Anderson’s son, Brandon, commented, “Thank you for this. You and my mom have both deserved better” in response to Spears’ post. Both women are now telling their own versions of the story, with Spears expected to release her own tell-all memoir. “Pamela, a love story” is currently streaming on Netflix and “Love, Pamela” is available at bookstores.