Doggone it — dog flu cases are on the rise in some areas of the country, including Philadelphia, North Texas and Minneapolis, CBS News reports. Canine influenza is different from the influenza viruses that humans contract. It’s caused by two Type A viruses: H3N8 and H3N2. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention notes that no human infections with canine influenza have ever been reported — and the virus is typically not life-threatening for pups. Veterinarians caution it’s still important to know what to do if your cuddly companion comes down with the virus. Symptoms to watch for include a cough, runny nose, fever, lethargy, eye discharge and reduced appetite, according to the CDC. However, not all dogs will show symptoms. Some unlucky dogs can end up with pneumonia. It should take about two to three weeks for your pup to heal, according to the CDC. Owners who observe dogs coughing, sneezing or exhibiting nasal discharge should seek medical attention for their pooch, Dr. Gary Richter, a veterinarian and pet health expert on Rover’s Dog People Panel, advised in an interview with PopSugar. All dogs are susceptible to the flu, no matter their breed or size. An infected dog can spread the virus to canine friends by direct contact; barking, coughing or sneezing; contaminated objects, such as collars and leashes; and “by people moving between infected and uninfected dogs,” according to the American Veterinary Medical Association. Richter says dogs will often be treated with antibiotics. “The symptoms of canine influenza can initially look very similar to kennel cough, but there is a laboratory test that can confirm the diagnosis,” Richter told PopSugar. “Dogs with influenza are frequently put on antibiotics to prevent and treat secondary bacterial infections,” Richter added. “Animals with severe symptoms may need to be hospitalized and put on IV fluids while they are recovering.” The CDC noted vaccines for the H3N8 and H3N2 canine flu viruses are available in the US.