The Nets’ Kevin Durant-Kyrie Irving era officially ended Thursday night, along with their title hopes. General manager Sean Marks had no choice but to acknowledge how difficult it was to trade Durant in the wee hours Thursday morning, and that — as the Nets entered a rebuilding process — their grand experiment simply hadn’t panned out. “Look, I’m not going to sugarcoat it. It’s always difficult when you’re trading a player of that stature and that ilk, very difficult,” Marks said. “My job as a GM and our job as a front office is to try and bring in that caliber of talent and so forth. So those decisions are not easy.” No amount of sugar could make this pill any less bitter or easier to swallow. When the Nets added Durant and Irving in the summer of 2019, championships became the goal. When they traded for James Harden to form arguably the most offensively potent Big 3 in NBA history, titles became a fate accompli. Except fate didn’t agree. Back luck, bad chemistry, bad coaching, bad whatever, that trio played just 16 games together — with their last coincidentally coming against Chicago, also the Nets’ foe Thursday night. Harden forced a trade last Feb. 10. Irving demanded one last Friday. Durant followed, with his trade to Phoenix ending the superteam that never was. “I look at it internally and say as well, it didn’t work. Let’s be honest there. We did not reach the full potential of where we thought we’d could get to, our hopes and honestly beliefs,” Marks said. “But again, I look back and we’ve done a lot of thinking and soul searching on this and we said, well, we did everything we possibly could to maximize this organization’s potential, to have ourselves in the conversation for a championship. “So, it didn’t work. Some of that is through things we can control, some through things that we can’t control. But the end of the day, again, now we’re focused on this pathway right now.” That pathway is rebuilding, moving Durant for Mikal Bridges, Cam Johnson, four first-round picks, a 2028 pick swap and a couple of second-round picks. The Nets reportedly asked Phoenix for the same deal when Durant put in his summer trade request, and the Suns declined to put in Bridges, a Defensive Player of the Year runner-up. At that point, Marks and team owner Joe Tsai convinced Durant to stay. But this time he wouldn’t be swayed, presumably pushed over the edge by the Irving deal. “These are discussions between Kevin, myself, Joe, Rich [Kleiman, Durant’s manager],” Marks said. “It’s been a great partnership all the way along, around Kevin’s tenure. They’ve been great to us. These are ongoing discussions behind closed doors, but they’re honest discussions. We don’t always agree on everything, that’s not what it’s always about. But … we felt that this was the right time. “There’s a limit, right? You can certainly try and convince guys and you put your best foot forward and say here’s what the roster looks like, here’s what we’re trying to do. But at the end of the day, I think this works out for all parties included.” It was a deal that the Nets felt would keep them the most competitive. But having to trade Durant — and shut their championship window — left Marks sad, mad and tons of other emotions all at once. “[Wednesday] night, I was sad,” said Marks. “You do everything you possibly can in order to put together a team that you can be proud of and say hey, we can be in that championship conversation.” Marks praised Bridges and Johnson, and noted the Nets have far more picks to rebuild with than when he arrived. He talked around the Irving trade, and about how the guard said he felt “disrespected” in Brooklyn and had been plotting his exit after Year 1. “When you get to a point like we are now and it didn’t work, we did not know, we weren’t the last team standing … it’s easy to reflect and go back and say, well, this, that or the other, whether it’s pointing fingers or what have you,” Marks said. “We have to internally look at did we do everything we could have? Could we have done more? Sure. But that’s on everybody … so I don’t want to speak for Kyrie and wish nothing but he and his family all the best.”