This bedroom bust-up proved embarrassing and expensive. A woman who was thrown out of her boyfriend’s bedroom naked after they fought about how he was hogging the bed has been ordered to pay $120 for damaging his door. Naomi Pickwick, 32, was arrested after she used two kitchen knives to hammer on Dominic Barbour’s door during the domestic dispute at 4 a.m. on Oct. 22. Pickwick, who hails from Cheshire in the UK, stood naked in the communal hallway of Barbour’s shared house pleading to be let back inside. However, when Barbour opened the bedroom door, he accidentally injured himself when he tried to grab the knives Pickwick was holding. Speaking in court this week, Barbour recalled: “We watched some TV and then went to bed but Naomi was not happy with the amount of space I was taking. It was about 4 a.m. She was arguing, saying I had too much of the bed.” “After that, I was kicked, I was pushed, shouted at and sworn at, and had my hair pulled,” the boyfriend further alleged, according to Cavendish Press. Barbour admitted that he subsequently locked his ladylove out of his bedroom, leaving her naked in the hall. “I had no idea what she would do but I did not want someone aggressive in my bedroom,” he confessed. “There was then a loud banging on my door, a very loud banging. I opened the door and Naomi was standing there with two bread knives in her hand,” he added. “Her arms were raised up and the knives were in her hand and there were lots of dints on the door. “I tried to take the knives off her and then I rang the police. Naomi was not very happy about that and started pulling my hair, smacking me, and ripped my T-shirt,” he told the court. “She then got her clothes and fled from the scene. She also grabbed the TV with both hands as she was leaving the room and threw it to the floor.” Pickwick was arrested while walking barefoot back to her own home. In court, both she and Barbour admitted that they had been drinking before the domestic drama and confirmed that they often fought about how much space he was taking up in the bed. In her testimony, Pickwick stated: “I told him before: ‘Be careful when you are in bed, you are squashing me in bed’ … But he woke me up because he had been rolling around. I said, ‘Stop it,’ and went back to sleep and he woke me up. I said, ‘What are you doing?’ and he started going mad at me. He was shaking me. He said something like, ‘You are taking the piss.'” Pickwick alleges her beau then booted her from the room in a “rage” and she was left “scared” while standing naked in the hallway. When asked why she had the knives, she declared, “I wanted to go back into the room to get my belongings. I was not sure what he would do next. It was not to attack him, it was to deter him. I wanted to get my stuff and go.” Pickwick has previous convictions for assault on police and assault against her mother. In this case, a judge convicted her of damage to the door but cleared her of assault and damaging the TV. “This is a very unusual case,” District Judge Jack McGarva stated. “You were thrown out naked in the middle of the night. That is quite an abusive thing for anyone to do and he has got no real explanation for that … [but] you are very much at risk of being locked up because you have problems with domestic relationships when you are drunk and problems when you are angry. Something has got to change.” Judge McGarva said both parties came away from the incident looking disgraced. “I do not think anyone has covered themselves in glory in this,” he stated. “In all, it is a horrible incident — a very good advert against drinking.” The couple is no longer in a relationship.