Broadway’s torrid love affair with Stephen Sondheim marches on. Following revivals of “West Side Story,” “Into The Woods,” “Assassins,” “Company” and “Merrily We Roll Along,” his “Sweeney Todd: The Demon Barber of Fleet Street” is back on the Great White Way for the first time since 2005. This time around, the story of a murderous barber will call the Lunt-Fontanne Theatre home when previews begin on Sunday, Feb. 26. The cast also features a murderer’s row of theater heavyweights including Josh Groban, Annaleigh Ashford, Jordan Fisher, Ruthie Ann Miles and “Stranger Things'” star Gaten Matarazzo. Not sold? For the first time since 1980, Sondheim’s Tony Award-winning score will be performed as it was in the original production. Plus, “Hamilton” director Thomas Kail is helming this iteration of the classic. And while ticket prices are rather high for the first few weeks after the crowd-pleasing musical opens, we’re happy to report that they’re a bit cheaper if you buy seats to see victims turned into meat pies far in advance. In fact, we found some tickets going for as low as $66 before fees on Vivid Seats for a matinee in May. All prices were found at the time of publication and are subject to fluctuation.  Once ‘Sweeney Todd’ leaves Fleet Street and lands on 46th Street in Midtown Manhattan, the show will adopt a fairly typical schedule. Audiences can catch “Sweeney Todd” five nights a week from Tuesday through Saturday at 8 p.m. Sunday matinees begin at 3 p.m. Once the musical officially opens on March 26, Kail’s production will settle into a standard eight-show week routine with Wednesday and Saturday matinees peppered into the schedule. If you want to find the show that’s right for you, you can check out a complete “Sweeney Todd” calendar including all dates, show start times and links to buy tickets here.  It’s a bit of an understatement to say that “Sweeney Todd” features a decorated cast. Groban, mostly known for his music, turned heads with his Tony-nominated work in “Natasha, Pierre & The Great Comet of 1812.” Annaleigh Ashford, playing Mrs. Lovett, won the Tony for Best Featured Actress in a Play. You may also recognize her from “Smash,” “Masters Of Sex” and the new Hulu miniseries “Welcome to Chippendales.” Their co-stars, Jordan Fisher (Broadway’s “Dear Evan Hansen”), Gaten Matarazzo (“Paramount +’s “Honor Society), Ruthie Ann Miles (FX’s “The Americans”), Jamie Jackson (“The Greatest Showman”) and Maria Bilbao (Broadway debut) round out a truly impressive ensemble. For those that want to take a closer look, you can find “Sweeney Todd’s” complete cast here.  A stylish, 30-second Black and White trailer featuring Groban and Ashford just hit the web. You can see the duo and get a taste of what Kail is going for with his vision below.  At the moment, you can’t stream the 2007 film “Sweeney Todd” for free. However, if you’re willing to plunk down $3.99, you can see Johnny, Depp, Helena Bonham Carter, Sacha Baron Cohen, Alan Rickman and Timothy Spall in Tim Burton’s critically-acclaimed adaptation on Amazon Prime.  While “Sweeney Todd” is one of the year’s most anticipated shows, Broadway has a number of exciting productions for fans of live theater to choose from these next few months. Here are just five of our favorite shows you won’t want to miss live in the near future. • “New York, New York” • “A Doll’s House” • “Good Night, Oscar” • “Once Upon A One More Time” • “Back To The Future” Want to see what else is out there? Check out our list of 13 huge shows opening on Broadway in 2023 here.