A defenseless Bronx grocery store cashier was repeatedly pummeled by a deranged woman and her grown daughters in a shocking caught-on-video assault, The Post has learned. Lisbel Rodriguez Luna, 25, was left bruised and battered — and scared for her life — in the Sunday afternoon attack at Food Universe in Fordham Manor that stemmed from an argument over cashing in recyclable bottles a week earlier. “No one ever attacked me like that,” Luna said Monday, adding she’s terrified to go back to work because her attackers are still on the loose and may return. But “I have to come back,” she said. “I have to work. I need money. I need my job. I don’t know what else I can do.” Surveillance footage obtained by The Post shows several women storming in and beating on the cashier at her register — as store employees tried desperately to pull the attackers away from her. Luna, who was still recovering at home, explained she first encountered the main assailant the week prior when she called her out for skipping the line to turn in a ticket for cash in return for recyclables. “There were two other women on line and she came around and handed me the ticket and I asked her, I said, ‘Miss, is it your turn? Did she give you her turn,’ I asked pointing to the woman who was waiting in line,” Luna recalled. “She said, ‘bitch, that’s not your business. You better just give me my money,'” Luna told The Post. “‘I’m going to kick your ass. I’m going to f—ing kill you. I’m going to bring my daughters and we’re all going to kick your ass!’ “I took her ticket and gave her her money, about $15,” she said. “I was terrified.” Store manager Jose Minaya said he intercepted the irate woman outside the store when she returned on Sunday and tried to calm the situation. He even took Luna to a nearby deli to hide out for about 10 minutes to wait for the belligerent customer to leave. “But the woman waited outside,” Minaya said on Monday. “You can see her here in the video waiting outside, calling her daughters and then her daughters came. It was three daughters and another older woman, so there were five of them all together.” The women “met up outside” and then “came in and just immediately attacked,” he said. Cops were called to the store at around 1:15 p.m. Sunday, an NYPD spokesperson said. The victim, who was punched multiple times, declined medical attention at the scene. The incident is under investigation, the spokesperson said Monday. In a statement, the advocacy group Collective Action to Protect Our Stores — which represents nearly 4,000 stores, including supermarkets and bodegas in the New York metro-area — said politicians have to do more to protect workers. “Beyond the statistics on retail thefts going up, these are people — many immigrants — who are being attacked when stores are robbed,” the group said Monday. “We need our leaders in City Hall and Albany to step up to protect our workers, and stores, and ensure customers can shop in safety.” Additional reporting by Tina Moore