A federal judge blocked members of the public and press from entering the Manhattan courtroom where the death penalty trial of West Side Highway terrorist Sayfullo Saipov is unfolding — as the case is expected to enter a critical point in the coming days. US District Judge Vernon Broderick directed that reporters be barred to make space for “high numbers of witnesses/parties that are essential to the trial and must be in the courtroom, but are having difficulties finding seats,” according to a statement from the court’s District Executive’s Office. “Higher numbers are expected to be in attendance next week,” the email statement sent Friday added. Reporters were allowed to view the trial from closed-circuit televisions in “overflow” courtrooms on Tuesday, but were not allowed to sit in the actual courtroom. On Tuesday morning, a court officer blocked reporters from entering the courtroom on the 24th floor and directed them to another room on a separate floor. Several news organizations, including The Post, New York Times, New York Daily News, Associated Press and Inner City Press, filed letters in the case Tuesday requesting Broderick allow reporters access to the courtroom. After the trial broke for the day on Tuesday, Broderick said that a courtroom bench “all the way in the back” will be reserved for members of the press starting Wednesday. A jury convicted Saipov on 28 counts in January for killing eight people in an ISIS-inspired truck attack on the West Side Highway in October 2017. After the conviction, the trial moved to the penalty phase during which jurors will decide whether to sentence Saipov to death or life in prison. Since Feb. 13, prosecutors have been presenting evidence and questioning witnesses in an attempt to convince jurors that the terrorist deserves the death penalty for the horrific attack. Prosecutors are expected to rest their penalty phase case by Wednesday, and Saipov’s attorneys will begin their defense. His attorneys are expected to question family members and friends of Saipov in an attempt to humanize him and convince at least one juror that his life should be spared. An inmate detained at the supermax prison where Saipov will be held is also expected to be questioned about the conditions of the facility during the defense’s case.