Meghan Markle has made her first appearance since the brew-haha from the latest “South Park” episode. The ex-royal showed up in a new ad on Instagram for “self-care” coffee brand Clevr Blends, after being royally roasted by “South Park” and the fallout from her husband Prince Harry’s memoir, “Spare.” The Duchess of Sussex, 41, appeared in the commercial with founder Hannah Mendoza, who explains Markle invested in the health brand in 2020 — the same year she and Harry stepped down as senior members of the royal family. The clip shows Mendoza sipping on the wellness lattes with Markle, wearing a casual look consisting of jeans and a trench coat. Mendoza spoke about when she created the superfood lattes — which are free of dairy, grain and nut milk and include ingredients made from herbs, roots, spices and vegetables. “People fell in love with the drink and really wanted to make them at home,” the CEO said. “Three years ago, everything changed. None other than Meghan, the Duchess of Sussex, had started drinking our lattes.” “Not only did she love the product but she was extremely passionate about female founders and sustainable sourcing,” Mendoza added. The owner revealed that Markle was their “first investor, advisor and biggest Clevr advocate” and had even sent the brand’s lattes to her friends like Oprah Winfrey. Mendoza explained: “Our small but mighty team was so not ready for this and ended up selling out for two months. We grew our team. launched amazing new products and decided to dip our toe into retail. We owe so much of that to women uplifting women….we have big plans for the future.” The promo comes just a week after Markle and Harry were mercilessly mocked in the Feb. 15 episode of “South Park.” Titled “The Worldwide Privacy Tour,” the show parodied an ex-royal couple from Canada, who bears a likeness to the ex-royals, as they go on a world tour begging for privacy. In January, Harry, 38, released his 400-page bombshell tell-all “Spare,” in which he detailed his struggles as a member of the royal family as well as the hardships he and his wife faced while living at the palace. The book also goes into great detail about other revelations including an alleged violent spat with Prince William and a very descriptive account of when he lost his virginity.