Aaron Rodgers is going into the darkness, and the Jets are hoping he’ll come out with their light. The biggest story of the NFL offseason is the future of Rodgers, who is scheduled to start a four-day darkness retreat this week with the hopes that isolation will bring him some clarity on his football future. The Jets have publicly telegraphed their hopes to bring Rodgers, who has spent his entire 18-season pro career in Green Bay, to Florham Park by hiring offensive coordinator Nathaniel Hackett — whom Rodgers has praised in the past — and saying that they want to add a veteran quarterback. The Post’s Brian Costello confirmed on Sunday that the Jets have had preliminary discussions with the Packers about trading for Rodgers. Now, there are logistics to consider here, mainly what the Jets would have to give up to trade for Rodgers and that he is owed $59 million in cash in 2023. Rodgers also will be 40 years old next season, brings a lot of baggage off the field and his numbers dipped last season after winning consecutive MVP awards in 2020 and 2021. You could make the argument that he would not be worth the sort of package the Jets may need to give up to get him. You could also make the argument that he would be the missing piece to vault the Jets into Super Bowl contention. And those kinds of pieces — even if those questions do surround them — do not become available often. Whatever his current age and personal baggage, Rodgers is one of the most talented quarterbacks to ever play football, period. He has won four MVP awards, a Super Bowl and successfully replaced one of the most beloved figures in franchise history without much of a hitch in Green Bay. The Jets defense ranked fourth in the league in yards allowed and points allowed per game. They will have running back Breece Hall back next season after he tore his ACL midway through 2022, and receiver Garrett Wilson won Offensive Rookie of the Year this week. The pieces are there, except at the quarterback position, where Zach Wilson and Mike White both affirmed this season that neither is the answer. Rodgers, like Brett Favre during his one-year stint as a Jet, could backfire. The parallels are uncanny — all that’s missing is Jordan Love becoming the NFL’s next great QB — but the Jets need to do something to get to the next level, and Rodgers is staring them right in the face. Zooming out, where Rodgers will go if not the Jets, or whether he will play football at all next season, hangs over the NFL offseason. We might get an answer soon, if the darkness brings Rodgers the clarity he expects. Here’s a quick look at the other stories we’ll be talking about until kickoff in September. Lamar Jackson’s free agency Jackson is far and away the best quarterback — and therefore the best player — available in free agency this offseason, if it gets that far. The Ravens reportedly will use the franchise tag to keep Jackson in Baltimore if the two sides can’t agree to a long-term extension in the weeks ahead, NFL Network reported last week. If Jackson is tagged, though, it could set the stage for him to be traded or leave in free agency in 2024. It’s no secret that players don’t like being tagged, and the $32.41 million that would be owed Jackson if Baltimore goes that route would be below his value on the open market. Jackson reportedly wants the sort of money Deshaun Watson got (five years, $230 million guaranteed), and if he can’t get it in Baltimore, he may look elsewhere. Do the Colts trade up at the draft? You may have heard: The Colts need a QB. Lucky for them, the Bears, who own the No. 1 overall pick in the draft, already have Justin Fields under center, and aren’t likely to move on from the Ohio State product. So, can the Colts work something out to get in position to draft Alabama’s Bryce Young, Kentucky’s Will Levis or Ohio State’s C.J. Stroud? Because they hold the fourth overall pick, a trade might not be necessary for the Colts to get a quarterback, especially because the Cardinals, who pick third, are also set at the position with Kyler Murray. But if the Colts decide they want one over the rest, then the Bears would be in a position to take advantage. How do the Eagles handle their slew of expiring contracts? After losing the Super Bowl, Eagles GM Howie Roseman immediately needs to figure out how to keep as much of the team together as he can. Among the players whose contracts expire: Jason Kelce, Isaac Seumelo, Miles Sanders, Brandon Graham, Fletcher Cox, Javon Hargrave, James Bradberry and Chauncey Gardner-Johnson. Plus, offensive coordinator Shane Steichen is going to Indianapolis as the Colts’ next head coach and defensive coordinator Jonathan Gannon is interviewing for the job in Arizona. And Roseman needs to consider an extension for Jalen Hurts, who is entering the last year of his contract and may want to get something done this offseason. Got all that? The NFL is designed for parity, so it’s no surprise the Eagles are facing some obstacles. But this is a lot to deal with, even with that in mind. All of a sudden, Knicks-Nets has some importance beyond local bragging rights. That is because the Nets, after dealing away Kyrie Irving and Kevin Durant, are trying to hang onto their playoff spot and the Knicks are trying to climb their way out of the No. 7 seed and position in the play-in-round. The Knicks (32-27) closed the gap Monday night with a 124-106 win at the Garden — their first win in the series since Jan. 26, 2020 — and now sit just two games behind the fifth-place Nets (33-24). The Nets’ cushion in the standings is no small deal, especially as they work to integrate Mikal Bridges, Cameron Johnson, Spencer Dinwiddie and Dorian Finney-Smith into their rotation. Still, it is more than possible the Nets drift back to the 7-10 spots in the East and find themselves in the play-in round. Given everything that’s happened to the Nets this season, it would be almost hard to call that a failure — GM Sean Marks was right to cut bait on the Irving-Durant combination and in some ways, just having Irving out of town feels like a win — but they are already far away from where any of their fans expected them to be this season. The cross-river rivals finish the season series back at the Garden on March 1. Behind Jalen Brunson and Josh Hart, the Knicks beat the Nets, 124-106, at the Garden to move to five games over .500 (one off their season high) and within a half-game of the sixth-place Heat. The Nets fell to 2-4 since they traded Kyrie Irving. Here’s a quick look at the inter-borough bout: Points for Brunson, his third game this season of 40+ points and 15th effort of 30+. Brunson is averaging 29.8 points in 21 games since Jan. 2. Turnovers for Brunson, along with five assists, while shooting 15-of-21 from the field and 6-of-9 from 3-point range. Points for Hart in 27:54 (third-most on the team) on 10-of-14 shooting, including a pair of game-sealing corner 3s. Consecutive head-to-head wins for the Nets against the Knicks before Monday night. Minutes for Ben Simmons, 12:41 to be exact, a season low for a game he didn’t leave due to injury. Simmons registered two points, three rebounds, two assists and two turnovers. — Jonathan Lehman It feels pretty fitting that less than 24 hours after the Super Bowl, we were treated to videos of Aaron Judge taking batting practice from Tampa. Pitchers, catchers (and some position players, including those who are scheduled to play in the World Baseball Classic) are down in Florida already, and here in New York, that is something of a holiday. It is the Mets, not the Yankees, who come into this season looking like title favorites. But this time of year, it is enough just to get excited about baseball coming back into the fore. To get you ready, The Post has a full Spring Training Preview, in which… Joel Sherman offers a look at the 50 most interesting people in baseball. Mike Puma wonders if the Mets have enough offense even after all of Steve Cohen’s spending. Greg Joyce digs into the biggest storyline at Yankees camp, the shortstop battle among Oswald Peraza, Anthony Volpe and Isiah Kiner-Falefa. Mike Vaccaro considers what Aaron Judge can do for an encore to his MVP season. Jon Heyman writes that the year of the half-billion dollar team is about to begin. Steve Serby chats with the Yankees’ new $162 million starter, Carlos Rodon.