Love outweighs hate. A woman taunted by trolls over her size 20 frame has become a proud plus-size model on a mission to spread body positivity. Cierra Jade, 30, says she has spent decades subjected to cruel comments about her weight, with one hater telling her she’d “be dead in five years” if she didn’t slim down. The Canadian mom subsequently struggled with her self-confidence, before finally learning to love her looks and flaunt her physique on social media. “It is hard to pinpoint a pivotal moment that was the start of my confidence journey,” Jade told NeedToKnow.Online on Tuesday. “But as I got older I realized I needed to make peace with it so that I can start living my best life.” Jade — who now describes herself as a “fat activist” and “your fat girl bestie” — says she wanted to become a role model for her two young girls, Alerra, six, and Rylee, three. “When I had my daughters, it was important to me to work at creating change in the body-positive space, so that they didn’t have to grow up with the pressures that I did,” the brunette declared. In recent years, Jade has amassed more than 35,000 followers on TikTok, where she shares videos showing off her body. One recent clip showing the confident Canadian in a black bikini clocked up more than 1.6 million views — but not everyone was kind. Dozens of viewers took to the comments section beneath the clip, accusing the brunette of being “unhealthy” and “delusional.” “Stop normalizing illness,” one raged. “This is incredibly bad for you. Increased chance of heart failure, blood clots, high cholesterol and other issues.” However, the haters were outweighed by Jade’s fans who fawned over her physique. “THANK YOU —this representation is so needed,” one cheered. “I followed you a while ago, because…..we have the same shape, and you make me feel seen,” a second supporter added. Meanwhile, dozens of other viewers described the body-confident brunette as “beautiful.” Jade told NeedToKnow.online that she started modeling professionally in February 2021 and is not currently “on a weight loss journey.” She recently founded her own company named The Curvy Club, which she describes as “a safe and size-inclusive space for people to come together for community, connection and events.” With insecurity in the past, Jade is keeping her confident eyes on the future and is expanding her business to push her message of self-love. “We started locally in my city,” she said, “and have since expanded The Curvy Club into another city in our province with plans to continue growth to help as many women as possible.”