A Florida high school coach has been busted for getting two 16-year-old students to let him film them performing a sex act in a classroom — then trying to blackmail one of them into having sex with him, too. Yuniesky Ramirez-Martinez — who was also a security monitor — approached the teens inside Downtown Doral Charter Upper School in suburban Miami on Valentine’s Day, according to an arrest affidavit obtained by NBC 6. After asking lewd questions, the 37-year-old athletics coach took them to a classroom to “do whatever they want” — only for the teens to notice there was a camera in it, the report said. The 6-foot-5 coach then took them to another room, told them to “do it” — and stood filming them through a two-way window as they performed a sex act, the warrant reportedly said. Video from the camera in the adjacent room caught him then giving the duo a thumbs up — and even giving one a fist bump, the warrant said. Ramirez-Martinez approached one of the teens the next day, telling her that she needed to be with someone more experienced as he tried to persuade her to perform the same sex act on him, the arrest warrant said. He continued pestering her when she refused — bragging that he liked minors, according to the warrant. The girl finally reported him when he threatened to lie to the other teen she had been with unless she succumbed to his advances, the warrant said. NBC 6 did not identify either teen. Ramirez-Martinez was arrested Monday — and pictured smiling in a photo released by cops in Doral. He was charged with an offense against students by authority figures, solicitation of a child to engage in an act that constitutes sexual battery by a custodial authority, and promoting a sexual performance by a child. He remained held Wednesday on a $40,000 bond, records showed. Doral Police Chief Edwin Lopez called Ramirez-Martinez “extremely dangerous.” “This is somebody who’s victimizing students, who’s preying on them, taking advantage of students who are in a unique age in their life hormonally, dealing with the pressure of social media, the pressure of different relationships,” he told NBC 6. He called the accused “an authority figure” who was supposed to coach, mentor and “guide these young men and women into the next phase of life.” Instead, Ramirez-Martinez was “taking advantage of them,” and “for us it gets no worse than that,” Lopez seethed. The school staffer was a new hire, he said, noting that “within his first few weeks on the job, he’s already committing several felonies.” “So we’re glad to put people like this in jail,” the police chief said. The school told NBC 6 that the staffer “was immediately terminated as an employee” and “has NOT been on school grounds since the initial report.” The arrest rattled other students, with sophomore Daniel Gongora telling the local NBC station that the report “just made me sick to my stomach.” Martin Rueda, a junior, said it was a “scar, because you really never know who you can trust like that.”