Former Gov. Andrew Cuomo mocked fellow Democrat President Biden and his national security team Friday as the “gang that couldn’t shoot straight” for allowing a Chinese spy balloon to float across America’s heartland before shooting it down earlier this month. “You let them surveil the entire nation … It was so badly handled from a substantive view and from a public relations point of view. It left everybody scratching their head,” Cuomo, 65, said on his  “As a Matter of Fact” podcast. “There’s an old movie, ‘The Gang that Couldn’t Shoot Straight’. There was a series of compounding errors,” he added. “That’s what I feel we were watching here.” Cuomo, a three-term Democrat who resigned as governor in August of 2021 amid accusations of sexual misconduct that he still denies, has repeatedly treated one-time pal Biden as a punching bag since leaving office by making Republican-sounding criticisms. Cuomo ripped Biden earlier this month for a lax border policy, concluding that “the southern states were right” to complain they are being inundated with an influx of border-crossing migrants without getting help from the federal government. The ex-gov teed off on Biden while interviewing author Gordon Chang, a longtime observer of China’s Communist Party. Cuomo said he was skeptical of the Biden administration’s actions after the Chinese balloon was spotted in Montana — only for the military to wait to shoot it down until it was off the coast of South Carolina on Feb. 4. “It’s inexplicable,” he said. “You couldn’t find an unoccupied area to take it down?” The military then shot down three other objects spotted in US and Canadian airspace on three consecutive days — Feb. 10, 11, and 12. “They kept digging a hole. Rule number one is, when you’re in a hole, stop digging,” Cuomo said. “Why doesn’t President Biden — to save his own credibility, frankly — explain what happened? The former governor also said the White House actions were “forecasting weakness” — noting evidence that China is also aiding Russia in its war against Ukraine — and feeding the notion held by Beijing’s leaders that America is in “terminal decline.”