Viral gender reveals have really gone down the toilet. Jose Teixeira and his wife Ana Marcela were dye-ing to reveal the gender of their unborn baby to their loved ones but didn’t want to use fireworks or balloons like everyone else. Instead, the expectant parents decided to flush away some of the more common gender-reveal ideas and took to the toilet instead. “The normal thing is to do firecrackers, kick a ball, release smoke, right?” Jose told local media, according to CEN. “But my wife Ana Marcela and I wanted something different, so as not to imitate others.” The video quickly went viral, amassing 1.7M views on TikTok and thousands of comments. The clip shows Jose and Ana hovering their finger over the flush handle of the toilet that is decorated with pink and blue balloons and cartoons along with a baby boy, a baby girl and a pink question mark. After several seconds of anticipation gathering family and friends in the bathroom, the couple flushes the toilet which is flooded with blue toilet water giving away that the Teixeiras are welcoming a baby boy. “I found the idea on Instagram and she loved it. Our family too,” Jose said. He explained that the colorful surprise was easily set up by filling the toilet bowl with blue dye and a big hit with their loved ones who are excitedly awaiting the birth of baby Rhavy Dominick in July. “I didn’t think it would have such an impact,” Jose admitted. “After a few hours, the views started to increase. Out of nowhere, it had 2,000, and I was already scared.” “I thought it would stop there, because I always post videos there and they don’t get that number of hits.” “My godmother sent me a message on WhatsApp, asking if I had already seen the number of views on TikTok,” Jose added. “When I went to look, there were already 1.5 million.” Some people left some rude comments on the video, but most of the responses were positive replies to the happy reveal. “We saw mean comments, right? But we deal with it, there’s always the good and the bad. To move forward, we must live alongside people who build and those who put you down,” the expectant father said. The Teixeiras are not the first to utilize a toilet for their reveal. Another couple recently went viral with their commode celebration. And while many gender reveal celebrations have gone disastrously wrong, some soon-to-be parents still feel that it is their doody to share the news with their loved ones in an extravagant way and having everyone squeeze in around the toilet seems to be one of the safest ways to do so.