Staten Island Republican Borough President Vito Fossella — an ally of former President Donald Trump — passed on an event Monday featuring Florida Gov. Ron DeSantis, a potential Trump rival for the next GOP presidential nomination. Fossella’s absence raised eyebrows in political circles and could foretell a fracture within the local GOP should DeSantis, 44, challenge Trump, 76, in the 2024 Republican primary. Nearly all of Staten Island’s other Republican elected officials showed up for DeSantis’ law and order speech, with the exception of US Rep. Nicole Malliotakis, who was in Key Biscayne, Fla. for a retreat sponsored by the National Republican Congressional Committee. Trump endorsed Fossella in a contested GOP primary for borough president in 2021, when the 57-year-old narrowly defeated local party-backed Councilman Steve Matteo. Fossella left Congress in shame in 2009 in the wake of a second-family scandal that emerged after he was arrested for drunk driving. He won his comeback bid for borough president following 11th-hour backing from Trump. “Vito Fossella will not let you down,” Trump said in an email to supporters at the time. “He is strong, tough, loves our Country and truly loves the Great People of Staten Island — a powerful voice against crime and all other things going wrong in the city that we love.” When contacted by The Post on Tuesday, Fossella said he gave the DeSantis event a miss because “I had a conflict and was unable to attend.” He declined to elaborate, though he did note the event was not a formal campaign speech and added that he supports local law enforcement “1,000%.” Fossella also left no doubt about where his loyalties lie, telling The Post: “If President Trump is running, I will be supportive.” Leticia Remauro, a former Staten Island GOP chairwoman who challenged Fossella in the primary for borough president, applauded him Tuesday for his loyalty to the 45th president. “A lot of people admire DeSantis. But Staten Island is Trump country,” said Remauro. “People are not happy about DeSantis challenging Trump,” she added. “I applaud Fossella if he didn’t show up because Trump supported him. We should stick with the person who brought us to the dance.” Elected Republicans who did join Monday’s gathering to hear DeSantis included City Council members Joe Borelli and David Carr, state Sen. Andrew Lanza, and Assembly members Michael Reilly, Sam Pirozzolo and Michael Tannousis — also the borough’s GOP chairman. “We’re glad,” Tannousis said, “that Gov. DeSantis showed support for our local law enforcement who put on the uniform and risk their lives every day.” A rep for DeSantis said the governor was thrilled with the turnout and reception he got from law enforcement and local Republicans alike.