The impact of repetitive work, whether it’s lifting weights or crouching over while typing on a computer, can gradually lead to back and hip pain. When those issues arise, searching for solutions can become frustrating and even expensive, which serves as some extra motivation to proactively prevent those problems. The 2-in-1 Back decompression belt from Dr. Ho’s was designed to simplify combatting back and hip pain, and it currently comes at a discounted cost. Normally sold for $199, this product can now be purchased for only $99.99. This belt boasts an Amazon rating of 4 out of 5 stars based on more than 1,100 reviews. One verified buyer wrote, “I tried a couple of cheaper brands, but was highly disappointed. I returned them and instead got this one. If you’ve got serious back pain looking for an everyday solution, don’t even bother with cheap belts, this is what you want!” A savings of $100 makes this an even easier decision. Choose from a waist length of 25 to 41 inches or 42 to 55 inches, and pick up a product that provides clinical-grade traction and decompression therapy. Even if you keep up with a workout plan, Father Time tends to make things difficult with back and hip management. Body types of all ages can benefit from this belt, which comes with an instructional manual to help maximize usage. Back and hip pain can become debilitating if left unaddressed and make it difficult to accomplish necessary tasks, whether it’s office work or household responsibilities. If you’re not careful or being proactive about those issues, you can find yourself stuck in bed for hours or days at a time. This belt delivers the impact of an inversion table, alleviating pressure on your back, all while sitting normally or walking. It can be used during car rides, computer work, or while participating in athletic activities. Reduce aches along your back and hips and make it feel like you turned back the clock. Pick up the quick-acting Dr. Ho’s 2-in-1 Back Decompression Belt for only $99.99 (reg. $199). Prices subject to change.