Vladimir Putin’s red army is scurrying to find a replacement for the little blue pill. Shipments of Viagra to Russia were halted by Viatris — the Pennsylvania-based maker of the erectile dysfunction drug — shortly after Putin’s hard-headed invasion of Ukraine last year. The Kremlin said Wednesday it will turn inward to produce the generic version to replenish its sagging supply. “The drug with the trade name ‘Viagra’ corresponds to the international non-proprietary name (INN) sildenafil and is not produced on the territory of Russia,” Russia’s Industry and Trade Ministry said in a statement to state-run news service TASS. The ministry added that Russia has the “technology capability” to manufacture sildenafil. A total of 36 Russia-based companies have the “registration certificates” required to produce the pills. Viagra’s market share in Russia had plunged by 22% in volume year-over-year, according to data released in November by Russian analytics firm DSM Group and cited by the Washington Post. The Post has reached out to Viatris for comment. Viagra was originally developed and sold by Pfizer, but the firm’s patent expired in 2020, clearing the way for the manufacture of generic versions. Viatris was established in late 2020 following a merger between a Pfizer offshoot called Upjohn and the pharmaceutical firm Mylan. In an earnings statement last May, Viatris noted that sales of its products in Russia and Ukraine accounted for “less than 1% of consolidated total revenues” during its first quarter of 2022. “However, trade controls, sanctions, supply chain and staffing challenges and other economic considerations related to the conflict have impacted our operations in these markets and may negatively impact our financial results in future periods,” the firm added. Last March, Pfizer said it would halt all investments and new clinical trials in Russia due to the invasion. The Kremlin has been forced to stock up on various medications, including anti-depressants, sleeping pills and birth controls, due to concerns about potential shortages. Putin’s invasion of Ukraine has led to economic sanctions and a mass exodus of Western companies.