Following an NBA trade deadline that overhauled the Lakers’ roster, new drama has ensued in Los Angeles. Russell Westbrook, who was sent to the Utah Jazz, may not have been the only one who had issues in the locker room. According to Fox Sports’ Colin Cowherd, LeBron James has been holding Lakers teammate Anthony Davis “accountable” because he is “not happy with him.” “I talked to an NBA source who I’ve known for a long time, he said the Dallas Mavericks and Anthony Davis, keep your eye on it,” Cowherd said Wednesday. “Anthony Davis is pouting, LeBron’s holding him accountable, LeBron’s not happy with him.” “The Herd” host explained some of the reasons behind James’ potential sourness with Davis. In Cowherd’s show on Wednesday, he mentioned some of the reasons behind James’ sour mood with AD. Prior to Wednesday’s loss against the Portland Trail Blazers, James, 38, had missed three game with an ankle injury — one that Cowherd said was worse than reported. The NBA’s all-time scorer reportedly feels coach Darvin Ham is playing him too many minutes with Davis lacking dependability. Before encountering a foot injury, Davis was on a stellar stretch, averaging 27.4 points and 12.1 rebounds in his first 25 games. Once he returned more than a month later, the Lakers have not reaped the same benefits: in his last 10 games, Davis has shot a bleak 19 percent from beyond the arc and averaged 22.5 points per game. “Who’s he not happy at?” Cowherd asked. “Darvin Ham, probably, for not holding A.D. accountable.” This is not the first time things have been tense between the two stars. On Feb. 7 — the night James passed Kareem Abdul-Jabbar for the NBA scoring record — Davis was sulking on the bench as James made the pivotal shot while his other teammates celebrated the historical event. Davis, 29, explained it reflected the Lakers trailing the Thunder at that point in the game. However, the action led many to question if there was something behind-the-scenes going on and if the two could continue to play together. “LeBron has always tried to get along with everybody…,” said Cowherd. “Michael Jordan would have just called out Westbrook or Anthony Davis.” General manager Rob Pelinka did his best with the trade deadline to improve odds and team atmosphere for his Lakers. However, it seems another move may have to be made soon.