The Wisconsin woman accused of decapitating her lover during a wild meth-fueled escapade last year randomly attacked her own lawyer in the courtroom Tuesday — striking him in the head. Taylor Schabusiness, 25, lunged at defense attorney Quinn Jolly after the judge in the gruesome murder case suggested pushing the trial back two months. Shocking video of the spontaneous and violent outburst shows Schabusiness calmly sitting in the Green Bay courtroom as Judge Thomas J. Walsh recommends starting the murder trial on May 15 instead of March 6 — a suggestion he made at Jolly’s request. Seemingly angered by the decision, the accused killer flings herself at the attorney, who was sitting beside her — striking him with her elbows and handcuffed wrists. A security guard then quickly tackles Schabusiness to the ground, the chaotic clip shows. At one point, the guard’s toolbelt becomes wrapped around Schabusiness’ toes, which were exposed after she lost her shoes in the tussle. After several minutes, two other guards eventually help pin Schabusiness down until she is calm. The bizarre blowup came after Jolly asked Walsh for an extension in order to prove his client was not competent to stand trail for the February 2022 grisly murder of 25-year-old Shad Thyrion, Law and Crime reported. Schabusiness allegedly decapitated Thyrion during sex, continued to perform sexual acts on his lifeless body and mutilated his corpse with a serrated bread knife. She then stuffed his severed head and penis in a bucket and other body parts in a crock pot, leaving them for his mother to find, prosecutors claim. The woman — who is married to another man — was found by police at home covered in blood, records show. She reportedly told cops they would “have fun trying to find all of the organs.” Schabusiness plead not guilty by reason of mental disease or defect but reportedly admitted to cops that she went “crazy” during the deadly romp. She told detectives she and Thyrion had been smoking methamphetamine before going to his mother’s house to have sex using chains. She also said she didn’t intend on killing him, though reportedly admitted she sat on the victim and “waited for him to die” as he coughed up blood. “Ya, I liked it,” Schabusiness said about choking Thyrion. Jolly had told the judge he needed more time for a defense expert to review the case and testify as to his client’s competency. A court-appointed doctor found Schabusiness competent to stand trial last year, but the defense attorney pushed back against the diagnosis. Jolly said Schabusiness was previously diagnosed with bipolar disorder and has received mental health treatment since she was a 7th grader. Schabusiness faces charges of first-degree intentional homicide, mutilating a corpse and third-degree sexual assault.