Better late than never. New York City saw its first measurable snowfall of the season Wednesday morning after breaking the record earlier this week for the longest snowless season in 50 years. Nearly half an inch of snow coated Central Park as a weak low-pressure system darted over the Big Apple, Fox Weather meteorologist Mathieu Blue told The Post. “We got four-tenths of an inch. So this is now the latest measurable snowfall for any [winter] season since records have been kept in 1869,” Blue told The Post. Gotham’s wintry weather came after the city made history Monday as the latest Central Park had gone into the season without measurable accumulation since 1973. While no further significant snowfalls are forecast for New York City in the immediate future, the Big Apple should expect dangerously low temperatures Friday into Saturday. “We’re looking at the potential for wind chills to be below zero with temperatures in the single digits,” Blue said. The city has seen sparse flurries since the fall of 2022 — over a foot below the average season snowfall to date. Both precipitation and cold air are needed for snow that sticks and can be counted as measurable by meteorologists. The city hasn’t had the optimal conditions yet this winter — even after several winter storms rolled through the region this past week. The last time there was measurable snow in New York City was 326 days ago on March 9, 2022, when it snowed a measly four-tenths of an inch. Typically, the city sees its first measurable snow by mid-December. Last year it came on Christmas Eve, according to the Weather Channel. Other Northeastern cities along the I-95 corridor, like Philadelphia and Boston, have also been experiencing a snow deficit this season. While recent storm tracks have brought snow to some parts of the interior Northeast, warm air has been pulled into the I-95 corridor, largely resulting in rain this winter. Despite this seemingly snowless season, New York City’s snowiest month is February, according to the Weather Channel, meaning New Yorkers may soon see the first big snow of the winter season.