Grammy winner Sam Smith, 30, was slammed by various Twitter users on Sunday for their “satanic” awards show performance which was followed by an ad for Pfizer and further triggered outrage. Smith, alongside Kim Petras, performed their chart-topping song “Unholy” during the 65th Grammy Awards which had both singers and their backup dancers clad in blood-red devil-esque costumes. The nonbinary singer rocked red high-heeled boots and leather pants and a crimson shirt with a matching collar. Later, they wore a top hat with horns and completed the look with a cane. Petras, 30, spent the performance in a little red dress while performing in a cage surrounded by whip-wielding backup dancers. At the beginning of their act, Smith is seen crouching in the center of several “Grudge”-like dancers. The duo’s performance was immediately followed by a sponsorship ad from Pfizer, which made headlines after the CDC announced it was conducting an investigation as to whether or not that company’s COVID-19 vaccine increased the risk of stroke for people over 65. “The Grammy’s featured Sam Smith’s demonic performance and was sponsored by Pfizer,” tweeted conservative politician Marjorie Taylor Greene. “And the Satanic Church now has an abortion clinic in NM that requires its patients to perform a satanic ritual before services.” “American Christians need to get to work,” concluded the politician. “Hollywood freaks still thinking they’re so edgy with their Satanic-themed performances,” tweeted former talk show host Stephanie Hamill. Another Twitter user condemned the sponsorship of the medical company during the award show. “Sam Smith has a SATANIC Grammys performance & it’s sponsored by Pfizer,” slammed the user. “You can’t make this stuff up.” “Sam Smith’s satanic performance at the Grammy’s ended with a Pfizer commercial,” said another user. “You can’t get it more on the nose than that. Pfizer and Hollywood deserve each other. Later in the night, both Petras and Smith — who both were still clad in crimson — won the Best Pop Duo/Group Performance Grammy for the song. “I’m the first transgender woman to win this award,” said an emotional Petras. “I want to thank all the incredible transgender legends before me who kicked these doors open.”