Tyler Motte knew exactly where he was going Monday morning when he came to MSG Training Center for the Rangers’ morning skate ahead of their game against the Jets. That is just one of the many benefits to getting traded back to a team that Motte has already played for, after the feisty winger was brought in at last season’s trade deadline from the Canucks. There’s a certain level of familiarity with the facilities, the coaching staff and the players for Motte, who spent over two months with the Blueshirts last season before departing in free agency for the Senators in the offseason. “A lot easier,” Motte said of the transition before he laced up for his first game in a Rangers sweater this season, a 4-1 loss. “I knew exactly where I was going [Sunday] night to the hotel and exactly how to get in here. Obviously, [said] hi to the staff. It’s almost like you never left a little bit. It’s a good feeling coming back, being around these guys.” Motte, who the Rangers acquired from Ottawa in exchange for Julien Gauthier and a conditional seventh-round pick in 2023, was naturally very well received by the rest of the team on Monday. When asked if he ever thought he’d be back in New York after being unable to come to an agreement on an extension in the offseason, Motte said he doesn’t think the door is ever closed, but that he tried to keep the one on a return to the Rangers open for as long as possible. He added that he enjoyed his brief time with the Rangers and that he’s excited to be back. “Motter was a big part of our group last year on that run,” Chris Kreider told The Post. “Great guy, great player. We’re all excited to have him back. … Hyper-competitive, wants to win, very intense. I think he’s really strong, really physical for someone who’s not necessarily as physically daunting as maybe [the 6-foot-4 Niko] Mikkola or [the 6-3 Jacob] Trouba. Back when we played Vancouver [from 2017-22], I remember him hitting like a ton of bricks. And when he came here, same thing. Closes on guys quick, he creates turnovers, takes away time and space, he’ll shoot the puck, carry the puck. “He’s kind of a jack of all trades, does a lot of things really well and obviously very good on the kill and special teams. That’s the kind of guy you win hockey games with.” Motte slotted onto the right wing of the fourth line next to Jake Leschyshyn and Barclay Goodrow. The rest of the lineup looked a little different than how the Rangers finished Saturday night’s overtime loss to the Flames, with Jimmy Vesey on the top line with Kreider and Mika Zibanejad instead of Kaapo Kakko. Kakko was back on the Kid Line alongside Alexis Lafreniere and Filip Chytil, while Vladimir Tarasenko returned to the right wing of Artemi Panarin and Vincent Trocheck. Expect to see Motte in the penalty-killing rotation, which is a major reason why the Rangers were willing to send Gauthier to the Senators to make the deal happen. Head coach Gerard Gallant said Motte is an easy fit after having been on the team last season, noting that the Rangers had some success with him in the playoffs. “I think this group is hungry, as you’ve seen all year,” Motte said. “You get that close, you get a taste, you always want more. Obviously, there’s one goal in mind, but it’s a process to get there. We have to get through the regular season, set ourselves up and then really go to work come playoff time.”