Oh, spring. The season of melting snow, blooming florals and temps that are warm, but not warm enough to shed all of our layers. Breaking out our lightweight jackets doesn’t mean we’ve got to sacrifice style, and as commerce reporters we’re all about springing into the springtime fashion. If you’re on the hunt for a trendy yet comfortable lightweight jacket we’ve got you covered — but not *too* covered. Alongside our Easter dresses and cottagecore aesthetic dresses, we’re investing in all the airy, timeless and trending spring jackets this year. From the unmatched classic denim jacket to the cropped moto jacket, we’re here to deliver the 20 best styles to suit your wardrobe. No matter if you go for a statement spring jacket to style with your work pants and comfortable heels or a basic fit you can wear with your white sneakers and leggings, we have the perfect look-book for you. So, it’s time to do some online shopping (yes, we’re big advocates of this). Shop our 20 favorite spring jackets for women, notably from Amazon, Bloomingdale’s and more. These pieces are just about ready to blossom onto your outfit. As one of Amazon’s best-sellers, you can’t go wrong with a lightweight puffer to transition into the warmer temps. Available in a slew of shades, we love how this style is water-resistant and has contoured seams for a bit of a fitted look. As the poster item for “spring jacket,” this Cotton Hooded Field Jacket from Levi’s is one of our favorites in this edit. Available in military green and other shades, too, it has the most precious pocket and button detailing we’ve seen, pairing well with your favorite faux leather leggings or jeans. The Riders by Lee Indigo Denim Jacket is one of our sworn-in favorites, as far as denim jackets go. From its adorable cropped fit to timeless charm, we can’t believe this medium-wash is less than $40. Of course, going into April (and beyond) calls for a quality rain jacket. This long-form lightweight style is primmed to perfection, especially in this gorgeous lavender. Plus, Cole Haan has you covered with a removable hood, an essential characteristic for this easy-breezy style. We’re all about the moto jackets for the spring and when paired with your favorite designer clutch for an evening-time look, it’s showstopping. Not to mention, BlankNYC has a lovely vegan leather piece that comes in other moody neutrals. You can’t go wrong with a classic trench coat fit and this style provides that timeless look without the hefty price tag. It’s water and wind-resistant making it a top contender for your go-to rain coat. Plus, did we mention there’s a removable hood? For a splurge you’ll resort to every spring (and fall!), Velvet by Graham & Spencer’s Ruby Army Jacket is a magnificent mauve that pairs well with /your favorite white t-shirt and shorts. The outerwear staple also has precious button detailing and generously sized pockets. For black denim, Sunset & Spring has a coveted style. It’s the best of everything: timeless material, gorgeous buttons a distressed look and a little pizzazz at the sleeves. Though a splurge, we think it’s investment-worthy for your transitional wardrobe. Lulus’ Eldora Cropped Utility Jacket was made to perfection in this relaxed fit, chic toss-on that’s bound to match with any outfit. It comes in other colors, too, with its button cuffs a unique touch. Don’t just walk — run — to this spring-tastic tweed jacket from Lulus. It’s on sale priced, has the perfect balance of dressy yet casual charm and is made from a comfy polyester blend. We mean it when we say grab this jacket while you can. It’s made from an airy terry fabric that’s soft and breathable to keep you comfortable (especially on those spring mornings where it’s cool, but by midday you’re sweltering). Consider this the embodiment of a blanket, but just on your body. The design features adjustable ties in the front, an adorable quilted pattern and if you’re not about that collar lifestyle, then don’t sweat it! This one is completely collarless. We dare you to try and *not* wrap yourself in this sherpa liner. You don’t even have to second guess the comfort levels since it’s made from a soft sherpa that could give your favorite throw blanket a run for its money. Corduroy boasts a retro style that we’re always on board for. Not only is it a soft material, but it’s lightweight enough to layer under jackets or wear by itself. Plus, it just looks great with practically everything. We’re obsessed with this plus size faux fur jacket not just for it’s über fluffy material, but the fact that it comes in multiple eye-catching shades is a total plus. Definitely snag this in every color while you can. A chic blazer doesn’t just have to be a part of your workwear collection. Today’s trends have declared this professional layer to be a stylish overcoat you can wear with everything from joggers to wide-leg pants. Utility jackets will truly never go out of style and Anthropologie only proves this with its own twist on the timeless look. Traditional designs feature a more rigid straight fit, but this look adds a delicateness with ruffle accents you’ll want to throw over a whimsical floral dress. Don’t skip out on applying this boho-chic fit to your jacket collection — just look at those elegant embroidered sleeves! The large pockets are an added bonus for carrying your phone, wallet and keys. What more could you need from a spring jacket? Amp up your trench coat game with this gorgeous teal look that comes with a stylish folded over collar and adjustable tie. Did we mention it’s made from a vegan suede material that is just oh so soft? Windbreakers are just an essential for dealing with unpredictable spring weather. Those windy days won’t stand a chance against the light windproof material — and it makes a perfect workout jacket thanks to the adjustable elastics. For more content, check out the New York Post Shopping section.