Word travels fast down I-95. Not long after Giants safety Julian Love blasted Eagles coach Nick Sirianni on Thursday during an appearance on “Good Morning Football,” Philadelphia’s longtime defensive end, Brandon Graham, knocked his NFC East rival during a media session later in the day. “People always got something to say when they at home,” Graham told reporters. “He said anybody can coach this team, it’s like man, don’t matter, because at the end of the day, it’s on your GM, and your president and people to be able to bring guys in and sign guys and have people want to come to this organization. I mean, it’s a whole bunch of different factors other than just him talking about Coach Sirianni,” continued Graham, who has only played for the Eagles during his 13-year career. “A lot of people just mad because of what happened this season. … It definitely carried no weight.” Sirianni arrived at the Eagles in 2021 after serving as the Colts’ offensive coordinator from 2018-2020. The Eagles reached the playoffs last year following a 9-8 season, but were eliminated in the wild-card round in a loss to the Buccaneers. This year, however, the Eagles ended the regular season 14-3 and earned a first-round bye in the postseason. They hosted the Giants in the divisional round and demolished their longtime rival, 38-7. Love, who has played for the Giants throughout his four-year career, made it clear Thursday on “Good Morning Football” that he hasn’t been completely impressed with Sirianni. “He’s a guy who is really doing a good job cause he’s not getting in the way of his team. He has an experienced roster from top to bottom, offense, defense,” Love said. “He’s in for a free ride right now. You guys can coach this team.” Love, an impending free agent, doubled down on his statements later in the day. “Philly fans sure don’t like this one lol… but I’m not wrong. This is a players league, and Philly has dogs on the roster top to bottom. It’s no mystery why they’re in this position,” Love tweeted Thursday afternoon. This year’s Eagles roster boasts eight Pro Bowl selections, including quarterback Jalen Hurts, who is an MVP candidate. Super Bowl 2023 between the Eagles and Chiefs gets underway on Sunday, Feb. 12, at State Farm Stadium in Arizona.