New York Post readers can claim up to $1,000 in bonus bets on BetMGM Sportsbook with the bonus code NPBONUS. The new customer offer from BetMGM allows bettors to place their first bet up to $1,000, and if it loses, they would still get that same amount back in bet credits, aka bonus bets. Follow the link below for more information about BetMGM’s offer ahead of the Oklahoma State Cowboys hosting the No. 7 Baylor Bears on Monday night. Not a college hoops fan? No problem, this offer is good for any BetMGM sports market. BetMGM bonus code NPBONUS lets new users get up to $1,000 in bonus bets. If you were to make a $250 bet that loses – you would still get back $250 in bet credits with the bonus code. This works for any amount up to $1,000. If you’re new to the sports betting game, BetMGM’s new customer offer lets you get started without worrying about losing money. Monday’s college basketball schedule brings us a good game in the Big 12, with the Oklahoma State Cowboys hosting the No. 7 Baylor Bears. This is expected to be a tight game in Stillwater, as the Cowboys are fighting to stay in the mix for the NCAA Tournament while the Bears are looking to improve their seeding in the big dance. BetMGM Sportsbook favors Baylor by 1.5 points on the road, and I think the Bears are the play here even though they’ll be in a hostile road environment. Baylor is just the better team and played some of its best basketball of the season when it beat No. 9 Texas on Saturday. The Bears did lose talented freshman Keyonte George to an ankle injury in the win over the Longhorns, but he left six minutes into the game and Baylor was still able to win thanks to double-digit scoring efforts from Jalen Bridges, Adam Flagler, and Flo Thamba. George will not play tonight. Oklahoma State, on the other hand, is in the midst of a four-game losing skid and needs a win badly to stay on the NCAA Tournament bubble. The desperate Cowboys will bring a spirited effort, but I think the Bears’ depth and experience will be enough to win on the road, so back Baylor on BetMGM with bonus code NPBONUS. New and existing players. Must be 21+. AZ, CO, DC, IA, IL, IN, KS, LA, MD, MI, NJ, TN, VA, PA, WV, WY only. Full T&C apply.. One of the easiest ways to get yourself a load of bet credits is through BetMGM’s very generous “refer a friend” scheme. BetMGM allows bettors to refer up to 20 friends, with both getting a $50 bonus. Your friend will need to make their first deposit and place their $50 bonus on any sport at odds of -200 or greater in order for you to claim your bonus. For Ohio: 21+ and present in OH. Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER.