At least four people were shot, one fatally, as a weekend of violence continued in The Big Apple late Saturday, police and sources said. There have been at least 20 shootings or stabbings in all five of the city’s boroughs in just the last two days causing at least three deaths. The bloodshed resumed Saturday night when a man was fatally shot at a Harlem smoke shop near the busy intersection at 125th Street and Fifth Avenue shortly after 10 p.m., police and sources said. Police sources said the man was declared dead at the scene. A trail of blood was splattered on the sidewalk outside of the Shake Shack across the street from the Level Up Exotics smoke shop. “The guy was bleeding over there,” said one witness, gesturing towards the sidewalk outside of the restaurant. “I saw them try to give him CPR. He was bleeding like crazy,” they said. Nijam, an employee at Kennedy Fried Chicken which is also at the intersection, said he heard shouting followed by a single gunshot. “It’s dangerous. There is too much crazy people here,” he said about the area. Just blocks away at the same time, a female was shot near 125th Street and 2nd Avenue, according to police. “I was taking care of a customer and I saw this woman and she was shot in the chest,” BP gas station attendant Mohammed Sayer told The Post. She told him through tears that she had been shot, while clutching her chest. She was shot somewhere nearby and then walked to the gas station, Sayer said. “I’m very scared of this area. There is a lot of crime here,” he said through bulletproof glass. In the Bronx, a man was shot near 55 E. 196th St. in the Jerome Park neighborhood around 9:40 p.m., cops said. Another man was shot in Staten Island at 121 Norway Avenue around 11:15 p.m., police said. Additionally, a 29-year-old man was slashed in the neck in Brooklyn, cops said. According to police, the victim was stabbed at 3202 Church Street in East Flatbush around 9:38 p.m. He was transported to King’s County Hospital in grave condition. The suspect, a male dressed in all black, fled the scene on foot, police said. Over a 15 hour period from Friday afternoon and early Saturday morning, two people were killed and 13 others were shot or slashed across four boroughs.