For all the rainy days ahead, there’s nothing better to have in your wardrobe than a quality rain jacket. Much like a sports jacket, they’ll keep you warm and even stylish, taking you from sprinkles to drizzles to thunder. Trends may continue to change and evolve, but there’s one thing that’s for certain — a rain jacket will always be a necessity. That doesn’t mean you can’t make it stylish though! There are practically endless fits, colors, prints and fabrics to choose from that are waterproof and, most importantly, fashionable. Wherever you’re trekking to, rest assured that this trusty outerwear staple will be one of your best (and most practical) purchases. Since the weather can be unpredictable, we rounded up the best men’s rain jackets and coats of 2023 for you to snag ASAP. We scoured the reviews to put together a list (with pros and cons noticed by reviewers) from budget-friendly picks like Amazon and Target to more luxe options such as Nordstrom and Bloomingdale’s. We guarantee these picks will have you staying dry and looking super fly. With over 25,000 rave Amazon reviews, there’s no doubt the Columbia Watertight II Jacket is a total snag. It comes in practically every color you can think of, spans from sizes small to four XL tall and has a classic fit that anyone (and any age) would wear well. Step out in the rain (the bold way) with the Champion Packable Recycled Jacket. It has the flagship logo we all know and love, as well as a breathable hood and a giant center pocket to keep your hands warm and smartphone safe. In its entirety, the rain jacket leans sporty. Carhartt, without a doubt, is one of our favorite brands. Specifically, its Rain Defender Jacket comes in some shades that are less than $100 and looks incredibly high-end (without the through-the-roof price tag, of course). Plus, like your favorite flannel, it has a more relaxed cut. The Amazon Essentials brand is one to look into, and its Lightweight Water-Resistant Packable Puffer Jacket is no exception. It’s incredibly breathable, comes in the color you’re looking for and has a near-turtleneck collar to really keep you warm. The size range is also exceptional going from XS-6XL big tall. With a name like Tommy Hilfiger, you know it has to be good. Its Waterproof Breathable Hooded Jacket has an easy-to-wear zipper closure, is machine-washable (always a plus) and has the signature TF logo on the chest. For less than $50, designer never looked so good. Top-rated (and for a good reason), the L.L.Bean Cresta Stretch Rain Jacket is a thoughtful splurge for yourself or for a loved one. Its size range spans to XXXL, it features a waterproof and breathable shell with an impressive four-way stretch design and looks handsome for any type of wear. Traditional and timeless, you can’t beat Goodfellow & Co.’s Lightweight Rain Jacket for just $30. Its two-tone gray color makes it one of our favorites on this list, along with a breathable, lightweight hood and flattering fit. Looking for a unique pattern? The Rokka & Rolla Windbreaker Anorak Rain Jacket is a snazzy outerwear piece for the season that’s less than $25. Its size range spans up to 2XL and it has breathable mesh lining to keep you calm, cool and collected. For the athletic type, the On Weather Tech Jacket is exactly what you should add to your shopping cart. Not only does it have an adjustable hood and visor, but there’s even a zip chest pocket. Plus, its taped seams make it great for heading to the gym. We haven’t met a more cult-classic than the J.Crew Brunswick Rain Jacket. We adore the teal and navy colorway, especially for its button detailing, ample exterior pockets and seamless look. Apt for any guy in your life, it’s a winner. The lululemon Outpour StretchSeal Jacket is a splurge, though a great one at that. Uniquely, it’s designed for “on the move” wear, whether you’re off running errands or wanting to take a walk around the park. You’ll appreciate its classic fit and hip-length design, too. For more of a coat-like fit, consider The North Face’s M66 Utility Rain Jacket. For $200, it boasts both a waterproof and breathable design, along with a fit its reviewers love. Impressively, it’s made from 100% recycled materials, so you’ll feel good about your purchase. Think of this style as the modern yellow rain jacket in a toned down shade and shorter length. The lightweight is versatile enough to wear on spring windy days with your jeans or to protect you during that forecasted drizzle when you’re walking into work. For more coverage, Eddie Bauer’s Mainstay 2.0 Insulated Trench is the long rain jacket you need in your life. It’s insulated to keep you warm and protected against downpours, snow fall and windy days. Since it’s made from high quality materials, it’ll last you a lifetime making it worth the high price tag. If you’re looking for a running rain jacket, Under Armour has found the perfect balance of waterproof and lightweight with this design. We love the red shade as it’ll really make you pop, but it also comes in a few neutral shades as well. There’s also a mesh lining for added ventilation to keep you cool whether you’re going for a walk or you morning run. Nike updated their classic design with some fun color block options (including this fun teal shade) and water repellent material and back vents that’ll keep you dry and regulate your temperature, but in style, of course. Anyone who loves the outdoors understands the importance of a multipurpose jacket. Not only will this Helly Hansen prevent rain from soaking your clothes, but it’s also windproof and breathable, allowing you to hike, bike, run and more without needing to shed the layer. We’re in love with the soft mauve shade of Patagonia’s hooded rain jacket. While there are many other colors to choose from, let’s face it, everything looks better in pink. It’s not just color that has earned it a spot on our list, but the fact that it uses a chemical-free water repelling agent and is breathable to keep you cozy (and, most importantly, dry). Running rain jackets are not all made equally, but orange you glad we found this one? It’s features the well-known GORE-TEX fabric with GORE C-KNIT backer technology — meaning it’s really waterproof and warm. What’s notable is how it’s designed for all-season wear to keep you warm whether you’re jogging in rain, sleet or snow. You’ll look like the embodiment of sunshine in this soft yellow rain jacket, which will be needed on those overcast rainy days. Add some color to your rainwear collection and enjoy the adjustable hood and cuffs to lock water out,  a slim fit and GORE-TEX water repelling material (with no toxic chemicals may we add) to keep you dry and cozy. The last thing you want is to feel restricted in your rain jacket, but, thankfully, Black Diamond came out with this StormLine Stretch Rain Shell. Not only does the design move with you, but the BD.dry material cause rain droplets to bead up and fall right off the shell — a.k.a no moisture seeping through. Plus, just look at that trendy green color! For more content, check out the New York Post Shopping section.