A man accused of raping LSU student Madison Brooks and a 12-year-old girl has been charged in a third rape — hit with the sexual assault of a woman he met at the same bar where Brooks socialized before later being fatally struck by a car. Kaivon Washington, 18, allegedly attacked the victim woman he and Karson Jones met in August 2022 in the parking lot of Reggie’s bar in East Baton Rouge, The Advocate reported. The victim asked Jones, who was a previous acquaintance of hers, if she could sleep at his home because she was too drunk to drive, court documents cited by the outlet stated. The woman later had sex with Jones, who became aggressive, pinned her down and refused her demands to stop before Washington allegedly “joined the act” by groping her, according to the documents. Washington and Jones were both charged with first-degree rape. The victim showed investigators text messages from Washington in which he apologized for touching her, blaming Jones for pulling his hands over to her. A day after Washington was released on bond for third-degree rape of Brook, he was charged with first-degree rape for allegedly sexually assaulting a 12-year-old girl in May or June 2020. In that case, Washington was accused of raping the child for about 30 minutes after she left a birthday party to go swimming at an apartment complex in Livingston Parish. Washington’s lawyer Ron Haley cited “several concerns” with the latest charge — including that the investigation began about five months after the incident. “First, like the matter in Livingston, the ‘follow-up’ investigation took place on or about 1/25/23. Secondly, the date of incident on Mr. Washington’s warrant is different from his co-defendant,” he said in a statement to WAFB. “Third, in the warrant for his co-defendant it does not mention anything regarding intoxication. It states the victim was having consensual sex with his co-defendant in the presence of Mr. Washington,” Haley wrote. “Finally, the victim never accused Mr. Washington of having sexual intercourse with her, thus we are curious as to why he was charged with rape,” he added. Haley has also pointed at the timing of a witness stepping forward, telling investigators she saw Washington go into a room with the 12-year-old girl. “Mr. Washington and his mother cooperated with the investigation two years ago, and law enforcement took no action,” he said last month. “Upon the review of the new statement from a witness that came forward yesterday, we are concerned not only of the timing of this statement, but whether it meets the threshold of probable cause,” Haley added. Washington and a 17-year-old boy have been charged with raping Brooks in the back of a car after a night of drinking at Reggie’s, while Everett Lee, 28, and Casen Carver, 18, were charged with principle to third-degree rape — meaning they witnessed the alleged assault but did not participate. Brooks — who police say had a blood-alcohol level of 0.319 percent, four times the legal driving limit – was dumped from the car — and after stumbling onto a street, was fatally hit by another vehicle, officials said. None of the suspects are students at LSU.