Madonna isn’t “Hung up” on fellow pop star Pink. Pink told Howard Stern “Madonna doesn’t like me,” on his SiriusXM radio show on Wednesday, February 22. The “So What” singer joined Stern’s show to discuss her new album “Trustfall,” her “Summer Carnival 2.0” concert tour and her relationship with the Queen of Pop. The interview took an unexpected turn when Stern asked 43-year-old Pink about her dynamic with 64-year-old Madonna. Pink explained that Madonna is a “polarizing individual,” like herself. She added that Madonna reportedly isn’t fond of her. “Why wouldn’t she like you?” Stern asked the crooner. Pink explained, “she tried to kind of play me on ‘Regis & Kelly,’ and I’m not the one, so it didn’t work out.” Pink recalls it being “such a silly story” because “I f—ing love Madonna, and I love her no matter what. I still love her. She was such an inspiration to me.” However, when the ladies finally got together, the meet and greet “got twisted around that I was fangirling and was dying to meet Madonna when, in actuality, she invited me to her dressing room.” “So, I just said a joke when Regis brought me out and was like, ‘How does it feel to meet? I heard you’re just falling over yourself backstage.’ I’m like, ‘I thought she wanted to meet me.'” Madonna did not take well to her sense of humor, so the friendship “didn’t work out for us,” explained Pink. Stern made light of the feud, saying “I got a surprise for you, Madonna’s here and she’s going to fight you.” Pink laughed at Stern’s joke but it doesn’t seem like she’ll be serenading Madonna with “What About Us” anytime soon. Even though things never worked out for their friendship, Pink still has love for her musical inspiration. Earlier this week, she clapped back at people’s ageist and misogynistic comments about Madonna’s appearance at the 2023 Grammy Awards. “Let’s just give the people the respect they deserve and have earned, and be a bit nicer. Can we all be a bit nicer? I want to be nicer, to myself and others,” she told Mirror UK. “When a person walks out, the first thing I think is not, ‘Holy s — t did you see their face?’ I don’t think like that. I think, ‘Holy s — t, that person has been amazing for so long.'”