Could the Dallas Cowboys move on from Dak Prescott and seek another option under center? Sports Illustrated’s Mike Fisher has been covering the Cowboys since 1990 and caused some shock waves on Monday when he reported the Cowboys were “intrigued” by quarterback C.J. Stroud — a Heisman finalist this past season. Cowboys owner Jerry Jones has been adamant  about Prescott being “their guy.” Dallas is set to pick 26th in this year’s NFL Draft. “I don’t know the ‘how,”’ an NFL source said, according to Fisher. “But [Dallas is] absolutely intrigued by Stroud.” If the Cowboys were to go all-in and pursue the Ohio State quarterback, it would likely mean they’d have to include Prescott in a trade to move up high enough in the draft. Based on what their ownership has alluded to about Prescott, this seems almost unfathomable and a risky move by the organization. But here’s why it could make sense. First, it’s highly unlikely the Cowboys would enter next season with both quarterbacks on their roster. Prescott is on a four-year, $160 million deal and will become a free agent in 2025. He will see his cap charge increase to $52.13 million next year. The Cowboys 2023 draft picks don’t exactly scream trade value, with their best picks being 26th, 58th, and 90th overall. Depending how much potential intrigue they have in Stroud, they could make a move for a top-three pick in the draft with Prescott being the main asset of the trade. The Post’s Steve Serby has Stroud going No. 1 overall to the Colts in his first mock draft. Going from a nearly $50-million-a-year quarterback to one with a rookie deal would give Dallas tons of financial flexibility to add some weapons to pair with receiver CeeDee Lamb. But for this to happen, the Cowboys would be making a serious leap of faith. After a disappointing regular season loss to Michigan, Stroud regained NFL scouts’ attention with his performance against Georgia in the College Football Playoffs semifinals. Despite losing 42-41, Georgia’s daunting defense had no answer for the quarterback. He  had 384 yards and four touchdowns and made big throws all night. But something that stood out was his ability to extend plays with his legs, which he didn’t show much of during the season. Stroud finished the season with 3,688 yards passing, 41 touchdowns, and just six interceptions. Prescott on the other hand, did not leave the best taste in Cowboys fans’ mouths the last time he took the field. He threw two crucial interceptions in a 19-12 loss to the 49ers in the divisional playoff round. While the Cowboys trading Prescott is certainly far-fetched, stranger things have happened in the NFL offseason.