An anonymous, self-proclaimed “high-profile art world family” posted an incredulous job listing for an executive assistant with shocking job duties that has industry insiders both amused and appalled. “The ideal candidate must be dedicated to a simple goal: make life easier for the couple in every way possible,” the executive assistant job posting discovered by the blog Filthy Dreams stated. The since-deleted post listed off outlandish tasks like serving as “the central point of communication to household staff (includes chef, nannies, landscapers, dog walkers, housekeeper, contractors and building managers).” Candidates would need to “coordinate all cleaning, repairs and guests stays,” tend to a rooftop garden, and create “detailed travel itineraries for family to follow” on domestic and international trips. The family also expected the executive assistant to “manage dog systems,” meaning ensuring “potty breaks, food, day care, dog walkers, vet appts.” Emily Colucci, a freelance art writer who runs Filthy Dreams, titled her article about the ad “I found it: The worst art job listing ever created.” “It’s just a total lack of self-awareness,” she told the New York Times. “So of course I saw it and I laughed, ‘cause it’s hilarious.” Painter Emily Mae Smith, who employs her own studio assistants,said the ad was “completely bonkers” in an interview with the Times. “‘We want you to be a personal assistant, we want you to be an executive assistant, but we also want you to do all kinds of liaising with our staff,’ which sounds to me like three jobs. Oh, and babysitting?” Smith said. The job listing mentions occasionally being left alone with the family’s 4-year-old child. Some believed the posting was a well-written joke. “Many people thought it was an art world parody,” Whitehot Magazine publisher Noah Becker told the Times. Several former assistants said the job duties aren’t that far off from reality. “The tasks aren’t that uncommon for what someone of a high-caliber financial situation would want,” said film producer Rebecca Greene, who was formerly employed as a Hollywood A-lister’s assistant. “It’s just not typically written out that way, which is sort of intense.” The job listing offered a salary range of $65,000 to $95,000 and required the chosen applicant to be available outside normal working hours and occasionally on weekends. 