Taylor Swift is used to making awards-show history. In 2021, the “Anti-Hero” singer became the first woman to win the Album of the Year Grammy three times. Last August, she became the first artist to take home Video of the Year three times at the MTV Video Music Awards. And in November, she broke her own record for the most American Music Awards victories, extending her trophy haul from 34 to 40. Now, at the 2023 Grammy Awards — which will be held at the Crypo.com Arena on Sunday night — the 33-year-old pop superstar is making a different kind of history. With her Song of the Year nomination for “All Too Well (10 Minute Version) (The Short Film),” Swift has become the first artist to get a nod in the prestigious category for revamping one of her old songs. When first released on her “Red” album in 2012, “All Too Well” was five minutes long, but when Swift re-recorded this take for 2021’s “Red (Taylor’s Version),” she restored the song to its original 10-minute length with additional lyrics and musical elements. The song is thought to be about her breakup with actor Jake Gyllenhaal, who is nine years her senior.  “And I, left my scarf there at your sister’s house/And you’ve still got it in your drawer even now,” she sings. But while Swift should be applauded for taking ownership of her songs back by re-recording them — after she was blocked from purchasing her own masters — this is tricky territory when it comes to the Song of the Year award (which, oddly, the singer has never won in five previous nominations). It sets a dubious precedent when covers have not been eligible to be submitted for Song of the Year consideration. Record of the Year winners from Whitney Houston’s “Greatest Love of All” and “I Will Always Love You” to Natalie Cole’s “Unforgettable” duet with Nat King Cole were automatically out of contention for Song of the Year. But isn’t Swift essentially covering herself on “All Too Well (10 Minute Version) (The Short Film)”? And even if Swift is somehow getting around the remake rule with those additional lyrics, it certainly goes against the spirit of the Grammys not considering songs that were released in a previous eligibility period. Bottom line: I don’t think there’s any way you can consider “All Too Well (10 Minute Version) (The Short Version)” a brand-new song. And more eyebrows will certainly be raised if Swift wins Song of the Year on Sunday night. Still, this takes nothing away from the 11-time Grammy winner‘s achievement. And you gotta admit — it was a genius move. But the Grammys might be better off if Swift’s first Song of the Year gramophone comes next year, when she’s already a frontrunner for “Anti-Hero.”