Rob Gronjowski’s “Kick of Destiny” was a fail. During the first-ever live Super Bowl commercial with FanDuel Sportsbook, the retired tight end missed the much-anticipated field goal kick. Gronkowski attempted the kick from 25 yards out, according to Sports Business Journal, which is eight yards closer than an NFL extra point attempt. FanDuel Sportsbook ran a promotion during its commercial with Gronkowski, promising to give away $10 million in free bets to fans if his kick attempt was successful. During the commercial, FanDuel surprised fans who placed a wager of at least $5 on Super Bowl 2023 by still honoring the deal despite Gronkowski missing the kick. “Juuuuust a bit outside,” FanDuel Sportsbook tweeted about the kick. “Gronk’s kick was no good, but we’re still giving everyone who qualified a piece of $10,000,000 in Bonus Bets!” The commercial spot, which was titled, “Rob Gronkowski’s Kick of Destiny,” aired during the third quarter of Super Bowl 2023. The kick did not occur at State Farm Stadium, where the Eagles and Chiefs are facing off, and instead was filmed at an undisclosed location in the Phoenix area. Gronkowski’s girlfriend, Sports Illustrated Swimsuit model Camille Kostek took to her Instagram Story to share a photo with the four-time Super Bowl winner on the set of the commercial. “Almost go time!!!!” Kostek caption the photo, which showed Gronkowski in a white and blue FanDuel football uniform. In a commercial teasing the kick, Gronkowski prepared with help from former Patriots kicker Adam Vinatieri. His training included weightlifting and carrying a large log up a set of bleachers. The teaser footage showed the football hitting the goal post on multiple attempts. Gronkowski — who calls himself the “MVP of Fun” — hosted his “Gronk Beach” music festival in Phoenix on Saturday. The star-studded beach-themed party featured performances by 21 Savage, Lil Jon and Diplo. This year’s event introduced a celebrity volleyball pool competition at Talking Stick Resort that included Kostek and 49ers wide receiver Deebo Samuel. Gronkowski has sold out his “Ground Beach” event in 2020 (Miami) and 2022 (Las Vegas). Gronkowski, a second-round pick by the Patriots in 2010, retired in 2019. He then returned to the NFL to reunite with Tom Brady for a final Super Bowl run with the Buccaneers in 2020 before retiring a second time in June.