Apple TV+ will not bring back Katie Nolan or Melanie Newman and will move to two-person booths for its MLB Friday Night doubleheaders, The Post has learned. As part of the changes in its second season of covering baseball, Apple is expected to hire Fox Sports’ Dontrelle Willis, according to sources, as a new game analyst. Wayne Randazzo will return as a play-by-player. Randazzo left the Mets for Angels TV offseason. He called a handful of games for Apple last year. Apple is still figuring out its other play-by-player and game analyst, but has determined it will simplify its approach after going with three-person booths in its inaugural year. Yahoo baseball columnist Hannah Keyser called games with Newman and Chris Young during the first half of last season. Apple and MLB executives liked Nolan’s partners, Stephen Nelson and Hunter Pence. Nelson has taken a job to work local Dodgers broadcasts, which makes it difficult to regularly call Friday nights for Apple. Pence remains a possibility, but may not want to do every week, like he did last year. Young also remains in the mix. When reached, Apple chose not to comment. Newman will continue on MLB Network and with the Orioles. As for Nolan, an ex-ESPN and FS1 personality, it is not shocking she is not returning. In late November, on Kenny Mayne’s podcast, she sort of panned the idea that her comedic skills were fit to be an analyst in the booth. “When I found out what it was, I was like, ‘Are they confused? Do they know what I do?’” Nolan said to Mayne, as transcribed by Awful Announcing. “What it was and how crazy of an idea it was, combined with the secrecy really had me like, ‘Something’s up. They’re joking, this is a mistake.’ Somebody unsealed the wrong document. This isn’t the one they meant to give me because this says in the booth and that’s just not a thing.’ “And then I got on the phone with them and they sold me on the idea of me. They sold me on the idea of this vision they had for a baseball booth. As with most things that start as visions, they don’t always end up being executed the same way.”