A New Jersey electrician is suspected of fatally shooting his beautician wife and their two teenage kids Sunday morning before turning the gun on himself, cops and neighbors said. Authorities have not released the identities or exact ages of the victims in the apparent slay-suicide in Linden in Union County. One of the children – the couple’s teen son – initially survived the shooting that killed his mom and teenage sister, according to ABC7.  But the boy died hours later at University Hospital in Newark, Linden police said in a statement. A neighbor, Digna Alvarez, told the outlet she was home with her sister-in-law when the relative heard a child screaming. “She heard somebody was screaming, but she was thinking someone was playing with the dog, and then no more,” Alvarez said. There is no threat to the public, Linden Police spokesman Capt. Christopher Guenther told NJ.com after the slayings. Neighbors told TV outlets that the father worked as an electrician, while his wife was a beautician. The couple, who moved into the home in 2007, were friendly and walked their dog around the neighborhood, the residents said. “Never had any problems, any fights – nothing,” Alvarez insisted. “Very nice people. Whenever you needed help, they helped us.” But a female resident who spoke on conditon of anonymity told ABC that the dad would sometimes shoot his gun in the backyard, leading to police visits. “But never would I believe he would do something like that,” she said. Linden Mayor Derek Armstead wrote in a Facebook post, “This morning, Linden suffered another tragedy. “There simply are no words to describe the trauma, heartbreak and sorrow that we are all experiencing.” Police taped streets off about a block from the house as investigators continued their work, NJ.com said. The beige bungalow in which the gruesome crime was committed sits near a neighborhood park that has basketball courts and a playground. If you are struggling with suicidal thoughts or are experiencing a mental health crisis and live in New York City, you can call 1-888-NYC-WELL for free and confidential crisis counseling. If you live outside the five boroughs, you can dial the 24/7 National Suicide Prevention hotline at 988 or go to SuicidePreventionLifeline.org.