The Issue: Claims made by President Biden during his State of the Union speech on Tuesday. Tuesday evening, I witnessed the most disingenuous, fact-bending speech — and it passed for the State of the Union (“Joe Lie-den,” Feb. 8). President Biden, facing an ever-increasing disapproval rating, doubled down on attacking the Republicans and blaming them for disasters he caused. His supposedly forceful handling of China, especially after the spy-balloon debacle, had many questioning his stance. The State of the Union speech is supposed to inform Americans of that which will unite us and help us reach security and economic success in the future. Instead, it was a mean-spirited diatribe by an old, visibly impaired and clueless president. It only reinforced our belief that he is detached from reality and not actively running the government. Anthony Bruno Smithtown It was a well-written speech. The only problem? It was mostly false, and Biden is good at repeating lies and making up stories. Most Americans know Biden needs to stop selling the country his BS. Our country is not in a good place right now, and with two more years of Biden, it’s only going to get worse. Joseph Meyers Neptune City, NJ Biden might be old and stumble over words, but he was sharp enough to fool Republicans into screaming that he was lying and then cheering that Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid won’t be touched. But some Republicans do want to sunset Social Security. Sen. Rick Scott wrote such a proposal, ran on it against Sen. Mitch McConnell for minority leader of the Senate and received 10 Republican votes. Sen. Mike Lee told a group that phasing these programs out was the reason he was running. But what can one expect from the party that attached itself to Trump? Randall Borra The Bronx When Biden said, “Let’s finish the job,” he could have added “of destroying America.” He has a lousy 44% approval rating. He is a decrepit, lying, racist, mentally challenged career politician who has accomplished nothing in more than a half-century in the federal government (besides enriching himself and his family by leveraging his political position). I’m reminded of a quote by President Harry S Truman, a Democrat no less: “Show me a man that gets rich by being a politician, and I’ll show you a crook.” Louie Rey Summerville, SC I watched the State of the Union speech given by our 80-year-old president, and I agree with The Post that every other word that came out of his mouth was either a lie or a twisted statement of the facts. How could anyone in their right mind believe that the state of the union is “strong” when we all know that this country is spiraling into the abyss? It is mainly he and his cackling vice president who have caused all the misery in this country. The greatest contrast to Biden came when Gov. Sarah Huckabee Sanders gave the rebuttal, which was totally coherent and inspiring. She, and others like her (such as Gov. Ron DeSantis), are the new generation who should be running this country — not some old man who is totally beholden to the crazy, woke left. Richard A. Ketay Newark, NJ How is the state of our union strong? Biden has spent our way into inflation, which now stands at 6.5%. Gas prices are still too high; grocery prices are through the roof; 401(k) retirement accounts are in the toilet. Biden’s response is to say he inherited high inflation and gas prices. That’s two lies. Like a third grader, he blames everything on someone else (in this case Trump). This weak, impotent occupant of the Oval Office is not respected by foreign governments. Our southern border is a mess. This Weekend-at-Bernie’s experiment has got to come to an end. America was doing much better under former President Donald Trump. David DiBello Bay Ridge Want to weigh in on today’s stories? Send your thoughts (along with your full name and city of residence) to letters@nypost.com. Letters are subject to editing for clarity, length, accuracy and style.