Daniel Jones to the Jets is likely the square that many don’t have on their NFL offseason Bingo boards — unless you’re Tiki Barber. When discussing the Jets’ offseason search for a veteran quarterback, Barber floated the notion that Jones, a soon-to-be free agent, “is more valuable” to Gang Green than his current Giants team. “If the Jets get stuck with nobody … the guy who is across the town, Daniel Jones, is more valuable to them than he is to the New York Giants,” Barber told his co-host, Brandon Tierney on WFAN. Jones, who is coming off an impressive fourth season in New York, which included a postseason berth and one playoff win, recently changed representation to Athletes First from Creative Artists Agency as contract negotiations with the Giants begin. The Post’s Ryan Dunleavy reported Sunday that talks between both sides “got off to a much bumpier start than expected,” while a source told Pro Football Talk that Jones “wants more than the Giants have offered,” potentially in the $45 million-per-year ballpark. Jones, the sixth overall pick in the 2019 NFL Draft, is also a product of an older Giants regime before head coach Brian Daboll and GM Joe Schoen took over last January, a point Barber highlighted in his explanation. “They didn’t draft Daniel Jones. They still got a lot of pieces they got to get in place before they’re viable — before they can even beat the Eagles,” Barber said. “Daniel Jones makes a lot of sense for the Jets, as crazy as it sounds.” Although the Jets improved to 7-10 this year following a dismal 4-13 campaign in 2021, the team is looking to add a veteran at the quarterback position following Zach Wilson’s struggles in his sophomore season. Tierney added that Jones’ skillset “matches what this team needs.” In the realm of compensation, however, Tierney doesn’t believe the Jets should put two first-round picks on the table for Jones. “I like Daniel Jones, he ain’t worth two first-round picks,” Tierney said, noting he would give up two first-rounders for Ravens quarterback Lamar Jackson, whose future in Baltimore remains murky. Barber, who spent the entirety of his NFL career with the Giants, then presented the case for dealing picks if Jones is considered the answer at quarterback. “If you can trade a draft pick or two for a quarterback, who could be your future, and you’re desperate to win now, as well as when in the future, Daniel Jones fits the mold,” he said. So far this offseason, the Jets have been linked to Packers quarterback Aaron Rodgers, who has been the subject of trade speculation, and former Raiders quarterback Derek Carr, whom the Jets hosted over the weekend.