The good news for Bo Horvat is twofold. First and foremost, the on-ice transition to the Islanders has been utterly seamless. Second, the Isles handled the mountain of immigration paperwork that comes with transporting a family of four from Vancouver to Long Island. “They make my life a lot easier,” Horvat told Sports+ this week. “I just gotta show up at the rink and my family’s gotta show up, too. It’s not too complicated. I got my working visa, happy with that.” A tad over three weeks since becoming an Islander, Horvat’s world is finally starting to spin a little bit more slowly. He is no longer surrounded by a throng of media each day in the locker room. He has signed an eight-year contract extension with the Islanders to ensure his future. And he’s meshed easily with his teammates. His impact, in the room and on the ice, has been obvious to see. Horvat has scored four times and picked up three assists in nine games with the Islanders, including setting up the game-winner in Wednesday night’s 2-1 win over the Jets. Now that Mat Barzal is hurt, the Isles will be leaning on Horvat even more. So that is all going great. But there is the practical task of picking up and moving across the continent on a dime, in the middle of the busy time for Horvat’s job. Horvat and his wife, Holly Donaldson, have two young children — thankfully young enough that finding a school on Long Island was not an immediate concern — and nearly a decade’s worth of roots in Vancouver. So there is the not-so-small matter of where everyone should live. “They just moved out [here] for the rest of the season,” Horvat said. “It’s nice to have them around. I miss those little buggers a lot.” The Horvats have started looking for a house, but haven’t yet bought. For the time being, they are holed up in a Long Island hotel. There’s no edict to wait on buying a home until the end of the season, when Horvat’s schedule will free up, but there’s no rush, either. Even the nicest hotel, though, is not the easiest place to be for an extended period of time. And Horvat had to come out on his own for a few weeks before the rest of the family could join him. “It’s been difficult,” Horvat said. “The team’s been an easy transition, but it’s never easy moving a family. … That makes it a little more at home [to have them here].” After failing to agree with the Canucks on a contract extension over the summer, it became evident Horvat would be on the move after Vancouver signed J.T. Miller to a seven-year, $56 million deal in September — cap space they would have needed to allot to Horvat in order to keep him. Particularly in a media market such as Vancouver, that meant an eventual trade became a drawn-out, largely public process. It probably didn’t help that the Canucks’ organizational missteps became a sideshow, making Bruce Boudreau walk the plank as head coach over the course of months before finally firing him and hiring Rick Tocchet. Being able to assume a trade eventually would come did allow Horvat and Donaldson the time to discuss what their life could look like in different NHL cities. “Tons of conversations of, ‘If we do get traded, where are we gonna live? How are we gonna do it? Where are we gonna go?’ ” Horvat said. “So the not knowing, it was tough, but once it happened, we jumped on it right away. It made it all easier.” And now? “There’s still odds and ends and stress,” Horvat said. “But for me to know that I’m gonna be here for the next eight years and know that we can kinda settle in instead of the unknown was the biggest thing for the entire year. That made it a lot easier that way.” Lane Lambert switched up his defense pairs for the win over the Jets, but not in the way we called for him to do last week. Adam Pelech skated with Scott Mayfield and Alexander Romanov with Ryan Pulock, while Noah Dobson stayed with Sebastian Aho. Just a few days ago, Lambert said he didn’t want to split up Pelech and Pulock, and with good reason. The Islanders are rightly wary of playing the two of them apart, and it will be interesting to see whether this configuration lasts that long. On Wednesday, though, it worked out. “The matchups, Winnipeg’s got a heavy team, they’ve got some big forwards, and I thought the shuffle that we did was well-warranted,” Lambert said. “And I thought they played well.” This is not new but worth stressing: Dobson skated just 13:23 at even strength. Time on the power play makes up for that, but consigning Dobson to the third pair when the Islanders struggle so much to break the puck out continues to feel self-defeating. The third line of Arnaud Durandeau, Casey Cizikas and Hudson Fasching did not score, but finished with a 4-2 shot margin and was the only Islanders trio with an expected goals percentage over 50 percent. Durandeau, who made his NHL debut Monday against Pittsburgh, has given a strong account of himself over two games. He has been in the right areas, done the right thing with the puck and found himself in scoring positions more than once. It is a matter of time before he breaks onto the scoresheet if this keeps up. The power play is where the Islanders are missing Barzal the most. The first unit resembled the form it was in during its 3-for-64 nadir for stretches on Wednesday, and the second unit is vastly depleted. The Islanders can’t survive another extended power-play drought. Ilya Sorokin deserves plaudits for his progress in learning English. His post-game session with reporters Wednesday was another example of how far he has come. It is not an easy thing to come halfway around the world as an adult and need to learn a new alphabet and language essentially from scratch. Sorokin has been accessible and put himself into potentially vulnerable public situations, and carried himself admirably in doing so.