Pamela Anderson believes Tommy Lee is still her “one true love.” Anderson, 55, allegedly texted her ex-husband before her Netflix documentary “Pamela, a love story” aired to clear the air and let him know her true feelings, according to TMZ. In the texts, the “Baywatch” star told Lee, 60, that the paparazzi were to blame for the end of their relationship and that their family was “so cute” when they were raising their sons together. The Mötley Crüe drummer allegedly has not responded to the texts. The Post has reached out to Anderson’s reps for comment. TMZ claims sources have told them two different sides of the purpose behind the texts. A source close to Anderson said she has “zero intention” of breaking up Lee’s marriage to Brittany Furlan, 36, and only wants to express her appreciation for their history together — not to get back together. Meanwhile, a source close to Lee claims that he and Furlan believe Anderson is trying to get back with him even though she’s been presenting herself as respectful of his current marriage. Anderson has apparently been repeatedly texting Lee ever since he proposed to Furlan with flirty messages saying she still loves him, she thinks they’ll end up together when they’re old and apologizes for things that happened in the past — but he doesn’t reply. The outlet said that Anderson’s most recent message to Lee was right before her documentary dropped on Netflix in January, saying she was heartbroken over their divorce and apologizing for hurting him. Lee’s sources claim that he wants Anderson to find love with someone else and move on — and the texts messages “trigger” him and his wife. Some of the texts surfaced online, with one “gossip activist” on TikTok posting a video of them, which has gained 175,200 views as of Thursday morning. “I only have good things to say about you — esp in hindsight I realize I only had one true love,” part of the text message said. “It’s a true love story.” The text messages in the video also show Anderson sending Lee pictures of her from her Instagram. Furlan recently got caught up in drama surrounding Anderson with a since-deleted TikTok in which she suggested Anderson wouldn’t care if she died — but the social media personality told Page Six that “people mistook” her joke and that it was taken “the wrong way.” “[They] thought I was making a joke about her dying instead of myself,” she exclusively told Page Six. Furlan shared a video with a “’90s Pam Makeup” filter on her face and wrote on the clip “Pam if I died.” She got a lot of backlash for the post, with many calling it “disrespectful” and “uncalled for.”