Gracie Hunt is ready for the Chiefs to “run it back” at Super Bowl 2023. Taking to Instagram on Sunday as kickoff between Kansas City and the Philadelphia Eagles got underway, the daughter of Chiefs owner Clark Hunt penned a touching message to the team, who is three years removed from its last Super Bowl win in February 2020. “Time to run it back Chiefs Kingdom!” the 23-year-old Hunt captioned the post that featured photos of her modeling a silver mini dress on the sidelines from State Farm Stadium in Glendale, Arizona. Hunt, a former Miss Kansas USA, recently spoke to The Post about her pregame plans with her dad. “I know that it means a lot to him to spend that time with the fans, so that’s something we’ll definitely be doing on Super Bowl Sunday is tailgating with our amazing Chiefs fans, so we’re really looking forward to that,” said Hunt, who was shown briefly during the game by Fox cameras. The Chiefs are looking to close out the year with a win in Arizona, just like how their season began with a dominant victory over the Cardinals in Week 1. “We’re excited to hopefully finish our season with a win in Arizona just like we started it with a win in Arizona,” Hunt told The Post. “I’m pretty sure all of Kansas City is coming to Arizona, so I hope it’s ready to be flooded with red and gold.” It’s been a memorable week for Hunt, who revealed Thursday that she is Maxim magazine’s cover star for their March/April 2023 issue. Follow the New York Post’s live updates of Super Bowl 2023 between the Kansas City Chiefs and Philadelphia Eagles for the latest score, news and analysis. “I’ve always admired the many strong, smart, successful women featured in Maxim. They have inspired me in the fearless pursuit of their careers & dreams which makes this cover so meaningful to me. It still feels surreal! Thank you so much @maximmag for the opportunity and to all of the people on the incredible team behind the shoot,” she posted on Instagram. The Eagles lead the Chiefs at the end of the first half, 21-14.