The man suspected of shooting an off-duty NYPD cop in a robbery-gone-awry was nabbed hiding out at an upstate hotel Monday, law-enforcement sources said. The 38-year-old suspect, identified by sources as Randy Jones, was with his girlfriend and her kids when he was arrested in Rockland County, sources said. Jones was hauled off in handcuffs belonging to the critically wounded cop and transported back to Brooklyn, where he arrived at the 75th Precinct shortly before 7 p.m. Monday. He wore an orange Carhartt hoodie and tan sweatpants as police led him into the station house. Sources said the suspect, who’s expected to be charged in the Saturday shooting in East New York, retained a lawyer and didn’t answer questions from investigators. The gravely wounded officer — a 26-year-old married dad of two who thought he was buying a Honda Pilot through Facebook Marketplace when he was ambushed — remains on life support at Brookdale Hospital. His suspected shooter has a lengthy criminal record and was currently being sought on a vehicle and traffic warrant dating to 2019 when nabbed, sources said. His rap sheet includes 22 busts, including for grand larceny, harassment and strangulation, sources told The Post. Police launched a massive manhunt for the accused gunman after the cop was shot in the head during the botched robbery. The officer and his brother-in-law were carrying $24,000 in cash to buy the supposed vehicle around 7 p.m. Saturday when the cowardly crook pulled a gun and opened fire. The cop’s brother-in-law grabbed the fallen officer’s gun from his holster and returned fire as the suspect jumped into a black BMW SUV and sped off. Police found the abandoned SUV on Sunday at 129th Street and Park Avenue in Harlem, where the suspect lives with his girlfriend, sources said. The BMW belongs to the alleged gunman’s mother, who lives in East New York near the shooting scene, sources said. On Monday, the department offered a $10,000 reward for the gunman. The Post is withholding the name of the wounded officer.