Eric Johnson, who played six seasons in the NFL from 2000-2005, is among eight accused of trafficking four women and one girl as well as other gang-related charges on Thursday. Attorney General Chris Carr says the “LOTTO Gang” members are facing charges of trafficking of persons for sexual servitude, violation of the street gang terrorism and prevention act, conspiracy to violate the racketeer influenced and corrupt organizations act (RICO), aggravated assault and kidnapping, per FOX 5 Atlanta. All eight were indicted by a grand jury on Feb. 8. Carr said that all eight members of the gang were uncovered following a month-long investigation. He alleges that the LOTTO gang engaged in human trafficking for money to support their members as well as purchase weapons, among other things. The indictment on the LOTTO gang is extensive, as it found 41 “predicate and overt acts” that were committed between October 2021 and July 2022. In there, it is said the gang kept women who they trafficked under control through violence and held them against their will. “Throughout our state, gangs are actively engaged in human trafficking as a primary means to make money, and we are using all available resources to fight back and protect our most vulnerable,” Carr said via FOX 5 Atlanta. “By combining the strengths of our Human Trafficking and Gang Prosecution Units, we are working to ensure that those who lead, promote and encourage this unlawful activity are vigorously pursued and held accountable for their actions. This indictment is just the latest outcome in our ongoing efforts to keep our children and our families safe as we seek to root out violent crime wherever it occurs.” Johnson, known as “EJ” in the gang, is being charged with RICO, trafficking of persons for sexual servitude and violation of the Street Gang Terrorism and Prevention Act. The 46-year-old joined the Oakland Raiders out of Nebraska, and he would spend four seasons there from 2000 to 2003. He was best known as a special teams ace with the team, and he returned Tim Johnson’s blocked punt for a touchdown in the Raiders’ Super Bowl XXXVII loss to the Tampa Bay Buccaneers in 2003. Johnson would move on to the Atlanta Falcons for a season in 2004 and then the Arizona Cardinals in 2005, which would be his final season.