A young child was pulled out alive from a collapsed building in Turkey on Monday morning after surviving a week trapped beneath a mountain of rubble from the country’s worst earthquake in modern history, as experts warned that the chances of finding more survivors are “very, very small now.” Chilling footage released by the Turkish Coal Operations Authority shows rescue workers pulling the child, identified as Miray, out from under a building in Adiyamanto that collapsed in the devastating earthquakes, which have killed at least 37,000 people in the country and neighboring Syria. The workers erupt into cheers and applause as the small child, believed to be between four and six years old, is pulled to safety after spending 178 hours trapped under rubble. Hopes of finding many more survivors in the debris have been diminishing, even as several people were pulled alive from collapsed buildings on Monday. Rescue crews saved a grandmother, mother and daughter all from a single family who had been trapped since last Monday’s 7.8 magnitude quake. Two quakes, one 7.8 and one 7.5, struck nine hours apart in southeastern Turkey and northern Syria on Feb. 6. On Monday, rescuers pulled 40-year-old Sibel Kaya from the wreckage of a 5-story building in the town of Islahiye, after she spent 170 hours beneath the rubble. Erengul Onder, 60, was also pulled out from the rubble in the town of Besni, in Adiyaman province, by teams from the western city of Manisa. “We received the news of a miracle from Besni which helped put the fire raging in our hearts a little,” wrote Manisa’s mayor Cengiz Ergun on Twitter. Eduardo Reinoso Angulo, a professor at the Institute of Engineering at the National Autonomous University of Mexico and author of a study involving earthquake deaths, said the likelihood of finding people alive was “very, very small now.” According to Reinoso, the odds of people trapped in wreckage surviving severely decrease after five days — and is nearly zero after nine days, though there have been exceptions. Severe winter temperatures have also been a cause for concern for those who are still stuck under debris and waiting to be rescued. Overnight, temperatures in the region have fallen to 21 Fahrenheit (minus 6 Celsius). Dr. Stephanie Lareau, a professor of emergency medicine at Virginia Tech, told Reuters that the way humans respond to hypothermia is shivering, but the action requires more calories than the victims of the earthquake would likely have. “So if somebody’s deprived of food for a number of days and exposed to cold temperatures, they’re probably going to succumb to hypothermia more rapidly,” Lareau said. In the week since the earthquake, tens of thousands of people who have lost their homes have found shelter in tents, stadiums and other temporary accommodations, while others have spent frigid nights outdoors. In Turkey, many are blaming the mass devastation on faulty construction, prompting authorities to investigate contractors linked to the buildings that collapsed. At least 131 people are under investigation for their alleged construction of buildings that did not withstand the quakes, officials said. Turkey has introduced construction codes that meet earthquake-engineering standards, but the codes are not usually enforced, according to experts. UN Under-Secretary-General for Humanitarian Affairs Martin Griffiths said Syrians are “looking for international help that hasn’t arrived,” during a visit to the Turkish-Syrian border on Sunday. “We have so far failed the people in northwest Syria. They rightly feel abandoned,” he said, adding, “My duty and our obligation is to correct this failure as fast as we can.” The death toll in Syria’s northwestern rebel-held region hit 2,166 over the weekend, according to the rescue group the White Helmets, making the country’s death toll 3,553. The government has reported 1,387 deaths, but their tally has not been updated in days. Turkey’s death toll was 29,605 as of Sunday. In the Syrian capital of Damascus, the head of the World Health Organization noted that the disaster was an “unfolding tragedy that’s affecting millions.” “The compounding crises of conflict, COVID, cholera, economic decline, and now the earthquake have taken an unbearable toll,” Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus said. With Post wires.