She’s no couch potato. One enterprising interior designer decided to test out a viral hack involving decorating her walls using a potato. While some were tater-ly impressed by her potato hack to paint her home, others were salty about the DIY project. In the 21-second clip, TikTok user @abbey.marie98 tried out the unlikely home decor hack using a potato to decorate her walls, as seen in another viral video on the social media site. Abbey’s video has reached more than 2.5 million views since it was posted two weeks ago. The video shows how she cut a potato into fourths, with two of the sides sliced higher than the others, before dipping it into paint. When pressed onto a surface, the potato creates a geometric pattern, much like the result a stencil would achieve. “Okay, I’m doing that,” Abbey announced at the beginning of the clip. She then cut to herself showing the carved-out spud that she dipped into black paint. Abbey took it to her living room wall, panning the camera to show the end result. “Oh my God, I’m in love, I’m in love,” Abbey exclaimed. The Post reached out to the TikToker for further comment. In the comments section, some called out the project, comparing it to the arts and crafts that they did in elementary school. “Ohhh we did that in Kindergarten,” one commenter wrote. “Nice. Do People now tape Macaroni on their walls too?” Another agreed, asking, “Wait… am I back in pre-school right now?!” One person even pointed out that the design looked like it read, “Hi, Hi, Hi,” thanks to the alternating pattern. “Okay but the whole wall says ‘ HI HI HI HI HI ‘ in the best way!” they typed. Someone else seconded, “Looks like a bunch of Hs and I’s ‘hi hi hi hi hi.'” A TikToker even thought it read the other way — “In, In, In.” “IN IN IN IN IN IN,” they claimed. “Now you will never unsee it. Your welcome .” However, some users thought the idea was spud-tacular. “Potatoes can do or be anything it’s so inspiring,” the person penned. “That truly looks amazing!!” another complimented. A third user admitted, “That’s so pretty.”