It’s always fresh in the Outback … literally. One woman on TikTok shared that after she went to pick up her takeout order at an Outback Steakhouse, they allegedly left her a “passive-aggressive” note on her receipt after she didn’t leave them a tip, sparking a debate in the comments. The creator, who goes by the username @blacartistrybyknicole on the social media app, has already reached over 161,000 views on the video. In the video, she shows her receipt, which totaled $96.41. The “tip” section had been circled and starred, presumably by an Outback employee working at the restaurant. “This was circled on my receipt,” she wrote in white text over a photo of the voucher. “Am I wrong for not tipping for carryout? I mean, I had to go get it.” The user followed up with the hashtags, “#OutbackSteakhousetripping” and “#Passiveaggressive.” The Post was unable to reach @blacartistrybyknicole and also has reached out to Outback Steakhouse for comment. In the comments section of the video, viewers were split about what the proper etiquette around tipping is for takeout orders. Some agreed with the TikTok creator, saying that the restaurant had a lot of “audacity” to be so passive-aggressive. “Wow!” the user wrote. “Their audacity. This tipping expectation is getting out of control.” Another agreed, commenting, “I can’t stand that a tip of the same amount as a server is expected when I pick up my meal. You put it in a bag, you did your job, congrats.” “I don’t tip for carry out,” someone else explained. “Part of the reason we get carry out is because it’s cheaper since no one is waiting on us.” One person even compared it to having a self-checkout experience at a store. “That’s like tipping the Walmart workers watching me at self checkout.. I’m not tipping for carryout,” they wrote. However, some thought it was rude not to do so. “A server has to make sure the order is correct, packed and ready for you. it should be tipped,” a viewer touted. Others agreed, with one writing, “A server is likely putting your food together and making sure your order is correct. They get paid the same as the other servers and work off tips.” “I might tip a few dollars for carryout,” another added. This is not the first time in recent months that a tipping debacle has made headlines. Starbucks lovers were angry over the company’s new tipping feature when checking out. The card readers now give options of tipping $1, $2, $5, a custom amount or nothing. One Starbucks employee, named Tates Rylee, even described the new system as cause for “social anxiety” in a popular clip she posted to TikTok last year.           