New York Post readers can use the BetMGM Sportsbook bonus code NPBONUS to get up to $1,000 in bonus bets if their first bet loses. BetMGM’s new customer offer lets bettors place their first bet up to $1,000, and if it loses, they get back that same amount in bet credits, aka bonus bets. Follow the link below to learn more about BetMGM’s offer ahead of No. 8 Texas hosting No. 23 Iowa State. This offer works for any sports market on BetMGM if you aren’t a college hoops fan. The BetMGM bonus code NPBONUS allows new customers to get up to $1,000 in bonus bets. If you make a $150 losing bet upon signing up – you still get back $150 in bet credits with the bonus code. This works for any amount up to $1,000. BetMGM’s new customer offer is a good chance to start sports betting with no risk and Iowa State vs. Texas tonight is a fun first bet opportunity. We’ve got another ranked matchup in the Big 12 when the No. 8 Texas Longhorns host the No. 23 Iowa State Cyclones on Tuesday night. BetMGM Sportsbook has Texas favored by 7.5 points and that just feels too high. The Longhorns are the better team and may well win this game, but beating Iowa State by eight points or more seems like a tough ask. The Cyclones are a really good team and already defeated Texas earlier this season. Iowa State hangs its hat on its defense that allows just 61.6 points per game (15th-best in the country) and that should be able to keep the Cyclones close even if they aren’t hitting shots. Furthermore, these teams are very closely ranked in the Kenpom college basketball ratings. Kenpom has Texas at 11th overall and Iowa State four spots down at 15th. Add it all up and these two teams are about on the same level, and that’s why 7.5 points is too high for the Longhorns to be favored. Anticipate a close game down to the end and take the Cyclones to cover with the BetMGM bonus code NPBONUS. New and existing players. Must be 21+. AZ, CO, DC, IA, IL, IN, KS, LA, MD, MI, NJ, TN, VA, PA, WV, WY only. Full T&C apply.. One of the easiest ways to get yourself a load of bet credits is through BetMGM’s very generous “refer a friend” scheme. BetMGM allows bettors to refer up to 20 friends, with both getting a $50 bonus. Your friend will need to make their first deposit and place their $50 bonus on any sport at odds of -200 or greater in order for you to claim your bonus. For Ohio: 21+ and present in OH. Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER.