Everyone loves bread, but it could be a silent killer — and not for the reason you’d think. Experts warn that an additive not restricted in the US could be making Americans sick. Potassium bromate, the sneaky ingredient in bread that strengthens the dough, is banned from food products in Europe, China and India due to it being a suspected carcinogen. Erik Millstone, an expert on food additives, claimed that such additives are “almost certainly” causing avoidable illnesses, such as cancer, in Americans. “There is evidence that it may be toxic to human consumers, that it may even either initiate or promote the development of tumors,” the University of Sussex in England professor told CBS News, adding that European regulations are more restrictive due to food-safety diligence. “Many ingredients added to food serve a useful purpose. Ingredients can be added to help keep food safe, slow spoilage (which can reduce food waste), improve nutritive value (such as fiber or vitamins) and improve taste or texture,” an FDA spokesperson told The Post, noting that all food additives must be “supported by science” and meet the FDA’s safety standards. While the food industry has a responsibility to ensure the safety of its ingredients, the FDA also “monitors, evaluates and regulates substances added to food.” The FDA also explained that their scientists continually “keep up to date” as new information emerges. In the case that their position was to change on the safety of chemicals or ingredients, they would take the necessary “steps to protect public health,” such as revoking authorizations for use and informing the general public. But potassium bromate isn’t the only potentially toxic chemical in our store-bought products. Other substances banned in Europe and allowed in the US are titanium dioxide, brominated vegetable oil, azodicarbonamide and propylparaben. Last year, a consumer sued Mars, Inc., over complaints that Skittles contained titanium dioxide, which is used to enhance color. While the lawsuit was dismissed, there have been studies that question the chemical’s safety. According to Healthline, titanium dioxide is considered safe in the US to be used in food, due to its limited amounts. Additionally, the chemical is used in food packaging, sunscreen and cosmetics, which a 2019 study concluded does “not present any health risk when applied on the skin.” But in 2021, the European Food Safety Authority declared the food additive was “no longer considered safe” amid health concerns. Brominated vegetable oil is also one of the additives banned across the pond but allowed in American markets. According to the Chicago Tribune, it’s the reason tourists won’t find Mountain Dew in Europe. Health concerns are centered around one of its components, bromine, due to its ability to irritate the skin and mucous membranes, according to the Mayo Clinic. However, symptoms — such as memory loss and skin and nerve issues — typically occur in soda enthusiasts who guzzle more than 2 liters a day. Millstone said that many Americans are probably unaware of the chemicals they’re exposed to daily, especially in their own pantries. “They probably just think, ‘Well, if it’s available or it’s in the store, it’s probably fine,'” he said. The FDA told CBS News in a statement that they are always reviewing the safety of food and any new information that surfaces. However, they noted that potassium bromate, when used correctly, becomes harmless during the food production process, although it’s not guaranteed that all of the chemical will convert to an innocuous substance. Earlier this month, a new study suggested that the colorful chemicals used in popular food dyes could have adverse health effects on consumers’ guts. Researchers from Cornell and Binghamton University found that common coloring agents can wreak havoc on the digestive tract.