Celebrate and welcome a new bundle of joy with a plethora of gifts perfect for a baby shower. If you have a friend who is preparing to become a new parent or a new niece or nephew to meet, welcome them into the world by giving the parents-to-be the best baby shower yet, and that includes the gifts. Be it for a virtual gathering or an in-person shower, sending the perfect gift to the mother-to-be is a must, even if just some fresh flowers or food to lighten the load. From blankets and swaddles to adorable outfits and toys, we’ve rounded up some stand-out gifts that will wow both baby and parents. See below for baby shower treats for all genders and price ranges that may just upgrade your friend status from bestie to godparent. This is the baby shower gift that keeps on giving, as long as you’d like. The Play Kits Program is a series of stimulating boxes for babies through two-year-olds, packed with toys that will help facilitate development as they learn about the new world around them. Gifting a single box is easy, starting at $80, or choose to gift an entire subscription at various rates. Make sure to enter in the new child’s expected birthday so that they can ensure the box is delivered right in line with the baby’s delivery. Nothing is too soft for a new baby, but this blanket from Parachute comes close. Parachute’s gray knit blanket will match any color nursery for little boys or girls, and the soft cashmere is perfect for swaddling, sleeping or draping over mom while she nurses. For the posh baby, this is the only teething toy they should be seen with. Sophie is a French giraffe that all new babies should have from the moment their teeth start to come in. This set from Nordstrom is a perfect two-in-one, as newborns can cuddle up with the plush toy and then grow into the chewable toy once their chompers come in. Celebrate baby from the first moments with this box of newborn goodies. The Monica and Andy Hospital Cuddle Box comes with a blanket, cap and a pant and shirt set to fit your new bundle of joy. Give the gift of comfort and skin-to-skin time with this adorable and soft swaddle. From Solly Baby, the fabric is a lightweight Modal, coming in an array of colors and patterns for every baby. Zippers, snaps and footies — oh my! The Babysuit is a must-have product for moms and dads and a great gift to give if shopping for a baby shower. The onesie has an easily accessible diagonal zipper for getting the little one dressed and undressed, as well as snaps down below for a seamless diaper change without needing to totally strip down. The while onesie comes embroidered with your choice of adorable animal prints and comes in sizes ranging from zero to three months all the way up to one year. This gift is an easy one to gift, as it already comes as a set and we know any new parents will really appreciate it. The First Foods Set from Ezpz comes with everything they’ll need for their first non-bottle meal. It includes their bestselling Tiny Cup, two Tiny Spoons and a Tiny Bowl, all of which are easy for the baby to grip and are dishwasher safe for easy cleanup. The set comes in an array of colors from the above gray to pinks, blues, greens and more. Give the gift of comfort to the new baby — and the gift of sustainability to the world — with this gift bundle from Pact. The set of three onesies comes in a variety of sizes, from 0 to 3 months all the way up to one year. They come in two different packs with different patterns and gender-neutral designs, and all of the footies are made of organic cotton that is safe for the environment and soft on their baby skin. Only the most elite babies have this bag, which is why you need to be the one to gift it to the new parents at their shower. The star of the set is the modern diaper bag backpack, which is easy to wear when you venture out and even easier to pack full of all your baby’s essentials, now on Amazon. While not the most glamorous gift, this may be the most needed and appreciated. Giving a diaper subscription is a godsend gift, as we all know how many diapers a new baby can go through in a month. Choose the duration of your gift, from just one month up to a full year, starting at just $68. These aren’t just typical diapers either, as they are plant-based, made from responsibly sourced Bamboo and packaged in eco-friendly materials. For the family that wants to make their own baby food, the Beaba is the best of the best. Give the Babycook as a baby shower gift and the family will be delighted, as it makes blending and steaming baby food a breeze. You can use it one-handed, perfect for the parent with a baby in one arm at all times, and it also works as a normal blender and steamer for other foods other than peas and carrots for the baby. Help keep their kitchen floors clean with a full-body bib from Bibbrella. This full-coverage bib is a game-changer when it comes to mealtimes, covering the baby’s arms, neck, torso and lap from spills and mess. It fits nicely into most highchairs and has a velcro closure to easily adjust to the growing baby. The bib comes in two different colors so far, including the above pink floral pattern and a blue world map. Sleeping, sitting and on the go, the Lalo pram is the only stroller the new set of parents will need. The Daily Stroller is truly perfect for all day, as it has a seated position for when the baby is awake and looking at the world around them, a reclined position for relaxation and a fully flat position for nap time on the go. It can fold up in seconds when not in use and comes with an all-weather cover, bumper bar and canopy to fully protect and care for the baby while in use. Both mom and baby will thank you for this gift, and so will their skin. Pipette makes the perfect giftable set for the mother-to-be. Indulge with body lotion, body wash, a dry brush and belly butter to prevent stretch marks and smooth skin. Celebrate each moment with your little one, recording the really special ones in this luxury book from Lucy Darling. This makes for a perfect gift to a new parent, as every time they add an entry on the teddy bear filled pages, they will think of you and smile. The book comes with 48 pages to fill and includes photo pages, room for ultrasound images, a spot for footprints and hospital bracelets and more. This one is perfect for any mother-to-be, especially if they are due in the colder months or early spring. This hoodie is not only cute and comfy, but also has a hidden baby carrier inside, keeping the little one close to your chest and warm. It is big enough in the midsection to be worn with your bump, too, so no need to wait until the baby is here to enjoy this gift. Rock-a-bye baby! Use this self-rocking machine to get baby down for naps with easy, taking the pressure off of the new parents. The mamaRoo comes in three colors and also comes with sounds that play to calm baby while they rock. Make feeding time easier with these highly rated bottles made just for newborns. The Dr. Brown’s gift set includes five bottles and a variety of nipple attachments to help baby latch. This luxe stroller is the best gift for all upper-class UPPAbabies. The stroller is also now on sale for $100 off, coming in the charcoal and leather treatment. It can also be converted to a carrier, should your path not be suitable for wheels. Give the gift of precious memories with this set of onesies. Each of the twelve outfits corresponds to a month of life, culminating on their first birthday. The one-year outfit is a tee, as opposed to a onesie, to accommodate your growing tot. Forget rocking horses, when you could rock all day long on this adorable giraffe. Bonus points — the toy can also be customized with the new baby’s name or last name, making for an even more meaningful gift. OId McDonald had a farm, and now the baby in your life can have one too. This interactive farm play mat is a great way to introduce baby to sounds, textures and words through creative play and can also be wrapped up for on-the-go fun. Make bath time fun and personalized with this adorable and customizable bath towel for baby. Pick a color and then choose a name to embroider on the hood of the super soft towel, making for an excellent baby shower gift. Give the parents peace of mind and the baby a great night’s sleep with this gift bundle. The Owlet sock monitors your baby’s sleep, while the app and camera give you a watchful eye, even when out of the room or home. Good night moon, and good night to the baby in your life. This customized night light is a beautiful gift, and one that the family will use for years to come as a night light or even as a lamp when the baby grows up. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.