If life has been handing you a whole lot of lemons lately and you really want to get out of dodge, it’s safe to say that you need a vacation. Whether it’s a short few-day stay or a week away, anywhere sounds nicer than where you are right now. The only thing holding you back is the fear of depleting your bank account for traveling and dining out. We love to be the bearer of good news, so here it is…you can get a $100 Restaurant.com eGift Card and a Travel Savings Card for only $39 for a limited time. The Restaurant.com eGift card does not expire, so you can use it right away, or save it for when you really need it. You can choose from over 62,000 restaurants across the country and this includes dine-in, takeout, or delivery options. Plus, thousands of new deals are added each month and more than 500,000 deals are available every day so the options will seem endless. Whether you have a romantic date planned on your vacation or want to do a casual meal out, this gift card is just what you need. Speaking of romantic dates, this is a great gift to surprise your loved one with not only because of the stellar savings, but you don’t have to worry about it not arriving in time for Valentine’s Day. This voucher can be used once it’s redeemed online. With the Travel Savings Card, you can save $1,000 in savings, whether it’s put toward lodging or car rentals. You can select car rental companies including Avis, Enterprise, Hertz, and a lot more. This deal doesn’t expire either, making it super convenient if you want to save it for another trip. There are also no blackout dates or minimum night stays, which is perfect if you have to make a quick one-night trip away from home and don’t want to break the bank. If you want to test the waters to see what everything can cost before actually booking your reservations, the site allows customers to take a test-drive first. Convenience is the name of the game with this Restaurant.com eGift Card and Travel Savings combo deal. Score it today while it’s on sale for only $39! Prices subject to change.