Republican Gov. Chris Sununu said he doesn’t believe former President Donald Trump can beat President Biden in 2024 — and is considering jumping into the race to provide “new leadership.” Sununu, who won reelection to a fourth-term in New Hampshire on Nov. 8, said results of the midterm elections show Trump doesn’t have the same drawing power as he did in 2016. “No. Unfortunately, at the end of the day, November of ’22 showed us that, right? Trump is going to be seen as a very extreme candidate. The country is going to push back against it,” Sununu, 48, said on ABC News’ “This Week.” “If we just look at the results of three months ago, and that shows you where extreme candidates are going to end up falling. It can’t get done. He could get the nomination, but he can’t get it done,” the Granite State governor said. Democrats maintained their control in the Senate in the midterms and Republicans eked out a slight majority in the House, a lackluster finish amid heightened expectations a “red wave” could allow Republicans to pick up as many as 25 additional seats. Sununu said his candidacy would highlight a new generation of leaders. “The message is new leadership. Look, well, yes. I’m definitely thinking about it, and having those conversations,” he said. Sununu acknowledged he’d be jumping into a crowded field of Republicans seeking the nomination. “But at the end of the day, you’re going to have a lot of Republicans that get in that race. They’re all really good people. They’re really good candidates. You have Nikki Haley and Mike Pompeo and Governor (Ron) DeSantis and a lot of folks that are going to get in​,” he said. “And you got to have that discussion about where we’re going to go, both as a party and make sure we’re going there as a country​,” Sununu said. He was responding to a Washington Post-ABC News poll released Sunday that found Trump would defeat Biden ​48% to 45% in a hypothetical 2024 rematch. The poll also showed Americans aren’t keen on either Biden, 80,  or Trump, 76, being president again. Sixty-two percent of Americans would be “dissatisfied” or “angry” if Biden won, and 56% would feel the same if Trump prevailed, the poll found. Trump announced in November that he would pursue a third White House bid, and while Biden has said he intends to seek re-election, he has yet to formally announce. In an interview ​on CNN last week, Sununu said he would support whoever becomes the 2024 Republican presidential nominee. “I don’t think it’s going to be Donald Trump. But, yes, I’m going to support the Republican nominee to be sure,” he said. R​eminded that he once referred to Trump as “f–king crazy,” Sununu said he was just joking at the time. ”It was a roast. It was a funny joke​,” he said.