As a wise Sagittarius once told me, “March isn’t a month, it’s a command.” Indeed, with Spring getting itself sprung this month and Pisces giving way to Aries, there is much to suggest hopping to it and getting after it are the preferred modalities for March. We begin the month in the muddy waters of Pisces, illuminated by a full moon in Virgo on March 7th. There’s a mess of planets making moves in March, including Mercury, Venus and Mars, which has spent a rocky few months and a few rounds against the ropes in the protean sign of Gemini. This month also sees two slow moving outer planets changing signs after longterm residencies in others. On March 7, Saturn enters Pisces after a three year tour of duty in Aquarius. Saturn is about boundaries and Pisces is boundless; watery, hard to pin down and impossible to contain. If Saturn in Aquarius was about questioning the structures that are, Saturn in Pisces is about dreaming of what could still be and further still, what can be undone. On March 23, regenerative planet Pluto grave dances into Aquarius after a fifteen year stint in Capricorn, entering the realm of the water bearer for the first time since the 1700’s. The migrations of Saturn and Pluto are indicative of changes that will be felt on a grander scale and by the collective at large. Nowhere to run, my babies. In the words of Pisces Anaïs Nin, “I am gifted in relationship above all things. I have no confidence in myself and great confidence in others. I need love more than food. I stumble and make errors, and often want to die. When I look most transparent is probably when I have just come out of the fire. I walk into the fire always, and come out more alive.” March sees us walking into the fire and towards a new kind of vitality courtesy of Aries season, which begins March 21. Coinciding with the spring equinox, the onset of Aries season is a harbinger of spring and as the first sign in the zodiac, signifies the beginning of the astrological new year. And TBH folks, we could use some of that fresh blood and fearless action. Think Aries season as a kind of live birth; necessary, uncomfortable and absolutely unstoppable. March on. You tend to be more about action than reflection Aries, but March sees you seeking a different pace and even a practice that supports patience and introspection (we love to see it.) You are the fist born, fire kissed, fierce individualist of the zodiac yet in the tides of Pisces season your focus might shift to how you are part of, rather than apart from, your fellow man and how in surrendering your need to be seen and returning in thought to a time before you came to be, you might become clearer to yourself. I leave you with this scrap of poem/dream scape/advice from Pisces César Vallejo: “Remain in the eternalnebula, there,in the polyessence of a sweet nonbeing.” Your pragmatism serves you well on every plane but the emotional, Taurus. When it comes to persistent albeit impractical feelings, strange omens, recurring dreams and the universe not so subtly pistol whipping you with directives, looking for reason could mean missing out on wonder. In the words of surrealist Pisces André Breton, “The truth can only be seen when you close your eyes to reason and surrender yourself to dreams.” Go looking for what’s true in the dark. You, more than any other sign, Gemini are an aggregate of what you consume. Water signs have a reputation for being highly absorptive but sponges are as much air as they are moisture. How are you spending your time, emptying your cup, feeding your mind and with whom are you sharing breath? Your influences become your identity and you are more primed than ever before to choose better angels, aspirational company, fortifying source material and fiber rich literature. After a long few months of fisticuffs and word weaponizing, war mongering Mars will finally move from Gemini to Cancer at the end of this month, giving natives a chance to marry the lessons of expression learned from can’t STFU Gemini with the virtue of compassion inherent in their crab natures. Hopefully you’ve gleaned that talking about your feelings is better than sulking and hoping that someone notices they’ve wounded you. Believe in your own ability to articulate and your divine responsibility to forgive. The vantage of time and distance deliver the gift of objectivity to you this month, Leo. Who you were and how you hurt/were hurt by others is now more of a subject to study than a pain to process. As you move towards the next chapter of your life and the characters that might yet occupy it, I bring you the words of Pisces poet W.H. Auden who writes, “All of our relationships begin and most of them continue as forms of mutual exploitation, a mental or physical barter, to be terminated when one or both parties run out of goods.” Bleak, yes. True, maybe.  I wonder what kind of renewable resource you might seek to receive and deliver in your next swing at love. The word legacy derives from Medieval Latin and translates loosely to, “body of persons sent on a mission.” I want you to have a think on this definition, Virgo. What is the ordained mission of your life and how can you mobilize your disparate selves into a single force bent both on forging ahead and leaving behind. Astrology 101: Your guide to the stars This month’s full moon in Virgo will be a kind of reckoning for the people of the scales. You require activation to take action and a revelation that might at first seem upending to your way of life will ultimately lead you to a better way of being. As the sign of the codependent diplomat, Libras often struggle when it comes to discerning what is a useful boundary and what is a personal blockade. Saturn’s move into Pisces could help you choose what makes a wall and what builds a fence. A Spanish proverb states “Tell me with whom you walk, and I will tell you who you are.” Who have you been keeping pace with as of late, Scorpio? Running solo or consorting with second string company? Pisces season is calling your attention to community; you may be coming back to life/out of the cave after a deep winter’s retreat and how abundant of a spring you have will depend entirely on the people you walk with and towards. Go forth, go far and go only where you are celebrated. Karmic planet Saturn makes moves this month, smoothing its skirt and readying its lessons with a focus on your fourth house of home and ancestry. How does where you come from inform what you run from, Sagittarius? Consider these word from hard drinking, rich living Pisces Jack Kerouac, “I felt like lying down by the side of the trail and remembering it all. The woods do that to you, they always look familiar, long lost, like the face of a long-dead relative, like an old dream, like a piece of forgotten song drifting across the water, most of all like golden eternities of past childhood or past manhood and all the living and the dying and the heartbreak that went on a million years ago and the clouds as they pass overhead seem to testify (by their own lonesome familiarity) to this feeling.” Sit still to remember and look up to remind yourself that you are built from, but not bound to, the past that precedes you. Your ruling planet is getting comfortable (as comfortable as a rigid schoolmaster with a sandpaper heart gets) in your third house of communication, messaging and exchange. This indicates a restructuring and or sharpening of your thought processes, Capricorn. Never one for small talk you may start to feel like the conversations you have are more drain than fountain. This feelings come from a deep need to protect your time and productivity but remember there is a deep ravine between accomplishment and enlightenment. When Saturn enters Pisces you are encouraged to make time to open and empty your mind so that you may fill it accordingly. In the words of John Green “In the best conversations, you don’t even remember what you talked about, only how it felt. It felt like we were in some place your body can’t visit, some place with no ceiling and no walls and no floor and no instruments.” For the love of the stars above, Aquarius give yourself a break. Yes, you are an achingly unique space alien with singular vision but please surrender your tendency to judge yourself according to a standard no mortal can meet or maintain. I promise you the only thing standing between you and a sense of satisfaction is your vantage. You’ve made it this far and today my dudes, that is far enough. Happy return of the sun to you, Pisces and welcome back to your head waters. With the sun spitting rays and warming the walls of your first house of the self, there’s an emphasis on expanding and expressing your personal identity. You are not defined by the worst thing you have ever done or by the last person you have tried to love. You are boundless. You are becoming. In the words of fellow fish Robert Lowell, “In the end, there is no end.” Mid month, your sign aspects with Mars and Neptune leading to acute sensitivity and a need to take accountability. It is always easier to slip away than stand and deliver but escape is never the route to evolution. Astrologer Reda Wigle researches and irreverently reports back on planetary configurations and their effect on each zodiac sign. Her horoscopes integrate history, poetry, pop culture and personal experience. She is also an accomplished writer who has profiled a variety of artists and performers, as well as extensively chronicled her experiences while traveling. Among the many intriguing topics she has tackled are cemetery etiquette, her love for dive bars, Cuban Airbnbs, a “girls guide” to strip clubs and the “weirdest” foods available abroad.