Billionaire Bill Ackman believes he’s found the next president of the United States – and it’s not Joe Biden or Ron DeSantis. The Pershing Square Capital Boss threw his support behind Strive Asset Management founder Vivek Ramaswamy. The 37-year-old investor is an outspoken critic of so-called “woke capitalism” who acknowledged this week that he was considering a presidential bid in the 2024 election — despite lacking any prior political experience. “I am going to make a bold and early call. @VivekGRamaswamy will run for POTUS and win. I think the country is ready for his message,” Ackman tweeted on Wednesday. “He is young, smart, talented and will attract the center to the right to win. He speaks hard truths which many believe but fear to say.” “He is a very talented and successful entrepreneur who understands business, economics, healthcare, politics, history and geopolitics. You won’t likely agree with all of his views, but you will respect his candor, acumen, discipline and energy. One to watch,” Ackman added. The married Ramaswamy was born in Cincinnati, Ohio, to parents who immigrated from India. He graduated from Harvard and then Yale law school, and recently has been courting Republican support for his presidential bid, Politico reported this week. Since its founding last year, Ramaswamy’s Strive Asset Management has already urged companies such as Apple and Disney to focus on financial returns rather than politics. He also authored the best-selling book “Woke, Inc.” Ackman shared his prediction alongside a video of Ramaswamy railing against “woke” culture during a speech at a Turning Point USA event. A longtime investor, Ramaswamy has never held political office. As The Post reported last year, Ackman and conservative tech billionaire Peter Thiel are among the investors backing Ramaswamy’s firm. Ackman isn’t perturbed by Ramaswamy’s lack of political experience in a potential challenge of the sitting president or a more established candidate like DeSantis. “Let’s remember that the improbable candidate often wins,” Ackman added. “Think Clinton, Obama and Trump. Most laughed at the thought of any of the previous up until months before the election.” Ramaswamy told Bloomberg that he was “strongly considering” a presidential run in an interview earlier this week. He has already begun meeting with key political figures and delivering speeches in Iowa and other key states along the campaign trail. “If you ask most people in my generation what it means to be an American, you get a blank stare,” Ramaswamy said. “I’m on a mission to deliver an answer to that question. We need to revive the basic ideas that set this nation into motion nearly 250 years ago.”