Andrew Dice Clay has been performing stand-up  since 1978 and has no plans to stop shocking audiences anytime soon. In 2023, now 45 years deep into his comedy career, he’ll continue bringing his brash, no-holds barred brand of humor to audiences when he plays seven shows at theaters and clubs all over North America. That includes a one-night stint at Huntington, NY’s The Paramount on June 3. Best of all, some tickets to see the politically incorrect man who sold out Madison Square Garden two nights in a row back in 1990, can be scooped up for as low as $65 before fees on Vivid Seats. So, if you want to see the Dice Man in all his glory — yes, he still wears his leather jacket onstage — here’s what you need to know. All prices were found at the time of publication and are subject to fluctuation.  A complete calendar including all tour dates, venues and links to the cheapest tickets available can be found below. (Note: The New York Post confirmed all above prices at the publication time. All prices are subject to fluctuation and include additional fees at checkout.) Vivid Seats is a verified secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand. They offer a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and your tickets will be delivered prior to the event.  In addition to performing live as well as on Instagram and TikTok, Dice has lent his talents to a few major films and TV shows this past decade. Just a few of his most notable roles include turns in Hulu’s “Pam and Tommy” as well as “A Star Is Born” and “Blue Jasmine.” Up next for the 65-year-old Dice is a supporting role as the head coach in the sports drama “Warrior Strong” about a young man who is asked to step in as the assistant coach of his former high school basketball team. At the time of publication, no release date has been announced.  Many of the biggest names in comedy are taking their material to venues far and wide this year. Here are just five of our favorite comics you won’t want to miss when they come to a city near you in the next few months. • Jerry Seinfeld • Sebastian Maniscalco • Sarah Silverman • Bert Kreischer • Bill Maher Looking to see who else is out there? Check out our list of the 51 biggest comedians on tour in 2023 here.