GLENDALE, Ariz. — Mets owner Steve Cohen has a huge fan in an unexpected place, right in the Dodgers’ clubhouse. Former MVP and frequent Mets tormentor Freddie Freeman is impressed by what Cohen has put together in Queens. “I love what he’s doing,” Freeman told The Post. “He wants to win. He’s telling the fans, ‘I’m in this with you guys.’ He’s a fan of baseball, and he’s a fan of his team.” Mets fans also seem to be delighted by Cohen’s efforts. Some recently wore shirts to Mets camp with Cohen’s likeness adorned with a crown. The Mets broke a virtual tie atop the payroll leaderboard with Freeman’s Dodgers at $300 million last season, and Cohen has run the tab up to a record $364 million, which is actually a lot pricier than that since the Mets will need to pay a $109 million tax bill, bringing the total to close to half a billion. (The Post has reported the Mets are expected to lose $200 million plus this year, though Cohen won’t reveal his likely losses, only saying, “It’s bigger than a bread box.”) Cohen’s extravagant spending is said to have upset a few owners behind the scenes, although at the owners’ meetings a couple of weeks ago, to a man they agreed with Cohen that he is playing by the rules. He has certainly surprised some with his willingness to pay tax, especially the so-called “Steve Cohen tax,” the new fourth-tier tax that’s 90 percent. That means every subsequent signing costs Cohen nearly double. When told Freeman likes how he’s doing things, Cohen quipped, “That is one.” In the end, he was happy to hear it. “I will take it,” he said. Freeman said no one should complain, least of all the other teams. “It’s up to us to beat his team,” Freeman said. “Why would you be upset? The guy wants to win,” he continued. “Spend away. Why not? He’s telling his fans, I’m with you. It’s excited the fan base to have an owner that wants to win as much as they do.” Freeman certainly isn’t complaining about Dodgers ownership, who surprised folks by curtailing spending this winter. “We cut back, but to a $240 million dollar payroll,” Freeman said in defense of the Dodgers. “Sure, we didn’t have the $300 million signing. But in this clubhouse you look around you still see a really good team.”