The death penalty trial of West Side Highway terrorist Sayfullo Saipov screeched to a halt Thursday afternoon when his father’s emotional testimony touched off an outburst from his uncle who screamed “dirty ISIS bastards” and slammed his fist on a door in the packed courtroom. The dramatic blowup in Manhattan federal court prompted a relative of a Belgian tourist killed by Saipov during his 2017 truck-driving rampage to break down and caused US District Judge Vernon Broderick to clear the jury from the room. The disturbance followed testimony from Saipov’s dad, Habibulloh Saipov, who sobbed uncontrollably on the witness stand as he responded to questions from defense attorney David Stern about if he still loves his son. “Knowing all you do about your son and what he did, do you still love him?” Stern asked. “With all my heart,” Habibulloh responded. The father, who is flying back to Uzbekistan on Friday, testified that while Thursday would likely be the last time he ever saw his son in person, knowing that he was alive would have meaning for him. “It’s important for his kids to know their father is alive,” Habibulloh testified. The elder Saipov was not cross-examined by federal prosecutors and was allowed to walk by the jury in tears — and past the defense table, where his son was seated with his lawyers. That’s when Sayfullo Saipov’s uncle stood up from a seat on the right side of the courtroom gallery where relatives of the convicted terrorist have been viewing the trial this week. “Dirty ISIS bastards!” the man screamed in Uzbek as he walked out of the room, according to a court interpreter. The uncle, who was scheduled to testify later in the trial, slammed his closed fist on the courtroom door as he left. A relative of victim Ann-Laure Decadt then began sobbing from the courtroom gallery and Broderick had jurors — who are weighing whether to sentence Saipov to death or life in prison — leave the room. The trial then took an extended break, and prosecutors said they may request the rest of the defense’s witnesses not be allowed to testify. The trial resumed about two hours later – soon after 4 p.m. – and the defense called another one of Sayfullo’s uncles to the witness stand. Before the testimony began, defense attorney David Patton said they no longer intended to call the uncle who screamed in the court as witness, and Broderick said he would be banned from the courthouse until the trial is over. The judge instructed the jury that the outburst was not directed at anyone in the courtroom or the criminal justice process. He added they should not weigh anything that happens in the gallery during their deliberations. Broderick also instructed anyone in the gallery to leave the courtroom if they can’t control their emotions, acknowledging the trial was likely, “one of the most emotional events in your lives.” Earlier Thursday, Habibulloh took the stand as the second witness called by his son’s defense attorneys in the penalty phase of the terrorism trial. “He committed a terrible tragedy. He caused the death for eight people and injuries for many more and he ruined their lives,” the elder Saipov told jurors of his son’s attack. “I am feeling very bad about this. I would like to apologize in front of everyone, all victims,” he added before being stopped by the judge. After a brief sidebar discussion, defense attorney David Stern then asked the father specifically how the attack made him feel. “My soul was destroyed,” he responded. A Manhattan jury convicted Saipov on 28 counts in January, nine of which carry a maximum penalty of death. Since his conviction, prosecutors and defense attorneys have been presenting evidence and questioning witnesses in the penalty phase of the trial. The jury will have to vote unanimously to sentence Saipov to death.