From Russia with love. A Soviet-born ex-spy is sharing her top tips to seduce men after becoming an expert in honey-trapping high-profile targets. Aliia Roza, 37, said she can charm any member of the opposite sex and describes herself as a “master manipulator.” The real-life Red Sparrow — who was forced to flee Russia after falling for a drug dealer — spent years being trained in the KGB-style art of seduction, persuasion and neuro-linguistic programming. “I was taught how to seduce any man fast and easy including dangerous criminals,” the brunette beauty bragged during an interview with Jam Press. With Valentine’s Day fast approaching, Roza has shared five essential tips for women looking to bag their Mr. Right, saying her advice is foolproof. “First of all, if you want to seduce anyone, you should start with yourself,” the ex-spy stated. “Love yourself, and work on building your self-love and self-esteem. Men will treat you the way you treat yourself.” Secondly, Roza urged women not to focus too much on their external appearance and not to seem too available to the man they are hoping to attract. “Men don’t care about looks as much as they care about your personality, charisma and sexuality,” the master manipulator claimed. “Don’t get plastic surgery unless you’re doing it for yourself or go on diets to lose weight for someone else. Go back to Step 1 of these tips and use your personality to flirt and charm the man you like.” She added: “Play to evolution; men are ‘hunters’ — if a woman is too available, she won’t be as interesting to him, and he won’t appreciate you. Be his muse, add a bit of mystery.” Thirdly, Roza urged women to choose their targets appropriately. “Don’t waste time on men who will never change,” she urged. “Study your target and make him jump through some hoops. Test him. If he fails, don’t expect that he will change in a year, it’s better to appreciate your time and energy and move on than wait around for a bad target.” The beauty advised women to find a man who would share their interests. “Choose your target as you would interests and hobbies,” she declared. “If you like sport lovers, go to sports games, if you like spiritual men, go to a meditation center, if you like business-orientated men, go to a conference. Having mutual interests unites people and you can build a solid foundation, but also means more targets to play within a smaller space.” Finally, once a woman has homed in on her target, the ex-spy advised that they infiltrate the man’s inner circle. “Seduce his inner circle, too. If his family, friends and colleagues don’t like you, he will most likely not continue a relationship with you,” she stated, sharing her fifth and final tip. Roza was born in the USSR and became a Russian spy when she was just a teenager. However, she had an affair with a man she was meant to gather intelligence on and later fled Moscow. She now lives in Los Angeles and has not returned to Russia in more than a decade. Back in 2004, during her first official mission as a spy, Roza said, she fell in love with her target — a man named Vladimir. She previously told Jam Press: “For my first task, I had to pretend I was a prostitute so I could go to a club and seduce the leader of a criminal gang which was supplying drugs into the country. It was just crazy, I was hanging out with these baddies who would fight each other and kill each other.” According to Roza, Vladimir’s associates soon discovered she was a spy. “They put me into the car, they dropped me into the forest. It was so dark, and 10 men started beating me,” she said. “But Vladimir saved me from being killed.” Vladimir later died, and Roza subsequently met and fell in love with a Russian oligarch, whom she married in 2006. However, her incredible life took another wild turn when her husband was jailed and later died in prison. Roza fled Moscow with her young son, Platon, and has not returned.