She was IUD-enied! An Idaho woman who got pregnant despite using birth control described the shocking moment her baby emerged from the womb — triumphantly clutching her intrauterine device in his hand. “When all the nurses come in to see a baby with his IUD,” Violet Quick, 20, captioned the video of the surprise birth, which went down this week. In the clip, which has been viewed more than 22.8 million times on TikTok, her baby boy, Rudy, can be seen holding his mother’s IUD like a contraceptive Stanley Cup as medical staffers look on in amazement. The Idahoan said she married her husband, John Francis, when they were both were 19. Since they weren’t planning on having a child, Quick turned to an IUD — a tiny, T-shaped device that’s put into the uterus to prevent pregnancy. Despite her preventative measure, the mom-to-be became pregnant a little over a year into her marriage. Quick said she first knew something was awry after feeling ill for several weeks. “I was feeling nauseous for about two weeks and I would just throw up every once in a while,” said Quick, who decided to take a pregnancy test to see what was amiss. Her world turned upside down when it came back positive. Stunned at the improbable-seemingly bun in the oven, the TikToker took six more tests, which all yielded the same result. “They were all positive, and I actually went to the ER and I was seven weeks pregnant,” Quick exclaimed. Her conception was particularly miraculous given that IUDs have a 99% success rate at preventing pregnancy, meaning that fewer than 1 in 100 people get pregnant while using the device, according to Planned Parenthood. This rate obviously increases for those whose baby blockers slip out of place — which was not the case with Quick. Those who do get pregnant with an IUD usually have an ectopic pregnancy — in which a fertilized egg implants and develops outside the uterus, often on a fallopian tube, per the Mayo Clinic. If left untreated, this satellite embryo can cause life-threatening internal bleeding. In light of her prophylactic-defying birth, Quick is warning the public to “take a test” even while using contraception. “I would say if you are having any of those signs of pregnancy or if your period is late to take a test,” she said. “It’s better to know, because there is a high risk of having ectopic pregnancies when you have an IUD, but they work for the most part.” Quick added, “Someone has to be the 0.01 percent, and that’s me and my baby.” This isn’t the first time a defiant baby has slipped past the prophylactic goal line. A Georgia baby blew up the interwebs in 2017 after coming into the world with one of the intrauterine devices clutched in his right hand.