Two teenage students were shot by a masked gunman outside a Williamsburg housing complex near their Brooklyn public school Monday afternoon, police and law-enforcement sources said. The victims, a 19-year-old man and 17-year-girl, took bullets around 3 p.m. in front of the housing complex at 200 Maujer St. between Bushwick Avenue and Humboldt Street, police said. The shots rang out about a block from their school campus, which involves East Williamsburg Scholars Academy and the Progressive High School for Professional Careers, police sources said. The male victim was grazed in the head, and the female victim was shot in the stomach, police said. They are both hospitalized in stable condition, the NYPD said. The shooter — described as a male wearing a black ski mask and red and black coat — is still in the wind. The motive for the gunfire was not immediately clear. Detectives were seen walking out of East Williamsburg Scholars Academy after the nearby shooting. A 72-year-old man who lives near the scene told The Post that a large brawl broke out across the street from the school campus less than an hour before the bullets flew. About 20 to 25 teenagers came out of East Williamsburg Scholars Academy, then fists started to fly between a few of them as others watched and yelled, neighbor Charles Gonzalez told The Post. “Punching, punching, punching, everything,” Gonzalez said as he described the fight while pummeling the air himself. “In the face, in the body, everywhere,” he added, noting the fight began with a couple of teenagers before several more joined in. Parent advocate Mona Davids, the head of the NYC School Safety Coalition, called the gun violence against young people a crisis and epidemic, “and it’s not getting any better.” She said city leaders should have more police officers outside of schools. “Our question is how many more children need to be stabbed, shot, killed, assaulted before this city council and our mayor take action and hire more school safety agents and provide safety corridors,” Davids said. “Which is the parent who has to get the call [saying], ‘Your child’s not coming home from school?” A resident who lives on the block where the shooting happened told The Post he heard between four and six gunshots from inside his home. The 60-year-old local, who only gave his first name, Marquis, said he was surprised by the violence in the area. “Same as every other citizen in New York does, I pray it’s not me or my family,” he added. “When you walk outside, you pray that nobody does nothing to you, whether you on the subway, coming out of an Uber coming, out of a restaurant. There’s no safe havens.” But he insisted won’t now live in fear, despite the close proximity to Monday’s shooting. “This is New York,” Marquis said. “I’ve lived here my whole life, [including] in the ’70s, when Brooklyn was really Brooklyn.”