PORT ST. LUCIE — Kodai Senga just wants to show he belongs. The Japanese ace has arrived at his first U.S. spring training, trying to adjust to a larger baseball and steeper mound than in his homeland, but also the expectations he will face with the Mets. Justin Verlander and Max Scherzer are the prominent names in the Mets’ rotation, but Senga noted Thursday that Jose Quintana and Carlos Carrasco are also accomplished pitchers. “Those two [Verlander and Scherzer] are legends in the baseball world, and even the other two are very distinguished,” Senga said through his interpreter. “They have had long careers, much longer careers than I have had, so I just need to make sure I am able to go into the season and not be the odd one out.” Senga threw a 52-pitch bullpen session in which his fastball, slider and “ghost” forkball were on display. The right-hander called it a “so-so” session, citing the sharper mound slope as a factor to which he must adjust. The right-hander was told he topped out at 96 mph during his workout. Senga’s transition to using a MLB-standard ball might be easier than his adjustment to the mound slope. “When I first started to feel the MLB ball, back when I was in Japan, I would play catch without it being rubbed up, as it is here,” Senga said. “It’s rubbed up every time and I have the MLB rosin, so I think I am getting used to it pretty well. “As of right now, I don’t feel that the ball has any effect on the so-so bullpen [session]. It’s mostly just the steepness of the mound. Perhaps it’s the climate that is helping with the tackiness of the ball, but as of right now the ball hasn’t bothered me at all.” The Mets signed Senga to a five-year contract worth $75 million with the idea he could slot behind Verlander and Scherzer, and bring relative youth to the equation — at 30, he’s the youngest of the five starting pitchers. But Senga’s medicals posed something of a concern during his free agency, as The Post’s Jon Heyman first reported. Senga wouldn’t comment on what specifically may have been an issue, but said he’s thankful for the manner in which the Mets handled the situation. “The one thing that was really important to me deciding to sign with the Mets was because of how they approached that situation and how much they had confidence in me,” Senga said. “I was really excited to sign here and play for the Mets.” Senga named Daisuke Matsuzaka (who pitched for the Mets in 2013 and ’14) as a “legend” in Japan he admired. Senga also mentioned Ichiro Suzuki and Randy Johnson as players he liked. Since arriving, Senga has told manager Buck Showalter that he wants to hit. On the front, he’s late: MLB instituted the universal DH before last season. Asked Thursday if he wanted to hit, Senga didn’t need the question translated — he held his thumb and index finger about an inch apart to signal “a little bit” and smiled. In addition to the professional adjustments, Senga faces the challenge of acclimating himself to a new culture. “A lot of English and Spanish words coming in and out of my ears, so it’s something I need to get used to and hopefully be able to understand even a little bit,” Senga said. What food has he tried and liked? “Pizza,” Senga said, without an interpreter.