In 2023, Three Dog Night will bring “Joy To The World.” That’s not all though. They’ll also deliver “Mama Told Me (Not To Come),” “Shambala,” “Never Been To Spain,” “Old Fashioned Love Song” and of course, “One,” as well as many more of their greatest hits when they tour all over North America from February through September this year. That includes huge gigs at North Tonawanda, NY’s Riviera Theatre on July 5, Huntington, NY’s The Paramount on July 6 and Lancaster, PA’s American Music Theatre on July 7. And even though the group is in their 56th year of existence after forming in 1967, they show no signs of slowing down. 80-year-old original vocalist Danny Hutton continues to truck on with more recent additions to the group, guitarist Michael Allsup, drummer Pat Bautz, bassist Paul Kingery and keyboardist Howard Laravea. As the group says via song, “The Show Must Go On.” When it does, it will be fairly inexpensive to see the band that brought the world 21 (!) Billboard Top 40 hits from 1969-75. At the time of publication, we found some tickets going for as low as $36 before fees on Vivid Seats. All prices are subject to fluctuation. Want to see the hit makers live in action this year? Keep scrolling. We’ve got everything you need to know below.  All year long, Three Dog Night — on especially cold nights, Aboriginal Australians would sleep with three dogs, if you were wondering where they got their name — have shows all over the U.S. Just a few of their biggest stops along the way include shows in Las Vegas (Feb. 11), Des Moines (March 2), Tulsa (March 23), Milwaukee (May 26) and Northfield, OH (Aug. 11). The sprawling trek will sputter to a stop with their final show at Minneapolis’ State Theatre on Sept. 30. A complete calendar including all tour dates, venues, show start times and links to buy tickets can be found here.  Yes, Three Dog Night has been on the road since 1968 but they still give it their all every time they play live. At recent shows, it looks like the show sticks to a 17-song set list that kicks off with “The Family Of Man,” “Black and White” and “Never Been To Spain.” Of course, they close with “Joy To The World.” What comes in between? Check out a recent set list from an October 2022 concert courtesy of Set List FM here. For those that want to dig further into the archives, you can find a record of every Three Dog Night Show from 1968 to 2023 here.  Rather than just release “Greatest Hits” albums in their golden years, Three Dog Night continues to experiment. In 2017, the band dropped the tropical, five-song, mini-album “It’s A Jungle.” Over five tracks, the band evokes the sounds of the ’70s and ’80s, showing that you can still teach a “Three Dog Night” some new tricks. We love the frenetic title track “It’s A Jungle Out There” but we’re also partial to the soaring anthem “I Can’t Help It” that sounds straight out of Bon Jovi’s catalog. You can hear “It’s A Jungle” in its entirety here.  It’s a good year to be a fan of ’60s and ’70s rockers. Some of the biggest names from the bygone era are still strutting their stuff at venues all over North America all year long. Here are just five of our favorite, can’t-miss classic rockers on tour in the next few months. • Bruce Springsteen and the E Street Band • Ringo Starr • Dead and Company • Billy Joel with Stevie Nicks • Lynyrd Skynyrd with ZZ Top Lookin’ for just a little more rock and roll? Check out our list of the 22 biggest classic rock acts on tour in 2023 here.