The XFL grasped a transparent approach for replay reviews that the NFL seems to have missed — or, at least, not yet incorporated. In the first quarter of Vegas’ matchup against Arlington on Saturday, the ESPN broadcast cut to a three-screen split when Tyler Vaughns’ apparent catch was ruled incomplete near the sideline. And across a 30-second window, viewers were inserted into the video review process with the XFL command center, on-field referee Mike Vandervelde and Dean Blandino, the league’s vice president of officiating and rules innovation. “I’ve got control, I’ve got the [right] foot down inbounds,” Blandino started. “Let’s go to our line view to get a spot.” “Dean, I had some traffic there,” Vandervelde responded. “I can’t hear you.” “Yeah, Mike, we’re looking at the catch at the sideline,” Blandino continued. “I’ve got a really good look. I’ve got control and I’ve got the right foot down inbounds. So we’re just gonna give you a new spot.” From there, Blandino communicated to Vandervelde that the ball should be placed at the 46-yard line on the right hash — for a first-and-10. After each piece of instruction, Vandervelde repeated it to Blandino in the command center before eventually announcing it on the field. Later in the game, Blandino and Vandervelde again communicated during the review of a catch, with Blandino noting that “we’re just looking at control of the ball when he goes to the ground.” It was a quick and efficient process, and the ESPN broadcast noted that it helps sift through the “million different looks.” The XFL’s approach also demystified a video replay process that typically isn’t accompanied by much explanation — and mostly overlapped with commercial breaks — in the NFL. Saturday marked the XFL’s return for the first time since 2020, with eight teams separated into two divisions, and in the Arlington-Vegas game, the Renegades outscored Vegas, 19-6, in the second half and defeated the Vipers, 22-20. The league, with an ownership group headlined by Dwayne “The Rock” Johnson, also debuted some rule tweaks for its relaunch. Following touchdowns, teams can now attempt a one-point conversion from the 2-yard line, a two-point conversion from the 5-yard line or a three-point conversion from the 10-yard line, according to ProFootballTalk.