You’ll soon have more passive-aggressive ways to respond to your boss beyond a thumbs-up with the release of these new emoji. Apple revealed 31 new emoji designs on iOS along with the first iOS 16.4 developer beta on Thursday, according to Emojipedia. The company has not announced when the new emoticons will be available to all iOS users, but they are expected to be released in the coming months. The 31 new emoji all come from Unicode’s September 2022 recommendation list, Emoji 15.0, and include some highly anticipated designs, like the pink heart. While some alterations may still occur before the public release, the 31 new emoji include: shaking face, pink heart, light blue heart, gray heart, donkey, moose, goose, wing, jellyfish, black bird, hyacinth, pea pod, ginger, folding hand fan, hair pick, flute, maracas, khanda and wireless. There will also be a rightward pushing hand and a leftward pushing hand in a variety of skin tones. People use emoji to jazz up their communication over text and online. According to Emojipedia, more than one in five tweets contains an emoji and 5 billion emoji are sent via Facebook messenger. Since 2015, half of all comments on Instagram are just emoji. That means you’re not the only one leaving all fire emoji when your best friend uploads another gorgeous selfie. These new emoji are sure to be a hit with some — in 2015, the plain pink heart was the most requested emoji — but the release of new emoji often comes with some controversy. Last January, the Apple emoji factory upset some people online after churning out a new batch of emoticons for the new iOS 15.4, which included a pregnant man. The most divisive addition seemed to be three new gender-bending emoji: a pregnant man, a gender-neutral pregnant person and one bearing a crown. The move is part of the emoji maker’s continued efforts to make digital discourse more inclusive by rolling out nonbinary emoticons, among other smileys. Gen Z also caused a stir (insert teacup emoji) with emojis when they canceled the thumbs-up, deeming it “hostile.” Lifestyle and etiquette expert Elaine Swann — who has done corporate training on the matter — advises the avoidance of emoji all around in the professional world, if only to avoid misinterpretation. “[Emoji] can be interpreted as disrespectful,” Swann told The Post. “It can differ from generation to generation. Across the board, people want to know they’ve been heard and emojis do not convey that for everybody.”