Eat more … cauliflower? Chick-fil-A launched their new cauliflower sandwich on Monday, but some are already complaining about its hefty price tag. The sandwich has a starting price tag of $6.59, according to USA Today, but many are claiming it cost them more than that. The new dish, which is being tested in three markets — Denver, Colo., Charleston, SC, and North Carolina’s Greensboro-Triad area — is the restaurant’s first plant-forward meal. On Chick-fil-A’s website, they describe the sandwich as a “tender filet” made from cauliflower that’s then breaded in their “signature seasoning” and pressure-cooked in their 100% refined peanut oil. TikTokers have already taken to the social media platform to air out their thoughts and review the sandwich. And many people’s comments focused on nailing the food chain for the cost. The Post reached out for Chick-fil-A for comment. “This cost me $7.19 before tax,” said one foodie TikToker, @morganchompz, who reviewed the sandwich in a video on Monday, showing off what the cauliflower cuisine looked like to her followers. In her review, she noted that there was a lot of breading. When she finally got to the cauliflower, she said, “The texture’s not bad, but taste wise, it still didn’t add to the overall flavor.” In the comments section of her video, some people were outraged. “Why is cheap CAULIFLOWER 7.00???” one viewer wondered. “I NEED ANSWERS.” Another agreed, writing, “How is a cauliflower more expensive then a chicken .” “It’s literally a veggie and bread why is it $7 ,” someone else typed. One user even suggested that the chain partner with another meat-alternative company, like Beyond Meat, instead of using cauliflower. “Ok chic Fil a just partner with beyond or another vegan meat producer and make us a good vegan chicken sandwhich with your breading, it’ll sell,” they wrote. In another review, user Brooke Cribbs, who goes by the username @cribbsstyle, claimed that her meal with the cauliflower sandwich came in at a whopping $12. Meals at Chick-fil-A typically come with an order of french fries and a medium drink. Her sentiments were similar to Morgan’s. “In the spirit of ‘field research,’ I am glad that I tried it,” Cribbs said. “It does look like a chicken sandwich. I will say though, as I was eating it, the cauliflower does kind of squish down and you get way more breading than you do in a regular chicken sandwich.” Another reviewer, Raven B. Greene, who goes by @newmoonvisuals on the app, also said that her meal totaled to $12. “So far with that one bite, it’s a nine out of ten,” she admitted. Still, despite its great taste, some were not still happy with the price. “$12 like really??” one user commented. “Somebody need to protest that price.” Another seconded, “$12 why are vegetables so expensive!?”