“Jersey Shore” stars Vinny Guadagnino and Mike “The Situation” Sorrentino have always been DTF — and they just admitted to having a threesome. In a teaser clip for Thursday’s episode of “Jersey Shore Family Vacation,” the show’s cast, Nicole “Snooki” Polizzi, Jenni “JWoww” Farley, Angelina Pivarnick, Pauly D, as well as Guadagnino and Sorrentino, are hanging out as Polizzi suggests Pivarnick and Guadagnino have a threesome. “I wouldn’t do that, it’s too close to the other guy’s d–k,” Guadagnino replied to the women’s skepticism their male co-stars have never “crossed swords with someone in the past.” “We did the Eiffel Tower before, but we never crossed swords, me and Vinny,” Sorrentino confessed, as Polizzi questioned the double meaning behind the Paris historic landmark. Pauly D provided the explicit explanation of the sexual act involving two men and one woman — which was bleeped out by MTV. What the coiffed DJ omitted was his ex-girlfriend Aubrey O’Day’s recent claim he “fingered two waitresses” while filming the first season of “Family Vacation.” “There are some things I wish I didn’t hear in life,” Farley later admitted in a confessional. “Mike and Vinny explaining what an Eiffel Tower is and the fact that they did it? Ew.” “2009 was a weird year,” Guadagnino said as he tried to justify his rendezvous that included Sorrentino. The conversation shifted to the cast’s infamous antics — that would usually end up with them hooking up with someone they met at a club. “Do you how many, like, sex tapes they have of us? Disgusting,” Polizzi said of the original MTV show’s black-and-white spy cam footage. “The fact that we would all just have sex on camera, like, ‘Alright, no big deal,'” Farley reminisced. “And we shared the Smush Room without washing the sheets … nasty,” Polizzi said of the the show’s designated sex room. Sorrentino is now happily married to his wife, Lauren. The couple welcomed their second child, Mia Bella Elizabeth, last month. Guadagnino, meanwhile, remains one of NYC’s most eligible bachelors, though he got flirty on Instagram in November with his “Dancing with the Stars” co-star Gabby Windey, who helmed “The Bachelorette.” “Jersey Shore: Family Vacation” airs Thursdays at 8 p.m. EST on MTV.