“We have reduced heating and electricity bills so folks have more money in their pocket.” — VP Kamala Harris, Wednesday We say: Electric costs have soared 24%, fuel oil 69% and natural gas 53% since President Joe Biden and Veep Harris took office. If Harris is referring to the $4.5 billion in federal handouts (an average of $35 per US household) Washington OK’d last year via the Home Energy Assistance Program, it doesn’t come close to offsetting the dramatic spikes in energy costs under Biden. Who does Harris think she’s kidding? “[Gov. DeSantis] says that slavery … should not be taught to Florida schoolchildren.” — MSNBC’s Andrea Mitchell, Feb. 17 We say: What? There isn’t a shred of truth in Mitchell’s claim. Black history, including slavery, is required as part of Florida’s public-school curriculum, and Florida Gov. Ron DeSantis supports that. Mitchell herself later backtracked, claiming her words were “imprecise.” Yet she then claimed DeSantis nonetheless opposes a kind of black studies that provides a “broader” understanding of slavery. Uh, sorry: That only piles more lies onto the first one. We say: Ernest Owens is either clueless about cancel culture or intentionally misleading, based on this Rolling Stone excerpt from his book on the subject. He claims the practice is meant to hold people accountable for what they say. Yet it’s one thing to criticize someone’s statements and quite another to, say, have Antifa goons physically silence them. Or have liberal mobs get folks fired or disinvited from key appearances. Let’s be honest: There’s no way chilling speech is “good for democracy.” We say: Talk about cancel culture and chilling speech! Olbermann is so miffed House Speaker Kevin McCarthy gave Capitol riot surveillance footage to Fox News host Tucker Carlson that he actually wants the government to shut down the network (and to hell with the First Amendment). Yet how in the world does McCarthy’s move create a “national-security threat”? “What [Republicans] are doing . . . is a kind of softening up the electorate for some really bizarre things that they want to do: banning LGBTQ books nationwide.” — Joy Reid, MSNBC, Feb. 16 We say: Just where do people like Joy Reid get these things from? Republicans don’t want to ban LGBTQ or any other books, anywhere, let alone “nationwide.” Some of them merely oppose forcing very young kids to read or discuss sex- or sexual-orientation-related material. You can be sure the left has no case when it twists the truth like this. — Compiled by The Post Editorial Board