To paraphrase the Buddha, “Three things cannot be long hidden: the sun, the moon, and the truth.” Indeed, B, indeed. Yet, some signs more than others are inclined to pull that truth out and speak it plain, loud and sharp. Three signs in particular stand out as truth tellers, bean spillers, word vomitters and soap box speakers. This trinity of truth is united in their allegiance to the authentic; forsaking niceties, nuance propriety and at times, personal safety. Some people soften the truth while others wield it like a blunt force object. Brutal honesty is both a blessing and a bane, exalted when it exposes crimes, corruption, government duplicity and crimes against humanity and absolutely off putting when it is delivered as an unsolicited opinion on an outfit, haircut, baby name or other life choice. When determining if you fall in the blunt category of communicators, make sure to read for both your sun  and Mercury sign. The latter rules language and exchange and both its sign and position within the birth chart are indicative of our style of conveying information. Read on to learn which three signs would be a great role model for the fib inclined Pinocchio. Noted for their quick fire tempers and poor impulse control, Aries rules the head and the mouth. Consequently, there is no divide nor hesitation between what these people think and what they say. When I imagine this tactless trajectory it is not wildly dissimilar from Linda Blair’s possessed, green bile vomit stream in “The Exorcist.” On the upswing, you never have to guess how an Aries feels though you may have to duck/wince/dodge when they start hurling their truth. At their best, brightest and most unfiltered, Aries folk are unafraid to blow the whistle or tear the top off of corruption as was the case for Aries Daniel Ellsberg who leaked the Pentagon Papers, Ron Ridenhour whose research spurred the federal investigation of the My Lai Massacre and fellow ram Frank Serpico who single handedly and fearlessly exposed endemic corruption within the NYPD. Virgo is ruled by Mercury, planet of exchange and expression. Unlike scatter shot, the truth is a negotiation Gemini, which also counts Mercury as a ruler, Virgo is exacting and at times absolutely leveling in their hyper critical approach to communication. Symbolized in the Major Arcana of the tarot by the Hermit, Virgo has an uncanny ability to see what can and should be improved upon, be it character development, bangs, exercise technique etc. and a deep need to share that knowledge/opinion with the unsuspecting. The great paradox of these people is that they are aces at delivering advice but are wholly incapable of taking it. Examples of Virgo truth spillers include investigative journalist Gary Webb who tied the crack cocaine epidemic to the dark dealings of the CIA and Sherron Watkins, a former Enron employee who blew the whistle on the company’s criminal activity. Archers feel a kind of ordained duty to tell the truth, like Sagittarius writer and activist Noam Chomsky who maintains, “It is the responsibility of intellectuals to speak the truth and to expose lies.” What they like in tact, they make up for in honesty. We see this righteousness in Sag folk like Mark Twain, Linda “record your bestie telling sex stories and call it patriotism” Tripp and Jeffrey Wiggand whose revelations about the nefarious and willfully harmful practices of the tobacco industry inspired the Oscar nominated film “The Insider.” Sagittarius is associated with the ninth house of travel, higher learning, expansion and exposure. As such, archers are the soapbox speakers, vocal projectors who see the truth as a temple that must be venerated, loudly, often and without regard for feelings or fear of fall out. Astrology 101: Your guide to the stars Astrologer Reda Wigle researches and irreverently reports back on planetary configurations and their effect on each zodiac sign. Her horoscopes integrate history, poetry, pop culture and personal experience. She is also an accomplished writer who has profiled a variety of artists and performers, as well as extensively chronicled her experiences while traveling. Among the many intriguing topics she has tackled are cemetery etiquette, her love for dive bars, Cuban Airbnbs, a “girls guide” to strip clubs and the “weirdest” foods available abroad.