The home where Tom Brady lived during his final season (as of right right now) with the Tampa Bay Buccaneers is up for rent. Listed at $60,000 a month, the waterfront home briefly went up for sale in June for $14 million (and was later reduced to $12.5 million) while the seven-time Super Bowl champ was still residing there amid his high-profile divorce from model Gisele Bündchen. Made up of six bedrooms and seven baths, Brady, 45, last posted inside his home for his daughter Vivian’s 10th birthday in December. Situated on Davis Island, the contemporary home spans over 6,500 square feet, and features open bay views, a custom pool and spa area, a private dock and a lift. The primary suite features 13-foot floor-to-ceiling windows. Other features include a open floor plan with a wine cellar, an elevator and a chef’s kitchen. Meanwhile, Brady is living in Surfside in Miami, where Bündchen purchased a property, until construction on his custom-made mansion is completed. Bündchen shelled out $11.5 million for a mansion directly across from Brady’s manse on Indian Creek Island, which he obtained in the divorce. The model also purchased a smaller cottage for $1.25 million last February, before their divorce in October. Allan Mezrah with The Toni Everett Company holds the listing. “In recent days my wife and I finalized our divorce from one another after 13 years of marriage,” Brady wrote in an Instagram story at the time. Bündchen said in a separate story: “The decision to end a marriage is never easy but we have grown apart and while it is, of course, difficult to go through something like this, I feel blessed for the time we had together and only wish the best for Tom always.” Brady announced his retirement for a second time on Feb. 1. “I’ll get to the point right away: I’m retiring. For good,” an unkempt Brady said in a 53-second social media selfie video filmed on a beach. “I know the process was a pretty big deal last time. So when I woke up this morning, I figured I’d just press record and let you guys know first.”