Choo-choo! Here comes another outraged parent. One woman took to TikTok to air her grievances over the fact that no one offered her young son a seat on a crowded train — and now she’s being roasted for it. In the video, which has more than 2.1 million views, user @kellyk2016 showed her son, who seems to be toddler-aged, sitting on the floor of a London train as there were no other seats available. “All these people watching my baby sit on the floor in priority seats area!” she wrote in the caption. “Oblivious.” The train that Kelly was traveling by was called the Southern Rail Train, according to the Daily Mail, and from the looks of their website, it appears that you have to purchase a train ticket in order to board. However, children under the age of 5 ride for free. “You can bring up to two children under five with you free of charge if you have a ticket – however they can only use a seat if it’s not needed by another passenger with a ticket,” the Southern Rail’s website reads. The Post was unable to reach the TikTok user for comment. Some viewers were not happy with the TikTok and called the user out in the comments section for even suggesting that her child deserved a priority seat. “Kids don’t take priority seats,” one user commented. “Disabled people, pregnant women, the elderly, or babes in arms.” Another agreed, writing, “Life lesson: book tickets in advance with seating… why do you think your son take priority? Because you say so?” “Kids sit on the floor, adults have chairs,” someone else typed. “That’s called respect.” One viewer even joked, “He’ll have PTSD when he’s older. Such a traumatic event .” In the comments section, Kelly clarified that she would have given up her seat in order for her child to have sat there, but she didn’t have one either. However, a few fellow TikTokers stuck up for Kelly and her son, agreeing with her that it was in poor manners to not give up your seat for a young child. “Poor form from the passengers and in the comments,” one person admitted. “I’d give up my seat for a child in a second.” Another seconded, “Ppl saying ‘those seats are for the elders’ half of those ppl aren’t elders. I’d give up my seat for a mama with a kid, but that’s just how I’m raised.” This is not the first time social media has been set ablaze with some fuming about other people’s public etiquette with their children. Last November, the parents of a toddler were slammed on Reddit after they let their child “run wild” during an eight-hour flight. And, in December, another woman claimed that after she refused to switch seats with a woman traveling with a young child — and that child ended up crawling on top of her during the flight.