She’s trying to make it work. An Australian mom has divided the internet for admitting that she’d rather go to work than stay home with her kids. Sarah Torresan went viral on TikTok with the question: “Does the person who works outside the home need more sleep?” “If I had a choice between staying at home with the kids or working after a rough night … I would choose a work day EVERY TIME” she captioned the video, which has garnered 70,000 views since it was posted earlier this month. “I feel like I’m qualified to speak to this because I have both working days and stay-at-home mom days, and I want to tell you something that the working parent probably doesn’t want stay-at-home parents to know.” “Going to work is so much easier than staying home with kids,” Torresan insisted. Her argument for going to work includes being able to listen to her own music and favorite podcasts as she commutes; grabbing a coffee and walking through the city; having adult conversations in the office; and using different parts of her brain. Torresan also noted that by the end of the work day, she misses her kids and feels excited to see them again. She appears to have two young girls. The Aussie compared that routine to staying home with the kids, which she claimed can lead to days without a “normal human conversation.” “From the second you open your eyes in the morning, until you close them at night, you are on. You are putting out fires over the most insanely irrational things,” she reasoned. “It’s constant conflict. It’s constant everyone else’s needs. You’re being yelled at for things, it is all about what you need to do for someone else.” Torresan said she barely gets to enjoy a cup of hot coffee when she’s staying home with her kids. “Most stay-at-home parents would dream of sitting in the car for 45 minutes and listening to a podcast or drinking a hot coffee with a coworker,” she insisted. “Of course there’s caveats to this based on what you do for work or what your partner does for work, but my point is, overnight, whose sleep should really be prioritized?” The video quickly gathered thousands of views and hundreds of comments as many people offered opinions. “Work is my [paid] break from SAHM [stay-at-home mom] job,” one mom declared. “I would lose my mind as a stay at home mother,” another proclaimed. “Agree but even at work im STILL doing the mental load about everything i need to do once i clock off,” a third revealed. “I’m a chef so I pretty much get paid to do what Id do at home but without the stress of juggling a baby. Work is such a nice break,” another divulged. Other moms didn’t agree. “I absolutely would not prefer to be at work… been a stay at home mum for 8 years and I can do whatever I want,” one commenter shared. “I’m a SAHM [stay-at-home mom] and it is 100x easier than work. Sure it has challenges but it’s basically a holiday for me,” another contended. Debates surrounding being a working mother versus a stay-at-home mom have circulated for years, with studies showing that striking a balance may be the way to go. Research has found that working mothers do significantly more child-rearing than stay-at-home dads and being a mom is the equivalent of 2.5 full-time jobs.