Hunter Biden was served with a defamation lawsuit by John Paul Mac Isaac last week, five days before the disgraced first son sought his own legal action against the former computer repair shop owner who came into possession of the infamous “laptop from hell.” A private investigator hired by Mac Isaac tracked down Hunter in Culver City, California last Friday to serve him with the lawsuit — seen by The Post — that seeks damages in excess of $75,000 from the 80-year-old president’s son. “It was very difficult to find where he was,” Mac Isaac’s lawyer Brian Della Rocca told Fox News host Tucker Carlson on Thursday about attempts to smoke out Hunter Biden. “You know, he was in DC for a couple of weeks and he was moving around. Well, we finally tracked him down and we were able to serve him last week. And now all of a sudden, we see this,” Della Rocca added, referencing letters sent out by Hunter Biden’s lawyer on Wednesday pleading for a criminal probe into Mac Isaac and others who disseminated the contents of the infamous laptop. Mac Isaac and his lawyer allege that Hunter instructed his lawyer, Abbe Lowell, to seek a criminal investigation as payback. “He’s trying to intimidate. And it’s interesting to me that this happened when it did,” Della Rocca told Carlson. The letters accuse Mac Isaac, who owned The Mac Shop in Wilmington, Del., of “unlawfully” accessing the now-52-year-old’s personal data after the water-damaged laptop was abandoned at his store in 2019. Lowell’s targets for prosecution include Mac Isaac, former President Donald Trump’s personal lawyer Rudy Giuliani, and Giuliani’s personal lawyer Robert Costello, all of whom Lowell accuses of attempting to “weaponize” sordid and incriminating contents on the “laptop from hell” against Joe Biden. “This failed dirty political trick directly resulted in the exposure, exploitation, and manipulation of Mr. Biden’s private and personal information,” Lowell wrote. “Mr. Mac Isaac’s intentional, reckless, and unlawful conduct allowed for hundreds of gigabytes of Mr. Biden’s personal data, without any discretion, to be circulated around the Internet.” Della Rocca insists that Mac Isaac became the legal owner of the laptop after Hunter Biden dropped it off to be repaired in April 2019 — but failed to return to reclaim it despite attempts by Mac Isaac to contact him. Mac Isaac initially filed the lawsuit in May of last year against Adam Schiff, CNN, the Daily Beast and Politico. Hunter Biden was added to the suit in October, and the Daily Beast was dropped from the action last year after the news outlet apologized for wrongly referring to the laptop as “stolen.”