The Issue: Mayor Adams’ refusal to give back pay to city workers who were fired under the vaccine mandate. Adam Coleman proves yet again he has few peers when it comes to identifying prevaricating politicians (“Adams’ Betrayal of Hero Workers” PostOpinion, Feb. 15). Despite his spurious prattle claiming to stand with the working class, Mayor Adams personifies the hypocritical, Democratic machine politician who is beholden to New York elitists, his donors and the leftists who control the levers of power. He has done more for thousands of illegal immigrants than he has for formerly “essential” workers who risked their lives when the pandemic began. His may be a well-tailored suit, but it is most assuredly an empty one. James McCaffrey Yonkers It seems our mayor, a city worker himself, doesn’t like city workers. He doesn’t want to offer back pay to fired workers. On the other hand, we have lots of money for the so-called asylum seekers, who are in hotels across the entire city with free health care, free phones and free MetroCards. What services have they provided? It’s no wonder people are leaving in droves. Michael Englert Queens Adams’ baloney sandwich finally caught up to him. The Post ran two stories in which Hizzoner chirped 100% opposing views on one page. In one story, Adams said unvaccinated former city employees should not get back pay or be guaranteed to get their jobs back (“ ‘No back pay for axed unvaxxed muni staff,’ ” Feb. 11). Adams said their back pay is the pay they got when they got other jobs. Four inches away, on the same Page 6, Adams said New York City’s current budget woes (including $4 billion required for the spiraling migrant crisis) have him worried, but he didn’t say one word about New York taxpayers having to cover the costs for illegal migrants who crash our border (“Eric: Blas budget put Apple on fiscal cliff,” Feb. 11). Is it any wonder why so many New Yorkers really believe Adams is only a sartorial idiot, one who performs best in the fashion pages and not in the news pages? Alan Hirsch Port Washington Mayor Adams doesn’t want to provide back pay for the workers that he and Mayor Bill de Blasio unjustly fired from their jobs. He doesn’t seem to have a problem rolling out the red carpet and five-star hotels for people who enter this country illegally. Nope: New Yorkers should not be paying for that. Brian Sullivan Rockaway Beach The Issue: James Clapper’s criticism of coverage of the open letter he and 50 other intel officials signed in 2020. Great reporting by Bruce Golding, who shed light on the infamous open letter signed by 51 former intelligence officials, which influenced the 2020 election in favor of President Biden by falsely insinuating that the coverage of Hunter Biden’s laptop had the earmarks of Russian disinformation. (“Clapper off, Clapper on. . .,” Feb. 14). I’m laughing out loud at Clapper’s schoolboy explanation that “All we were doing was raising the yellow flag.” At least admit your intention was to get Biden elected. Carl Merz West Hartford, Conn. Clapper continues to prove without any doubt that he is unqualified for any government position. It is hard to believe that this partisan hack was once the director of national intelligence. He, and all the signatories to the infamous “open letter,” are no more than shills for the progressive elites hell-bent on destroying this country. None of them has any credibility. Robert Mangi Westbury Want to weigh in on today’s stories? Send your thoughts (along with your full name and city of residence) to letters@nypost.com. Letters are subject to editing for clarity, length, accuracy and style.