New York Post readers can use bonus code NPBONUS to access BetMGM Sportsbook’s new customer offer and get up to $1,000 in bonus bets. The new customer offer from BetMGM allows bettors to make their first wager up to $1,000, and if the bet loses, they would get that same amount back in bet credits, aka bonus bets. Click the button below to learn more about BetMGM’s offer ahead of the Phoenix Suns hosting the Oklahoma City Thunder on Friday night. This offer is good for any sports market on BetMGM. Bonus code NPBONUS lets new BetMGM customers get up to $1,000 in bonus bets. So if you were to place a $170 bet that loses – you still get back $170 in bet credits with the bonus code. This works for any amount up to $1,000. BetMGM’s new customer is a great option for inexperienced bettors because there’s no risk of losing money on your first bet. With the acquisition of Kevin Durant, the immediate future looks very bright for the Phoenix Suns, who now have the second-best NBA title odds on BetMGM at +425. However, Durant won’t play until the Suns road game against the Charlotte Hornets on Wednesday due to injury, so Phoenix fans will have to wait to see the fully formed Suns. Until Durant plays Wednesday, Phoenix (32-28) will remain a good-not-great NBA team and its first game back from the All-Star break is a home game against the Oklahoma City Thunder tonight. BetMGM Sportsbook lists the Suns as an eight-point favorite and that just feels too high. OKC is a really solid team and not that far from Phoenix in the standings to begin with. At 28-29, the Thunder have a real shot at the playoffs and when they do lose, it’s not by a lot. Five of OKC’s last six losses have been by eight points or fewer and it actually has a +1.7 point differential on the season, which is higher than Phoenix’s mark of +1.4. Without Durant on the court, there is not some huge gap between these teams, so take the Thunder to cover with BetMGM bonus code NPBONUS. New and existing players. Must be 21+. AZ, CO, DC, IA, IL, IN, KS, LA, MD, MI, NJ, TN, VA, PA, WV, WY only. Full T&C apply.. One of the easiest ways to get yourself a load of bet credits is through BetMGM’s very generous “refer a friend” scheme. BetMGM allows bettors to refer up to 20 friends, with both getting a $50 bonus. Your friend will need to make their first deposit and place their $50 bonus on any sport at odds of -200 or greater in order for you to claim your bonus. For Ohio: 21+ and present in OH. Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER.