Maroon 5 frontman Adam Levine will seemingly address infidelity allegations on Wednesday’s episode of the “Call Her Daddy” podcast — or, at least, that’s what fans think. In a teaser clip posted Monday to the show’s Instagram account, host Alex Cooper, 28, confronts her off-camera interview subject, saying, “I have to tell you, I was a huge Maroon 5 fan, and I’m glad that you agreed to sit down with me today and discuss the scandal surrounding infidelity in your marriage.” However, Levine’s representative told The Post that he was not booked for the podcast. When asked whether it was actually Levine’s wife, former Victoria’s Secret Angel Behati Prinsloo, 34, who sat down with host Alex Cooper, the rep did not immediately respond. In a surprising move, Prinsloo herself commented under the clip with a simple, “LOL.” A rep for Prinsloo said she also is not booked for the program. “How many times did you cheat with women that you met on Instagram?” Cooper asked the unknown subject in the promo clip, seemingly referring to Instagram model Sumner Stroh’s September 2022 allegation that she had an affair with Levine. At least four other women came forward with screenshots of flirty messages they purportedly received from the married Grammy winner. Levine previously denied a physical relationship with Stroh but did admit that he “crossed a line.” Stroh’s allegations against the “She Will Be Loved” singer came when Prinsloo was pregnant with the couple’s third child, who was reportedly born on Jan. 30. The couple married on July 19, 2014. “I used poor judgment in speaking with anyone other than my wife in ANY kind of flirtatious manner,” he wrote in a statement last September. The Post has additionally contacted reps for Stroh and Cooper for comment. Internet trolls had a field day, making fun of Levine for the cringey messages he allegedly sent to the influencers last year, leading fans to wonder Monday whether he would really appear on “Call Her Daddy” to set the record straight. “My question is why would he agree to this to be roasted,” one fan laughed in the comments on the “Call Her Daddy” Instagram account. “He won’t be honest,” another stated. Other people chose not to get their hopes up in case someone other than Levine winds up being the interview subject. “Ok.. if it’s NOT Adam Levine in that seat, will we be relieved or mad?” one fan asked. “Plot twist it’s Behati, not Adam,” another guessed. “I hope it’s his wife tbh,” another doubled down. Meanwhile, other fans praised Cooper for her no-BS interview style and growing list of A-List interviews, including Jane Fonda and John Mayer. “The Modern Day Barbara [Walters],” one fan deemed Cooper. “We haven’t had a woman get these types of interviews since Oprah,” another added. New episodes of “Call Her Daddy” drop Wednesdays on Spotify.