A mom has asked a parenting forum how old is too old for parents to read to their kids at bedtime, explaining that she still reads to her teenage daughter. Her post divided readers, with some moms surprised the habit is still a thing in the woman’s house at that stage – but also many admitting they haven’t stopped, either. The woman explains in her post: “We’ve always read a bedtime story. My daughter will be 13 this year and I still read her a chapter or two of a book before bed. “It’s very much led by her and she’s started occasionally saying she doesn’t want me to read. “That’s fine but I’ll miss it when she no longer wants it at all. I won’t necessarily miss the books though – she likes some nonsense!” The mom then asks the group, “What age did you stop?” Many moms empathized with the dilemma, writing that it’s difficult to pinpoint an exact age you should stop (or start!) doing things when raising kids. Some suggested leaving it up to the child to determine when they want bedtime stories to stop. “This is lovely, I’ll stop when they want me to. They’re six and eight so I hope there are many years of reading together left,” wrote one. Another added: “Whenever they want to stop. My 10-year-old bookworm still likes me to read to him (we’ll often read something a bit more grown-up that he may want to discuss).” And this woman shared, “I am still reading most nights to my daughters, age 14.5 and nearly 13. I know it won’t go on forever, but am just enjoying it whilst it lasts. I keep thinking they’ll want me to stop, but they ask for it if it looks like it might not happen (due to a busy evening). It’s one of my favorite times of day.” This mom agreed: “I’d FaceTime my son and read to him at Uni if he’d let me! Keep it going as long as you can.” More support came from this kind comment: “I love that you are still reading to your 13-year-old. What a lovely bond you must have! If you’re being led by her then keep doing it as long as you both want I say!” Other moms shared their own experiences and nighttime routines. One posted, “Mine are 12 and nine. It slowly petered out as they realized that they could read to themselves faster (so they get more story) than if I read to them.” “My 14-year-old son loves reading at bedtime. Me reading to him gradually morphed into him reading to me while at primary school and now we both read our own books but together, in his bed, before lights out. 15 mins or so every night. Very relaxing quality time together,” another member shared. While this mom wrote, “I think it was around 12/13. Though by then we spent as much time snuggling in bed and talking about stuff than actually reading the book. It was useful as a regular quiet time once a day to catch up.” But a couple of people did say that they found the woman and her daughter’s behavior strange. “Wow, I’m so surprised! My parents stopped reading to me at age seven and the same with my two kids. They’re both great readers and happy to sort themselves out. I can just imagine their looks if I said to them age 13, move over mom wants to read to you!” Someone replied to that comment saying, “This made me laugh too. I can’t imagine a 13-year-old wanting to be read to.” “It’s a bit of a strange to me too,” a third added.