State lawmakers allied with the teachers union vowed Wednesday to fight Gov. Kathy Hochul’s plan to open more charter schools in New York City. Hochul’s $227 billion budget plan would keep a statewide cap of 460 charters in place but eliminate a regional cap for New York City to make dozens of more slots available for new charter schools in the Big Apple. There is currently a cap of 275 charters for New York City and that limit has been reached. But powerful state senators, with whom Hochul will have to negotiate the budget-tied plan,  issued a joint statement saying they opposed increasing the regional cap in New York City, where 142,500 students or 15 percent of public students are enrolled. There are currently 357 charter schools operating statewide, which is well under the 460 statewide cap. Charter schools are privately managed but publicly funded, and their students often outperform students in traditional public schools on the state’s standardized English Language Arts and Math exams. “NYC could see an increase of more than 100 new charter schools. This will further increase the financial burden on NYC traditional public schools, taking much-needed resources away from schools serving the vast majority of our children. NYC Department of Education (DOE) is required to provide space for charter schools in DOE buildings or pay the rent for charters operating in private buildings,” read the statement released by Senate Education Committee Chairwoman Shelly Mayer (D-Scarsdale)  and Sens. John Liu (D-Queens) and Robert Jackson (D-Manhattan). Liu chairs the Senate’s panel on New York City schools and Jackson, a close ally of the teachers union, was involved in a landmark court case advocating more funding for public schools called the Campaign for Fiscal Equity. Liu, the former New York City comptroller, separately called Hochul’s proposal a “non-starter.” But there seems to be a disconnect between the Democratic lawmakers and their constituents — particularly parents — when it comes to charter schools. A poll released Monday found nearly two-thirds of NYC parents support lifting the cap and opening more charter schools in the five boroughs.  United Federation of Teachers president Mike Mulgrew applauded Hochul’s plan to boost funding for public schools by 10% — but said he would fight lifting the cap on charter schools in the city tooth and nail. “Public resources should go to real public schools – not to corporate charter chains that claim success by refusing to serve our most vulnerable children, that force out students who don’t fit their mold, and that refuse to permit independent audits of their spending,” Mulgrew said. Mulgrew said under current law, charter schools can expand from grades kindergarten to 12th grade, in essence creating three different schools for elementary, middle and high school students. He also complained that New York City is the only school district in the country that provides free space or pays the rent for charter schools, and that they serve fewer special needs students than traditional public schools. But Hochul stood her ground when asked about the resistance to her pro-NYC charter school plan during a budget briefing. She said having a regional cap restricting the number of charter schools just in New York City “did not make sense.” “What we’re trying to do is something that is just common sense. This legislature approved 460 charter slots in New York State. That number has not been achieved,” Hochul said. “There’s no need to raise a cap. But what did not make sense is — I try to approach the government with common sense — is why there’s a differential between the number of charter slots available for one city, New York City, and the rest of the state.” Her budget also will allow the re-issuance of so-called “zombie” charter school licenses that were issued to schools that closed after 2015. In general, Hochul’s executive budget provides a record $34.5 billion in total schoolaid, a $3.1 billion or 10 percent increase over the current budget. Her spending plan increases per-student aid to charter schools by 4.5%