New York Post readers can get up to $1,000 in Bonus Bets on BetMGM Sportsbook with bonus code NPBONUS. BetMGM’s new customer offer allows you to make your first bet up to $1,000, and if it loses, you get that same amount back in bet credits. Click the button below for more information about BetMGM’s offer so you can have it ready for the Boston Celtics hosting the Charlotte Hornets on Friday night. Not a hoops fan? No problem, since this offer can be used for any BetMGM sports market. Bonus code NPBONUS gives new customers a fantastic deal on BetMGM by letting them get up to $1,000 in bonus bets. If you sign up and make a $100 losing bet, you would still get back $100 in bet credits with the bonus code. This works for any amount up to $1,000. BetMGM’s new customer offer is one of the best on the market tonight’s Hornets-Celtics game is a good time to use it. Two teams on the opposite ends of the standings match up on Friday night in Boston when the Celtics host the Charlotte Hornets. Boston is having a wonderful season after making the NBA Finals last year and enter tonight’s game atop the Eastern Conference at 39-16. Jayson Tatum is putting together another awesome season, while Jaylen Brown is averaging 27 points per game as the second option. It’s been a different story for Charlotte. The Hornets have the second-worst record in the East at 15-41 and come into this game on a five-game losing skid. Former Celtic Terry Rozier is scoring 21.8 points per game for Charlotte. Whether you’re backing Boston or you like Hornets as underdogs, the BetMGM bonus code NPBONUS gives bettors a great way to get in on the action. New and existing players. Must be 21+. AZ, CO, DC, IA, IL, IN, KS, LA, MD, MI, NJ, TN, VA, PA, WV, WY only. Full T&C apply.. One of the easiest ways to get yourself a load of bet credits is through BetMGM’s very generous “refer a friend” scheme. BetMGM allows bettors to refer up to 20 friends, with both getting a $50 bonus. Your friend will need to make their first deposit and place their $50 bonus on any sport at odds of -200 or greater in order for you to claim your bonus. For Ohio: 21+ and present in OH. Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER.