Brittany Matthews and Joe Rogan appear to be publicly beefing. Matthews, who married Chiefs quarterback Patrick Mahomes in March 2022, tweeted about “grown men talking s–t” after the UFC color commentator called her out in a recent episode of his podcast, “The Joe Rogan Experience.” Rogan and his guests, Shane Gillis, Mark Normand and Ari Shaffir — who are all stand-up comics, writers and podcasters — were discussing the Mahomes family when Gillis began roasting Matthews for her loud behavior at Chiefs games. “You know what I like, though, I came around on Jackson Mahomes,” said, Gillis referring to Mahomes’ younger brother. “I’m a fan. His brother that does TikToks and his annoying wife that screams — everyone hates on them and it actually makes me happy. “… Patrick Mahomes has a wife that’s just wild. She’s up in the box and films herself … and Patrick is obviously the man, and then he’s got a crazy wife and a brother up in the box, doing all that s–t.” That’s when Rogan chimed in: “Oh, Jesus … the problem is, they keep that same energy when you get divorced. They come after you with that same energy.” On Sunday — three days after Rogan’s podcast went live — Matthews shared a cryptic tweet that some people believe is a response to the podcast host. “Something about grown men talking s–t about someone’s wife is real weird…,” Matthews wrote with a curious face emoji. “Actually grown ass men hating on women in general is pathetic,” she added in a separate tweet. Matthews, who welcomed her second child with Mahomes in November, did not name Rogan or anyone else in her tweets. The fitness entrepreneur is known for her outspoken tweets in defense of her family and the Chiefs. Last season, Matthews and Jackson made headlines on a number of occasions for their larger-than-life presence at Chiefs games. In September 2021, Jackson was filmed pouring a bottle of water over a bunch of Ravens fans who were taunting him and Matthews following the Chiefs’ 36-35 loss in Baltimore. Mahomes defended his brother and wife in a press conference and said that the whole situation wasn’t captured on video. Jackson issued an apology a month later after he was filmed dancing on a memorial logo for the late Sean Taylor at FedEx Field in Washington. Last February, Pat McAfee called Matthews and Jackson “the tag team of insufferability” for drawing attention to themselves on NFL sidelines and at games. Matthews and Jackson were noticeably toned down this past season at Chiefs games. However, after the Chiefs defeated the Eagles 38-35 in Super Bowl 2023, Matthews shared a series of celebratory videos on Instagram.