Getting a BBL almost assassinated her. A woman on TikTok has claimed that her Brazilian butt lift procedure was “traumatizing” — and compared the feeling to getting beat up by 20 gorillas. Jordyn Genevie explained more about her BBL aftermath in a viral video that reached more than 1.2 million views on the social media app. She spoke about her experience in response to another TikToker’s video, in which they said that the pain was equivalent to being sore after not working out for a while and then doing so with an Olympic trainer. But Genevie reportedly had a totally different recovery. “I was about to die,” Genevie said of her BBL pain. “I remember waking up from surgery, screaming from the top of my lungs. The pain was unbearable.” She described it as “literally like getting dropped off in the jungle and getting your a– whooped by 20 gorillas … I mean, I don’t know, hitting your toe on the corner of a metal boxspring times a trillion. B–ch, it hurts. No, never again.” Warning: Video contains graphic language The Post has reached out to Genevie for further comment. In a standard BBL procedure, a doctor injects fat from other areas of the body into the butt to make it appear bigger. However, the cosmetic treatment can be risky: A 2020 study published in the National Library of Medicine revealed that the death rate for a BBL is 1 in 20,000. In the comments section of her post, many could relate to Genevie, confirming that the pain levels during recovery were out of this world. “I had this and I literally thought I was going to die,” one user commented. “The pain was soooooo horrific. I can’t tell you how painful and lasted 8-10 weeks.” “Thank you for being the first person to be honest,” someone else wrote. “I got mine in May & it was HORRIBLE too! Mentally & physically draining.” Another person added: “Anyone who asks how the pain is isn’t ready for one. Literally getting sliced open and rearranged. It’s going to be the most painful experience.” Other people were left reeling by her descriptions of the agony she felt. “BRO LMAOO NOT 20 gorillas,” one TikToker wrote, with another one adding, “Your examples had me dyingggggg omg.” However, Genevie is not the only person who has complained of severe discomfort after the procedure. Canadian TikToker Adea, who goes by the username @adee.ah, compared the aftermath of the surgery to feeling like you got “bruised” and “burned” all over your body. “You know when you hit yourself, and then the next day, you have, like, a bruise?” she asked.  “And then someone touches it, or you touch it and it hurts? That’s how it feels all over your body.” Earlier this month, another TikToker claimed that she almost died after her BBL, as she reportedly developed necrosis, a death of the body tissue, in one of her butt cheeks, which caused one to become bigger than the other. She later had to get the necrosis removed.