WARNING: This story contains spoilers for the film “You People.” You may now CGI kiss the bride. Jonah Hill, 39, and Lauren London, 38, allegedly did not seal their movie marriage with a kiss in Netflix’s “You People,” according to their fellow co-star Andrew Schulz. “I don’t even know if I should share this yet,” Schulz told Charlamagne tha God last week on the “Brilliant Idiots” podcast. “But the final scene they don’t even kiss. It’s CGI.” “Get the f–k out of here!” Charlamage interjected. “I’m watching the wedding,” Schulz continued, “and I see them going for the kiss and their faces stopped like this far and I’m like, ‘I wonder how they’re gonna play that in the movie? Oh, they’re probably just gonna cut right there.’ “But [in] the movie, you can see their faces come close. And then you can see their faces morphed a little bit,” Schulz claimed. Sure enough, as one fan shared on Twitter, a close-up of the actors’ faces shows a dark shadow forming on London’s lower chin that appears computer generated while the actors lean in for the smooch. “Ayo is it true,” the fan captioned the clip, punctuating it with the crying, laughing face emoji. London’s fans on social media claimed that the mother of two faked the kiss to show her respect for her partner, Nipsey Hussle, who was shot dead in Los Angeles in March 2019. The late rapper is honored in several discrete ways in “You People,” including the use of his music throughout the film and a shot of the street where his Marathon Clothing store is located. “Lol everyone wants to hate on lauren London for not kissing jonah hill .. but when you find the one & they’re gone, you’d never wanna kiss someone else again … be so foreal,” one fan wrote. “Lauren London didn’t wanna kiss Jonah Hill in #YouPeople and I don’t blame her. Nipsey Hussle’s beard looks softer compared to Jonah’s,” another joked. Others questioned why London would accept the role as Hill’s love interest if she had conditions on playing the part. “All due to respect to Lauren London but if she signed up for a ROM COM refusing to kiss her co-star, maybe you need a different actress or actor,” one person slammed the performer. “Like literally what was the point of Lauren London accepting a role in a RomCom but refusing to KISS your castmate? CGI kissing is CRAZY,” another added, solely placing the blame on London. “Folks claiming Lauren London didn’t wanna kiss Jonah Hill out of respect for Nipsey. But prior to that, she was kissing MBJ in another movie …. which was filmed months after Nipsey’s death, so …. where’s the loyalty and ‘out of respect’ y’all referring to?” another fan noted about London’s 2021 role in “Without Remorse.” “How yall know Jonah Hill didn’t want to kiss Lauren London??” one asked, turning the tables. The Post has contacted representatives for Hill and London for comment.