If Bert Kreischer is coming to your city, he’s bringing a party with him. Most likely he’ll be doing it without a shirt too. Kreischer, the man who inspired the 2002 film “Van Wilder” as well as the upcoming “The Machine” is midway through his ongoing “Tops Off World Tour” that will take his shirtless self to cities all over North America up until April 8. Amazingly some last-minute tickets can still be scooped up for as low as $34 before fees on Vivid Seats. After that, the raucous comic will head overseas for a string of shows in Europe, New Zealand and Australia from April 17-29 with a final international show at Sydney’s Aware Super Theater. Then, to close the year, the “2 Bears 1 Cave” podcast host has plans to host a cruise of his own that he’s calling “Fully Loaded At Sea.” Until then though, we’ve got the scoop on when and where you can see Bert in the good, ol’ U.S. of A as part of his never-ending party, this winter and spring. All prices are subject to fluctuation.  Before Bert sets sail, he will light up audiences all over the U.S. He’ll be doing so at major venues in cities like Boston’s TD Garden (Feb. 4), Tempe, AZ’s Mullett Arena for four nights in a row (Feb, 8, Feb, 9, Feb. 10, Feb, 11), Orlando’s Amway Center (Feb. 18), Green Bay’s Resch Center (Feb. 24) and Minneapolis’ Target Center (Feb. 25). After that, Bert will travel all over Canada playing Winnipeg (March 1), Saskatoon (March 2), Edmonton (March 3), Calgary (March 4) and Kelowna (March 5). Finally, he’ll tour all over the U.S. up until his final scheduled North American show in 2023 at Cleveland’s Rocket Mortgage Fieldhouse on April 8. Want to see if Bert is coming to a city near you soon? Click here for a complete calendar featuring all of Bert Kreischer’s upcoming tour dates, venues, show start times and links to buy tickets.  Kreischer is a busy fellow. In addition to touring, he also hosts not one, not two, but three podcasts. The 50-year-old Florida native is the driving force behind his solo “BertCast.” Now 556 episodes deep at the time of publication, Kreischer cracks wise with big name comics like David Spade, Natasha Leggero, Tom Papa, Fortune Feimster, Steve O and many more. He’s also known for his long-running show with fellow comedian Tom Segura “2 Bears, 1 Cave” where the two friends/co-hosts make each other and their guests laugh on a weekly basis. Recent guests include Tony Hawk, Kumail Nanjiani, Quentin Tarantino, Neal Brennan and Whitney Cummings. Finally, “The Machine” teams up with Bill Burr on their “Bill Bert Podcast.” Although the podcast has been defunct since June 2021, you can check out their archive which has episodes featuring Doug Stanhope, George Lopez and Nate Bargatze as well as recently deceased comics Bob Saget and Gilbert Gottfried here.  Want to brush up on Kreischer’s act before seeing him live? Here’s where you can stream all of his specials — although truth be told, they don’t compare to seeing his spontaneous, storytelling act live.  Comfortably Dumb (2009) can be partially streamed on Amazon PrimeThe Machine (2016) can be streamed on NetflixSecret Time (2018) can be streamed on NetflixHey Big Boy (2020) can be streamed on Netflix Spoiler: He’s shirtless in three of the four. You have to find out which one he keeps a polo on for yourself.  Say what you will about Kreischer, the man’s life story inspires filmmakers. Over 20 years since “Van Wilder” hit cineplexes all over North America, a Kreischer tale will come to the cinema. This time, it’s “The Machine” starring Kreischer alongside Luke Skywalker himself, Mark Hamill. Currently set for release on May 26, you can catch the Russian film’s wild, red band trailer — which was released on Kreischer’s 50th birthday last year — below.  Many comedians who opt to wear shirts will be on tour this year as well. Here are just five of our favorite can’t-miss acts that just may be coming to a city near you in the next few months. • Steve Martin with Martin Short • Kevin Hart • Jerry Seinfeld • Sarah Silverman • Trevor Noah Need to see what else is out there? We recommend taking a look at our list of the 51 biggest comedians on tour in 2023 here.