Ozzy Osbourne was seen looking frail in his first outing since announcing his retirement from touring. In images captured by Fox News, the Black Sabbath frontman, 74, relied on the help of a cane as he walked from a parked vehicle to the entrance of a medical center in Los Angeles Wednesday. The singer was dressed in black pants and a black turtleneck underneath a long gray dress coat. He accessorized with several rings and a watch. The “Crazy Train” rocker appeared to be in good spirits despite pulling the plug on all of his upcoming shows in the UK and Europe just hours before stepping out. In a statement shared on social media Wednesday, Osbourne admitted that he’s “not physically capable” of performing around the globe as he continues to recover from spinal surgery. Osbourne acknowledged that he “never would have imagined that my touring days would have ended this way.” “I am honestly humbled by the way you’ve all patiently held onto your tickets for all this time, but in all good conscience, I have now come to the realization that I’m not physically capable of doing my upcoming European/UK tour dates, as I know I couldn’t deal with the travel required,” he continued. Osbourne admitted that while his “singing voice is fine,” his physical health has taken a toll for the worse amid his ongoing battle with Parkinson’s disease. The “Iron Man” rocker, who has been living with the brain disorder since 2019, has undergone three operations, stem cell treatments, physical therapy and Hybrid Assistive Limb treatment. “My team is currently coming up with ideas for where I will be able to perform without having to travel from city to city and country to country,” he concluded his announcement. The Rock and Roll Hall of Famer was discharged from a Los Angeles hospital last June after undergoing what his wife Sharon Osbourne, 70, described as “a major operation” that would “determine the rest of his life.” The surgery involved removing and realigning pins in his neck and back. Along with Parkinson’s and a battle with COVID-19, the musician has also been dealing with the aftermath of a 2003 quad-biking accident.