A 13-month-old Milwaukee boy has died after his mother’s “acquaintance” stole her car while he was inside and crashed it minutes later, authorities said. Zarion Robinson was pronounced dead at Children’s Hospital at 1:10 a.m. on Saturday, less than two hours after a 31-year-old woman crashed his mother’s white Pontiac while he was in the backseat, news station TMJ4 reported. Zarion – who died the same day he turned 13 months old – was in an unsecured car seat in the back of his mother’s unlocked car outside her home late Friday night, the outlet said. While his mother quickly ran inside, an unnamed woman sped off in the Pontiac, only to destroy it in a fiery two-car wreck moments later, around 11:30 p.m. First responders found Zarion awake and crying in his car seat, which was face-down on the floor of the Pontiac’s backseat, according to TMJ4, He and the driver were both transported to the hospital, where the infant was eventually pronounced dead with his mother by his side. The alleged thief was treated for non-life-threatening injuries before being taken into custody. Police told the outlet that the occupants of the other car, a green Dodge Caravan, fled the scene. In an interview with the Wisconsin Journal Sentinel, Zarion’s mother Mikayla Tweedie said the reported car thief was an “acquaintance” of hers who was sitting in the backseat of the vehicle before driving away. “Me and my cousin went inside to drop my cousin’s cat off…She took it upon herself to hop in the driver’s seat and pull off with my child in the car. I called her and said I don’t care about the car, I just want my baby back,” the grieving mother recounted. Tweedie said she did not know why the woman tried to nab her car. “I knew her well enough to think she wouldn’t do something like that,” she said. Zarion’s father, Eddie Anthony, told the Journal Sentinel that he wants to “see justice.” “He didn’t deserve it, he had a lot of life ahead of him. Like I said, gone but never forgotten, but it’s a lot of heartache that we will never get over. Everybody’s going to think about it every day, every minute, every second, so it’s tough, it’s hard.” Zarion’s grandfather, Donnie Thomas, echoed his calls for accountability in the crash. “Justice needs to be served,” he said, noting that he was “hurt” when he heard of his grandson’s death. “He just had the most amazing heart. He was an innocent child….He came in the room and everybody would smile,” Tweedie said of her son. Loved ones and locals mourned Zarion on Tuesday night at a vigil and balloon release at the crash site, which is just one block away from the daycare at Bug’s Life Learning Center. “It’s just scary because as we try to protect the babies and children in our care every day, we find out a baby died in a horrible crash right outside our doors,” owner Katherine Poston told TMJ4. “Stolen cars and reckless driving have become too much. We need to protect our babies.”