Presidents’ Day is here. Whether you’re using the holiday to take a vacation or if you simply plan to lounge on your couch, there are a variety of series or movies on offer — ranging from comedy to reality to patriotic and presidential fare. Here’s a rundown of the best selections of what to watch on Presidents’ Day 2023. Why not get patriotic by watching a bunch of American reality stars scheme and plot against each other — all while staying in a spooky castle in Scotland? From Olympic swimmer and professional doofus Ryan Lochte to reality TV star Brandi Glanville, there are stars to root for (or against) in this drama-filled show. It’s an American rendition of a Dutch and British series and is hosted by Alan Cumming. Where to watch: Peacock. If you want some thematically-appropriate viewing, why not watch Daniel Day-Lewis play Abraham Lincoln? The 2012 Steven Spielberg film follows the final four months of Lincoln’s life and his attempts in 1865 to abolish slavery. Sally Field co-stars as Lincoln’s wife, Mary Todd Lincoln. Where to watch: Prime Video. In this reality dating show hosted by former boy band star Nick Lachey, contestants from previous Netflix reality shows including “Love is Blind,” “Too Hot to Handle” and “The Circle” are all brought together to find possible romance (and drama) with each other. Where to watch: Netflix. There’s a marathon of all three “James Bond” parody flicks about the goofy spy, played with aplomb by Mike Myers. Start the morning off with “International Man of Mystery,” followed by “The Spy who Shagged Me” and “Goldmember.” Groovy, baby. Where to watch: 10:30 a.m to 4:30 p.m. on TBS. “The Butler” This 2013 film from Lee Daniels looks at the presidency from the perspective of Cecil Gaines (Forest Whitaker), who worked a long tenure as the White House butler and saw many notable events from the 1950s through the ’70s. It also features Oprah Winfrey, Jane Fonda, John Cusack, and Lenny Kravitz, among others. Where to watch: Prime Video. Many people might have missed this hidden gem of a show, so a  free day is a perfect time to catch up. It’s a quirky and bizarre comedy set in a world where everybody has a superpower — except for the main character, twentysomething Brit Jen (Mairead Tyres). Where to watch: Hulu. If you want to watch something that feels vaguely holiday-themed and you’re also obsessed with Marvel and superheroes, why not revisit the second “Captain America” movie? This one sees Cap (Chris Evans) thrown into a web of political intrigue. Where to watch: Disney+. Co-starring Jason Segel and Harrison Ford, this series follows a grieving therapist as he starts breaking the “rules” and telling his clients his honest thoughts. It’s helmed by Segel, Bill Lawrence and Emmy winning “Ted Lasso” writer/star Brett Goldstein. Where to watch: Apple TV+.