We’ve seen fire and we’ve seen rain, but we’re happiest to see James Taylor on the road in 2023. The Rock and Roll Hall of Fame inductee just announced a 16-concert tour to go along with a few previously scheduled tour dates, a Las Vegas residency and, of course, his annual Tanglewood Music Festival in Lenox, MA on July 3 and July 4. Plus, Taylor and his All Star Band  be stopping into New York for a huge gig at Bethel’s Bethel Wood Center For the Arts on June 29. Taylor’s upcoming tour comes on the heels of his sprawling 2022 jaunt across the globe — clearly, the 74-year-old soft rocker has quite a bit of gas left in the tank. And if you want to secure tickets to hear “You’ve Got A Friend,” ‘Carolina In My Mind,” and “How Sweet It Is (To Be Loved By You)” live this year, you can as early as today. Although inventory isn’t available on Ticketmaster until Friday, Jan. 27, fans who want to ensure they have tickets ahead of time can purchase on sites like Vivid Seats before seats are officially on sale. Vivid Seats is a secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand. They have a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and will be delivered before the event.  Prior to the tour launch, Taylor and his All-Star Band will play a one-off show at Fort Lauderdale, FL’s Broward Center Au Rene on Feb. 25. After that, the “Your Smiling Face” singer’s official 2023 tour will begin with back to back concerts at Woodinville, WA’s Chateau Ste Michelle on May 25 and May 26. From there, the legendary vocalist will take his talents to notable locales like Santa Barbara (May 31), Atlanta (June 16), Cincinnati (June 21), Milwaukee (June 24) and Philadelphia (July 1). As noted earlier, Taylor’s tour comes to a close at Lenox, MA’s Koussevitzky Music Shed at Tanglewood on July 3 and July 4. A complete calendar including all tour dates, venues, show start times and links to buy tickets can be found here.  Midway through the trek, Taylor and co. will stop into Las Vegas for five concerts at The Cosmopolitan from June 3 through June 10 as part of his “Exclusive Las Vegas Engagement.” Can’t decide which show to go to? No problem. We’ve found the cheapest tickets available for each show below. (Note: The New York Post confirmed all above prices at the publication time. All prices are subject to fluctuation and include additional fees at checkout.) Vivid Seats is a verified secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand.  Taylor has stayed fresh over the past few years releasing a number of unique singles like a  collaboration with 86-year-old Buddy Guy, a tribute to Leonard Cohen and two stand-alones: “There She Goes” and “Pop.” His last full-length album, 2020’s “American Standard,” sees the crooner put his son on classics like “My Blue Heaven,” “Moon River” and “Pennies From Heaven.” You can hear the 14-track record in its entirety here.  While Taylor often plays the hits you know and love at his live shows, he’s known for mixing in a few off the beaten path covers as well. If you want to see which Carole King, Dinah Washington and Marvin Gaye covers he peppers into his sets, we recommend checking out Set List FM for a complete picture of what he’s played at recent live shows. Want to go back further? You can see what Taylor played at his very first show in 1969 at Boston, MA’s Unicorn Coffee House here.  Age is nothing but a number. Many stars over 70 (some pushing 90!) are staging massive tours this year. Here are just five of our favorite acts over retirement age you have to catch live when they come to a city near you in the next few months. • Bruce Springsteen and the E Street Band • Billy Joel with Stevie Nicks • Dead and Company featuring John Mayer • Ringo Starr • The Eagles Want even more options? Check out our list of the 22 biggest classic rockers on tour in 2023 here.