Sam Smith and Kim Petras’ controversial Grammys performance was slapped with a myriad of FCC complaints, according to a report. The duo sent temperatures rising while performing their chart-topping song “Unholy” during the 65th Grammy Awards. The risqué rendition saw both singers and their backup dancers clad in blood-red devil-esque costumes. After Smith and Petras raised eyebrows with their creative choices, TMZ reported outraged viewers filed complaints against CBS and the Federal Communications Commission (FCC). The outlet obtained 18 complaints filed with the FCC, with most of them slamming the performance for its “glorification” of Satan. During the performance, Smith, 30, was clad in red leather and donned a hat with horns protruding from it — evoking comparisons to the devil. The nonbinary singer, who uses they/them pronouns, rocked red high-heeled boots and leather pants, and a crimson shirt with a matching collar. Later, they wore a top hat with horns and completed the look with a cane. Meanwhile, 30-year-old Petras donned a little red dress and satanic headgear while performing in a cage surrounded by whip-wielding backup dancers. The stage design complemented the motif as huge flames were shot into the air during the segment. “I will be canceling my television service due to this,” one complaint obtained by the outlet reads. Other critics slammed the performance as “anti-Christian,” saying the theme of it has the potential to “increase violence against Christians.” “It was wrought with evil imagery, and depicted DEVIL WORSHIPING ACOLYTES writhing around on the floor virtually naked, and in CAGES,” another complaint read. “It was broadcast on live television, and I cannot believe that CBS allowed it.” The Post has reached out to CBS and the FCC for comment. The performance left some politicians outraged, including Ted Cruz and Marjorie Taylor Greene who found it “evil” and “demonic.” “This…is…evil,” Texas Sen. Ted Cruz tweeted, with Megyn Kelly blasting the act on her SiriusXM daily podcast “The Megyn Kelly Show” as “celebrating Satan.” “First of all, if you are a man, you do not need nipple covers,” Kelly said. “What are you doing with nipple covers? Nothing’s coming out of that nipple that you need to cover it whatsoever. Okay? So take them off.” Smith also donned nipple covers in the music video for the hit song “I’m Not Here to Make Friends.” Later in the night, both Petras and Smith — who both were still clad in crimson — won the Best Pop Duo/Group Performance Grammy for the song. “I’m the first transgender woman to win this award,” said an emotional Petras. “I want to thank all the incredible transgender legends before me who kicked these doors open.” Petras, the 30-year-old German singer-songwriter, identifies as transgender. Born a male, she transitioned to female at the age of 13.