Olivia Dunne is stirring buzz on social media with her latest Valentine’s Day posts. The 20-year-old LSU gymnast and social media influencer shared a series of stunning photos to Instagram on Tuesday that showed her posing in a white dress while holding a bouquet of red roses. “He loves me…he loves me not,” Dunne wrote in her caption. The photos were taken outdoors, with the college athlete sitting on a wooden bench. Dunne shared the post to her Instagram Story, writing, “lots of love for y’all.” In a separate post, which included a selfie of the blonde beauty, she wrote, “Happy Valentine’s Day.” Dunne also took to TikTok to share a Valentine’s Day-themed video that showed her twirling in a black dress and heels. She held a different flower arrangement in the clip, which was titled, “be mine” — and mouthed a filter that said, “If you want to make out with me, just ask. I’ll say yes.” On Sunday, Dunne posted a selfie to her Instagram Story that showed her rocking Joe Burrow’s white LSU jersey. Dunne has been a fan of Burrow since he was a Tiger, and the two share the same agent. Dunne, who has nearly 10 million followers across Instagram, Twitter and TikTok, has become a social media sensation in a short time after she burst onto the gymnastics scene at LSU. The New Jersey native currently earns seven figures in brand deals and NIL — including partnerships with Vuori clothing, College GameDay, GrubHub and American Eagle. In October, she topped the On3 Sports list of female NIL moneymakers, which estimated her value at $2.3 million. Earlier this month, Dunne’s followers expressed concern after her TikTok suddenly disappeared for a brief time. The gymnast later shared that a glitch was the reason behind the issue. Dunne, who is a junior on a four-year athletic scholarship at LSU, made headlines last month when a massive crowd of screaming male fans showed up at the Tigers’ season opener against Utah in Salt Lake City. The fan attention sparked a police presence at the gymnastics meet, which led to LSU implementing new security measures. The No. 8 Tigers will host No. 2 Florida at the Maravich Center in Baton Rouge on Friday.