A former worker at King Charles’s home has outed herself as the “older” woman who took Prince Harry’s virginity. Sasha Walpole, who is now 40 and just two years older than Harry, said she and the prince had a quickie when she was 19 during the summer of 2001, The Sun reported. “It was literally wham-bam between two friends,” Walpole said. The tryst took place in a field behind a pub where both had been drinking while celebrating Walpole’s birthday. They downed shots of tequila, Baileys and sambuca and stepped outside to smoke, according to the report. They walked through a beer garden and climbed over a fence to the field. Walpole said Harry wore boxers and there was no chatting or words. Afterward, they made their separate ways back to the pub and, although they had been gone just minutes, the prince’s security team was looking for him, she said. She said a friend ended up driving around with one of the guards looking for Harry, who was in a phone booth down the road. “I didn’t know Harry was a virgin at the time. Then it kind of dawned on me that perhaps he was,” Walpole said, noting the young prince never had any girlfriends that she knew about. Harry was two months shy of his 17th birthday at the time. Walpole worked at the stable at Highgrove, his father’s residence, and said the two teens were “mates.” The identity of Harry’s lover had become a guessing game after the prince described his first time as an “inglorious episode” with an older woman in his bombshell new memoir “Spare.” He wrote that “she liked horses, quite a lot, and treated me not unlike a young stallion.” “Quick ride, after which she’d smacked my rump and sent me off to graze,” he wrote. Walpole said she didn’t mind the “inglorious” description. “It wasn’t that glorious. We were drunk and having sex in a field,” she said. “It’s never going to be glorious.” Walpole, now a mother of two who drives excavators, said she hadn’t seen Harry since that night and never planned to reveal the encounter. “I’ve kept this a secret for 21 years. I would never have said anything if he hadn’t put it in his book,” she said. “I have to say it in my words.” Speculation about the identity of Harry’s possible lover included Suzannah Harvey, a former model and CEO of Cotswold Airport in England. Harvey had once described a steamy encounter she had with Harry at a Christmas ball. Actress Elizabeth Hurley denied she was the prince’s lover after rumors swirled that she was the mystery woman.