Naked, afraid — and burned on his nether regions. “Naked and Afraid” contestant Sam Mouzer burned his penis (“but just the tip!”) while filming the upcoming Season 15 premiere of the Discovery+ reality TV series. The UK native’s penis — which he described as his “little soldier’s helmet” — was singed by a spark when a fire pit was being stoked for heat at the remote filming location, the high desert of New Mexico. Mouzer, 38, and his co-contestant Lilly Jammerbund were snoozing by the open flame sans clothing, as seen in video obtained by TMZ. The panicked father of two then yelped as he felt painful heat creeping up his private parts. However, Mouzer didn’t have to stay in agony for long, as on-set medics were able to treat his burns. He reportedly kept his cool and laughed all the way through the discomfort as the health-care pros did their thing. The new season drops Sunday and will see Mouzer and Jammerbund braving the wilderness for six weeks. Among other challenges the pair will have to face are dangerous temperatures, scorpions and snake doo-doo. Each episode centers around two strangers who are dropped into the wilderness with no food, water or clothes. The duo must make a shelter, start a fire, find food and essentially survive for 21 days without any garments on them. This is far from the first headline-making moment generated by “Naked and Afraid.” One-time contestant Melanie Rauscher was found dead on July 17 in Prescott, Arizona. She was 35. The former reality star was dog sitting in the city while the homeowners were out of town. Upon their return, they discovered Rauscher dead in their guest room, near several cans of dust cleaner containing compressed air. Meanwhile, Season 13 of the survivalist series introduced its first ever transgender woman, Florida native Terra. “People like me don’t get chosen for things like this,” said Terra, 38, who was assigned a male gender at birth but began transitioning six years prior because she had “always felt female” growing up, The Post reported at the time. She appeared on the episode of the Discovery Channel series that took place in Zambia, Africa. Terra is a US Air Force veteran and served for 12 years. She was able to live for the duration of the episode in the wilds with just a knife. On the episode, she also spoke about her transition, saying it was “the hardest thing I’ve ever done, but so worth it.” “Things on the outside aren’t what they are supposed to be at this point in my transgender transition,” explained Terra. “I do have breasts, and I do have the male genitalia still.” The Season 15 premiere of “Naked and Afraid” streams Sunday, Feb. 19 on Discovery+ and will also air on the Discovery Channel.