Republican Arkansas Gov. Sarah Huckabee Sanders delivered a scathing rebuke of “the radical left’s America” during the GOP rebuttal to President Biden’s State of the Union address on Tuesday. Sanders, who served as White House press secretary under former President Donald Trump, attacked what she called the Biden administration’s “woke fantasies” and what she called its worship of “false idols” in her blistering remarks. “In the radical left’s America, Washington taxes you and lights your hard-earned money on fire, but you get crushed with high gas prices, empty grocery shelves, and our children are taught to hate one another on account of their race, but not to love one another or our great country,” Sanders said Tuesday night. “The Biden administration seems more interested in woke fantasies than the hard reality Americans face every day,” Sanders said. “Most Americans simply want to live their lives in freedom and peace, but we are under attack in a left-wing culture war we didn’t start and never wanted to fight.” “Every day, we are told that we must partake in their rituals, salute their flags and worship their false idols – all while big government colludes with Big Tech to strip away the most American thing there is: your freedom of speech,” she added, an apparent reference to the bombshell Twitter Files reports late last year that detailed the FBI’s successful bid to influence Twitter to censor The Post’s explosive 2020 report on the Hunter Biden laptop. She went on to offer a GOP vision of the country with “strong families” and “safe communities.” “Republicans believe in an America where strong families thrive is safe communities; where jobs are abundant and paychecks are rising; where the freedom our veterans shed their blood to defend is the birthright of every man, woman and child,” she said. Sanders became the youngest governor in the country, at 40, after her November victory over Chris Jones in Arkansas, which offered a youthful contrast to the 80-year-old president who delivered the State of the Union. “At 40, I’m the youngest governor in the country. At 80, he’s the oldest president in American history,” Sanders said in her rebuttal. Sanders, the daughter of former Arkansas governor and failed presidential candidate Mike Huckabee, said that a “new generation” of Republican leaders is “stepping up” to be “changemakers for the American people.” She has so far declined to say whether she will back former President Donald Trump’s 2024 White House bid. In her remarks Tuesday night, Sanders made no reference to her ex-boss by name, but she did tell an anecdote about traveling with Trump, 76, and former first lady Melania Trump to Iraq in 2018. Sanders recalled troops who had “absolutely no idea that the President and First Lady were about to walk into that room” being excited to see the Trumps visit their US military base in western Iraq the day after Christmas. “One of the young soldiers yelled from the back, ‘Mr. President, I reenlisted in the military because of you.’ The President said, ‘and son, I am here because of you,’” Sanders recalled.