They will always love her. Jennifer Hudson and “Yellowstone” actor Kevin Costner honored the late singer on Saturday during an emotional tribute at the 2023 Clive Davis gala, which happens before every Grammy award show, reports Entertainment Weekly. Houston, who died on February 11, 2012 at the Beverly Hilton Hotel, was discovered in her hotel room having accidentally drowned in the bathtub due to a combination of cocaine and heart disease. “We were both struck by Whitney the first time we first met her,” said Costner, who starred with with “How Will I Know” singer in the 1992 film “The Bodyguard.” “Whitney would be our common ground, and from that moment we all worked as one collective … so powerful that for one moment in time the entire world seemed focused on this one country song.” The film included a rendition of Dolly Parton’s “I will Always Love You” which served as one of the film’s iconic songs and further rocketed the star into further fame. “Whitney had become the most celebrated singer of her generation, but she was an untrained actress and it was unclear if this was something she should aspire, to or even something that was good for her career. All three of us would take a huge leap,” continued Costner. According to the “Yellowstone” actor, the singer saw the film as a way to reinvent herself. The actor also revealed that Houston’s manager Clive Davis was adamantly against doing the film, as he saw it as a “recipe for disaster.” “Maybe this isn’t the room for it, but I don’t want to miss the moment. And it’s, uh, from the heart. Neither one of us, in the end, could protect your beloved Whitney,” Costner said to the 90-year-old Davis. “But your fingerprints on her life are clean my friend. You were a miracle in her life. Thank you for being her bodyguard, Clive … Everyone in this business has a mom, but not everyone has a Clive.” Davis later took the stage where he was “fully overcome” by the actor’s speech. “That was just a ‘wow’ from me, Kevin. I thank you from the bottom of my heart,” sobbed Davis. Jennifer Hudson honored the late singer by singing a powerful rendition of Houston’s “Greatest Love of All.” The “American Idol” contestant took the stage in a shimmering silver dress and told the late singer, “we love you” before belting out the tune to a standing ovation. The 2023 Grammy Awards will air on Sunday, February 5, 2023 at 8 p.m. EST on CBS and be available to stream on Paramount+ and will be hosted by Trevor Noah.