A second video showing a meat-cleaver wielding double amputee being shot and killed by police in Los Angeles exists, but authorities are shielding it from the public, a lawyer for the family told The Post Thursday. The final seconds of Anthony Lowe Jr.’s life as he attempted to flee from able bodied officers on his stumps has been widely seen on grainy cell phone footage, but the part where he is shot multiple times is obscured by a car. Cops claim Lowe — who had just stabbed someone — was attempting to throw the cleaver at them when they shot him, but attorney Christian Contreras claims security footage from a nearby business shows the incident in a different light. “There’s a video out there that is in the possession of the sheriff’s office that shows the shooting in its entirety, including the critical moments when force was used…when Mr. Lowe was shot,” said the Los Angeles baed lawyer, who is representing Lowe’s 15-year-old son. Along with demands for the second video to be made public, Contreras announced he will file a lawsuit against the Southern California city on behalf of Lowe’s son for no less than $100 million. “Our immediate demand is for the prosecution in the murder of Anthony Lowe. We’re also asking for the termination or some sort of administrative consequence for these officers because the last that we were informed of was that these officers were going to be back to their regular position in a number of days.” Officers from Huntington Park in South Central Los Angelse were called in after Lowe stabbed a person in an apparently unprovoked attack on Jan. 26. Jumping out of his wheelchair Lowe, who reportedly lost both of his legs last year, swung a butcher knife at officers and ignored their commands as they tried to take in him into custody. They say they deployed a taser on him twice before eventually, shooting Lowe multiple times as they feared he had attempted to throw his knife at them twice. Distrustful of law enforcement, the Lowe Family plans to ask for an independent autopsy, the attorney shared. “If you guys are here to protect and serve us, protect us. Serve us,” Lowe’s cousin Anthony Fuller said. The Los Angeles County Sheriff’s Department’s homicide unit is investigating the shooting, following protocol for officer involved shootings from other departments, the unit’s Lt. Hugo Reynaga told the LA Times. The unidentified Huntington Park officers involved in the shooting have been placed on paid administrative leave — which is also standard when officers are involved in a shooting. The Huntington Police Department did not immediately respond to The Post’s request for comment. 36-year-old Lowe had lost his legs in the last year, after in incident in Texas shrouded in mystery, Contreras said. “What I’ve been told is that he was walking down the street and he was harassed by police officers and it lead to some sort of confrontation where it caused him to have his legs amputated,” the lawyer confirmed — adding he has received conflicting versions of the story from family members. “At this point, it’s questionable how it even happened,” he explained. “All we know is that it happened in Texas.” The person Lowe had stabbed, leading to his fatal confrontation, sustained “life-threatening” injuries including a “collapsed lung and internal bleeding” and remained in critical condition, according to reports Thursday.