An ex-Marine says an old girlfriend has been relentlessly harassing him, his family and current sweetheart – including sending X-rated photos and videos of him, court papers allege. The fed-up Mount Ephraim, N.J., man had a long-distance romance with Dezarae Collins, 27, for over a year, but she was “unable to handle” their 2015 breakup and “embarked on a years-long course of harassment,” he claims in a New Jersey federal lawsuit and in an interview with The Post. “I didn’t think this would be something I would have to drag around with me forever and something I would have to explain to every romantic partner I would ever have,” the 29-year-old man – whose identity is being withheld – told The Post. The former Marine corporal – identified as S.S. in the suit – has “lost multiple jobs,” had to change his phone number over 100 times, and had strained relationships with his family, former girlfriends and a current partner who were all targeted by Collins’ harassment, the court papers allege. S.S. and Collins dated for about a year-and-a-half, but because she lived in Oregon — and for much of that time S.S. was deployed abroad — he sent her the racy photos and videos, the filing says. He said during his Marine deployment, he often had no phone signal — and when he came to a port, “my phone would explode with texts.” Collins even called through to his command to try to reach him, he said. “I couldn’t take it anymore,” he said. “I wanted to break up with her.” Yet afterward, “she kept pushing and pushing and trying to get back with me,” he said. S.S. and his parents would allegedly get concerning calls from Collins threatening to kill herself or telling him she missed him, he said. According to S.S., Collins mailed his family letters – including one with a naked photo of him. And he alleged she called and texted him, his family and loved ones countless times from 22 different phone numbers — and has contacted his friends on social media. S.S.’s current girlfriend told The Post that Collins allegedly contacted him 5,500 times in the span of 10 days in October 2022. S.S. alleges that beginning that same month, Collins escalated the harassment by sharing X-rated photos of him with his current girlfriend, her family and his family, the filing claims. In total, Collins sent them two videos and 12 images over 77 times by text message, the suit claims. She also posted a naked photo of S.S. on Craigslist. “She doesn’t give up,” S.S. said. S.S.’s girlfriend told The Post she got fired from her job a few weeks ago — with her employer telling her they didn’t want anything to do with the drama after she took time off from work to go to court and got called in by the police over the issues with Collins. Throughout the years, S.S. said he tried getting restraining orders — which were difficult to follow through with since he was traveling for the Marines. And both he and his current 33-year-old girlfriend struggled to get a restraining order because of the complications of living in different states from Collins, the current girlfriend claimed. Earlier this month, S.S. and his family — who have made reports to the cops — successfully won a restraining order against Collins, according to police and state records obtained by The Post. He’s suing for at least $150,000. “I want it to cease and be done with,” S.S. said of his lawsuit hope. The current girlfriend said she hopes information obtained in the federal suit will help prosecutors to bring a criminal case against Collins. She said prosecutors have had a difficult time with the case since Collins lives in Oregon and they reside in New Jersey. “I hope she will leave us alone,” the girlfriend said. “I hope [the lawsuit] will keep other people protected from her.” The girlfriend alleged Collins works with children in the field of psychology — and “that’s scary.” Daniel Szalkiewicz, the lawyer for S.S., told The Post: “Our client has lost years of his life to Defendant’s harassment, always fearing when and how Defendant would strike next. “His intimate images have been shared with his family, his fiancee’s family, and the world at large.” Collins didn’t return The Post’s request for comment.