In 2023, you can finally hear “Sister Golden Hair,” “A Horse With No Name” and “Ventura Highway” and “Lonely People” live. From Feb. 3 through Aug. 26, classic rock icons America will play 32 huge concerts all over, well, North America. And if you’re in New Jersey, you’re in luck this year. Dewey Bunnell and Gerry Beckley’s America have five gigs lined up in the Garden State over the next few months. First, the duo will perform back-to-back nights at Collingswood’s Scottish Rite Auditorium on Feb. 17 and Feb. 18. From there, they’ll swing into New Brunswick’s State Theatre on March 3, Englewood’s Bergen Performing Arts Center on March 4 and finally Atlantic City’s Ovation Hall at Ocean Casino Resort on June 10. They’ll also be at Rochester, NY’s Kodak Center on March 11. Not too shabby for a band that’s been together for 53 years and won the Grammy for Best New Artist way back in 1973. However, if you follow America’s Instagram, it appears that the 70-year-old rockers haven’t lost a step at their live shows either. They’re still rocking as hard as ever. Plus, as a cherry on top of that, we’re happy to report that tickets are fairly inexpensive too. At the time of publication, we wound some seats that were going for as low as $37 before fees on Vivid Seats. All prices are subject to fluctuation. Want to find the right show for you? Keep reading — we’ve got everything you need to know about America’s upcoming tour below.  Bunnell, Beckley and the rest of America have big shows all winter, spring and summer. Just a few of the biggest shows on their itinerary include dates in Canton (March 16), Honolulu (April 15), Kansas City (June 2), Milwaukee (July 12) and Detroit (July 14). The fun comes to an end on Saturday, Aug. 26 at Los Angeles’ YouTube Theater. A complete calendar including all America tour dates, venues, show start times and links to buy tickets can be found here.  Even the most casual America fan knows the band will play their aforementioned greatest hits. What else is on the band’s 21-song set list though? Setlist.fm reports that America often opens with “Tin Man” and plays original cuts like “Don’t Cross The River,” “Daisy Jane” and “Greenhouse” among many other classics. It also appears that they mix in a few classic rock staples from The Beatles, The Mamas & the Papas and  Russ Ballard as well. For those that want to dig deeper, we recommend checking out the band’s exhaustive setlist.fm page which has records of what tracks America played live at shows dating back to their early days in London.  Fun fact: 1/2 of America isn’t American born — singer and guitarist Dewey Bunnell was actually born in Yorkshire, England to an American serviceman father and his English wife. As for Gerry Beckley, he was also born to an American father and English mother. The only difference is he originally hails from Forth Worth, TX. Bunnell and Beckley ended up forming the band with fellow founding member Dan Peek — who passed away in 2011 — in the late 1960s when the three attended London Central High School in Bushey Hall in north west London.  Many 70s rock stars are now in their 70s and show no signs of slowing down. In fact, dozens of the biggest names from the pre-disco era are still going strong and will perform at arenas and stadiums all year long. Here are just five of our favorite acts you won’t want to miss when they come to a city near you. • Bruce Springsteen and the E Street Band • Billy Joel with Stevie Nicks • Ringo Starr • Dead and Company • The Eagles Want to see who else is on the road this year? We’ve got you covered. Check out our list of the 22 biggest classic rockers on tour in 2023 here.