I’ve been working in morning television on and off for about 30 years now. The show I’m on now, “Fox and Friends,” is the best job I’ve ever had. The reason? Because I’m treated with respect and part of a team that genuinely cares about one another. That hasn’t always been my experience. Two decades ago, I moved to New York for an opportunity that should have been the best career decision of my life: to work with the infamous broadcaster Don Imus. What started out as a dream come true quickly became a nightmare. He treated me terribly, to the point where I would have anxiety every day I walked into the studio. It’s one thing to be abused off the air, but he also enjoyed making me feel uncomfortable and embarrassed while the microphones were on. At the time, there wasn’t much we could do. The bosses all knew what was happening and apologized on behalf of his behavior, but Imus made the company so much money the only way out was to leave. And so I did. A few months ago, when I started seeing headlines about another “Don” belittling and “screaming” at his co-workers, that sick feeling started coming back. I was recently reminded that a few months ago Don Lemon decided to ask very well-respected commentator S.E. Cupp if she was suffering from “mommy brain” after she accidentally misquoted a statistic. You could tell when he said it S.E. didn’t quite know how to react, but she handled it like a pro. But Thursday, Lemon gave my former, now deceased co-worker Imus a run for his money. He suggested Nikki Haley, 51, was “not in her prime,” which is reserved for women in their “20s and 30s and maybe 40s.” His co-host Poppy Harlow, who is 41, was clearly shocked by this assertion. “Wait . . . prime for what?” And then Lemon backed up his statement by stating his facts: “Don’t shoot the messenger. Google it.” I wasn’t the only one outraged by Lemon’s remarks — there were hundreds of tweets and retweets from all sides of politics, ages and genders. A few hours later came the walk-back tweet. Many mistakenly thought this was an apology: “The reference I made to a woman’s ‘prime’ this morning was inartful and irrelevant, as colleagues and loved ones have pointed out, and I regret it. A woman’s age doesn’t define her either personally or professionally. I have countless women in my life who prove that every day.” A statement like that one makes zero reference to the woman he targeted his comments toward and the ones that he worked with. Not to mention the viewers he insulted. Follow The Post’s coverage of CNN’s Don Lemon So what happens next? Lemon was not on TV Friday morning, and there are reports his company is not happy with what just happened. But this isn’t an isolated incident. There are many more examples showing this is a problem. He’s not going to change, and there will be other embarrassing, insulting moments if there isn’t any action. And for people like me, who have worked with many “Dons” in broadcasting, we need to speak up on behalf of others who are having to deal with this kind of abuse. Because if there’s one thing I’ve learned in this business and “in my prime” of life, I won’t ever be treated like that again. I won’t be the first one to leave because of someone else’s bad behavior. I will call it out, report it and stay the course without fear or favor. And I’m pretty confident there are lots of us “Prime-Timers” who would do exactly the same. Janice Dean is a senior meteorologist on Fox News.