Tax season calls for vast preparation and control over your personal finances. If you’re just starting with improving your finances, or looking to expand your existing knowledge, this money management bundle is an excellent investment to make in your future. You could learn anything money-related, from the basics of personal finance and budgeting to maximizing your retirement account and completing income tax forms with this 26-hour bundle. For a limited time, you can get all of this potentially life-changing financial information for just $19. You’ll have to act quickly though, since this deal only lasts until March 2. Tax season is rapidly approaching and you may be considering tackling them yourself this year to save some extra cash. Traditional college courses on personal finance are expensive, and could be difficult to fit into your schedule. These online finance courses may be the start of you finally reaching those personal financial goals you’ve long had. You can learn core financial concepts and how to utilize them for your own needs through these ten courses. Learn to budget, save, and build your wealth through courses like Financial Independence 101, Simple Basics of Personal Finance, Budgeting 101: A System That Works, and much more. With lifetime access and future updates included, you can access and use all this information for years to come. Save yourself money and stress by learning to do your own taxes. One course, Individual Income Tax Form 1040 Comprehensive Problem, teaches you practices of tax professionals that may increase your understanding and accuracy of filling out your income tax forms. A handy class for upcoming and future tax seasons, you could possibly save a few extra bucks with filing tips and tricks. This course bundle is created by experts in finance, including Ron Trucks. Trucks, a small business coach and college instructor, has a rating of 4.6 out of 5 stars from his students. His and the other instructors’ expertise could change your financial future. Take charge of your personal finances and grab The Essential 2023 Money Management Bundle now for only $19. Invest in your future with this limited-time offer, which ends on March 2 at 11:59pm Pacific. Prices subject to change.