WASHINGTON – Rep. Marjorie Taylor-Greene took the House Oversight Committee’s first hearing investigating the FBI involvement with censoring The Post’s Hunter Biden laptop story as an opportunity to talk about herself. While her GOP colleagues used their time with former Twitter executives to investigate the company’s decision to censor The Post’s 2020 expose on the infamous laptop, the Georgia congresswoman did not ask a single question, opting instead to complain about the social media company’s previous decision to block her account. “You can consider your speech canceled during my time because you canceled mine,” Taylor-Greene told the witnesses, referring to her allotted time to ask questions of them. “You see, you permanently banned my personal Twitter account – and it was my campaign account, also.” The hearing kicked off the newly Republican-controlled committee’s crusade to investigate allegations that Hunter Biden used his position as the then-vice president’s son to secure lucrative consulting jobs with foreign companies. The panel was intended to provide information on how the federal government influenced the story’s suppression. Taylor-Greene, who is freshly back on committees after Democrats booted her for populating conspiracy theories on the platform, proceeded to use nearly all of her allotted five minutes to decry Twitter’s decision to ban her account after repeatedly posting misinformation about the coronavirus pandemic. “Jan. 2, 2022, you permanently banned my Twitter account. This was the account that I would put my campaign ads on, raise money on, fight back when attacked with lies and be able to talk to my voters in my district, but you banned it,” she said. “My account was not reinstated until Nov. 21, 2022. That was after my election on Nov. 8.” The social media platform returned Taylor-Greene’s account after it was purchased by Elon Musk, who ordered multiple previously banned accounts – including that of former President Donald Trump – be unblocked. The congresswoman, who referenced herself roughly 30 times in the hearing, claimed Twitter blocked her for sharing her opinions on the COVID-19 vaccine, including that she “didn’t think that any entity should enforce a non-DEA, non-FDA approved vaccine of mask.” “Guess what – a lot of people agreed with me but you call that COVID misinformation,” she said. “By the way, I’m a member of Congress and you’re not.” While she briefly turned to the “violation of countless conservative Americans,” including “people that were having success treating people with [horse dewormer] Ivermectin,” she did not mention the Biden family nor FBI interference at all. Taylor-Greene was not alone in hijacking the hearing. Democrats also used their time to distract from the hearing’s central topic, in a seemingly coordinated attempt to steer the conversation into addressing Twitter’s role in the lead up to the Jan. 6, 2021 riot at the Capitol. “[Jan. 6] is a real issue, unlike something that happened a couple years ago for 24 hours that has already disappeared in the sands of time,” Rep. Jamie Raskin (D-Md.) said, belittling the Hunter Biden allegations. “I was skeptical about revisiting the whole New York Post thing where there have already been congressional hearings and they’ve already apologized for their little lapse.”