This week hasn’t been Tiger Woods’ best time of the month. The golf legend was blasted by a women’s empowerment group for a tampon prank Thursday at the Genesis Invitational in what marked his first PGA Tour event in seven months. Kara Sugar, the CEO of the Women’s Global Empowerment Fund, said Woods’ gag was “misogynistic” and “tone-deaf” and “straight-up disrespectful to women and girls all over the world,” per TMZ. She continued, questioning if Woods is insinuating that “periods are embarrassing or shameful or a sign of weakness?” The non-profit organization is based in Denver, Colorado, and aims to support women through economic, social, and political programs, while battling gender inequality. All was going well for the 15-time major champion during Thursday’s opening round — his first on Tour since the British Open last July — when a Getty Images photographer captured Woods slipping playing partner Justin Thomas a Tampax tampon after outdriving him on the ninth hole. The gesture suggested that Thomas was playing like a girl. Many took to social media to criticize Woods, while some also defended him. Former pro golfer turned influencer Paige Spiranac tweeted, “If anyone tries to cancel Tiger over this we riot. It’s funny.” The Women’s Global Empowerment Fund didn’t think so, though. Woods, 47, has a 15-year-old daughter, Sam, and the group said the intended “joke” does not set a good example for her and distracts from how women and female athletes handle their periods while living life normally. Following his second round on Friday, Woods apologized, explaining it wasn’t meant to be sexist. “It was supposed to be all fun and games and obviously it hasn’t turned out that way,” Woods said. “If I offended anybody, it was not the case, it was just friends having fun. “If I offended anybody in any way, shape or form, I’m sorry. It was not intended to be that way. It was just, we play pranks on one another all the time and virally I think this did not come across that way but between us it was — it’s different.” Woods made the cut in the tournament despite shooting a 3-over 74 on Friday with bogeys on three of his last four holes. He’ll continue on with the conclusion slated for Sunday.