There’s no doubt about it — a trench coat is a true tribute to timeless style, offering a tailored, polish and put-together look for any occasion. Much like women’s trench coats, men’s offer a similar straight, collar-lapel silhouette (oftentimes with a belt) and are a transitional weather must-have. “Originally designed for British soldiers in WW1, the trench coat is regarded as a modern day fashion staple, due much in part to the fact that its original design hasn’t changed over time, yet its popularity has remained consistently cult-like, giving it its iconic style-status,” Jordan Stolch, celebrity and personal stylist, as well as the CEO/founder of MIKADO, a full-service concierge personal styling firm, told the New York Post. To give you the real deal on this outerwear classic, we turned to Stolch who shared everything there is to know about trench coats in our in-depth FAQ section, along with hand-picking their 11 favorite styles. New York Post Shopping also included three styles we just had to mention. Buckle up (literally) — this edit is a treat and a half. Burberry has the quintessential classic trench coat, and rightfully so. “Made from water-repellant cotton gabardine, a fabric invented by Thomas Burberry in 1879, and lined in the design houses’ signature print, this iconic style is the investment piece you’ll never regret purchasing,” Stolch notes. If the traditional belted styling feels too formal and restrictive, this contemporary zippered alternative is an excellent choice, according to Stolch. “This Rag & Bone trench infuses an edgier appeal into the classic look — perfect for the office, date night and everything in between,” she adds. If you’re looking for a classic trench, look no further than the iconic Mackintosh ‘Oxford’. “The covered placket creates a streamlined silhouette on the body — a perfect accompaniment to a more minimalistic, understated sense of style,” Stolch says. Known for its edgy, rock and roll aesthetic, John Varvatos consistently delivers out-of-the-box styling — and certainly is the case with this trench. “Pair it with dark wash jeans and your favorite boots to create a stand-out, effortlessly polished look,” Stolch recommends. Trench coats can often be intimidating because of the price tag, but don’t have to be. “If you want the classic look without the Burberry budget, Mango makes an excellent option that doesn’t compromise on style,” Stolch points out. If you’re looking for the pinnacle of sophistication — look no further. “This Ralph Lauren design draws inspiration from traditional Glen plaid tweeds, combined with the brand’s panache for exquisite tailoring,” Stolch mentions. “You have a home run with this trench coat.” If you’re ready to infuse more personality into this outerwear staple, Vince Camuto has you covered with this gingham printed style. “The single breasted construction keeps this coat feeling fresh and versatile,” Stolch adds. Subtle yet noticeable, Topman nails this casual trench. Not to mention, it’s “perfect for those days you don’t want to think too hard about an outfit and know that your coat will pull the look together,” according to Stolch. This utility style trench merges innovation with craftsmanship and is perfect for the frequent traveler. “G-Star’s technical gabardine fabric is high-performance and wrinkle resistant, meaning no iron required when you take it out of your suitcase,” Stolch says. A modern take on an iconic style, this Ferragamo trench ditches the traditional double breast for a single row of buttons. “The architectural detailing on the front and back make this coat a must-have for the fashion enthusiast,” Stolch notes. Athleisure meets stylish outwear with this heritage 3-in-1 check trench from Lacoste. “The hooded inner vest can be worn separately, or styled as a layer underneath the coat, making it a great alternative to some of the dressier alternatives,” Stolch points out. For years, London Fog has been a reliable name for trench coats that aren’t upwards of $3,000. For just $150, its button-closed, traditional style is perfect for transitional weather and to honor that chic, timeless look. Just shy of $100, H&M has a sleek Regular Fit Double-Breasted Trench Coat that is so lightweight, it reminds us of our favorite rain jackets. Not to mention, it looks impeccable with a pair of jeans. Paying homage to the classic trench silhouette, the Adam Baker Single-Breasted Trench Coat is another budget-friendly pick that makes a great gift. Not to mention, it comes in various shades to suit your look. Jordan Stolch, celebrity and personal stylist — as well as the CEO/founder of MIKADO, a full-service concierge personal styling firm — told the New York Post everything you need to know about trench coats before buying one, including the hottest trends right now. While no longer worn to keep mud off of a soldier’s uniform in the trenches, the style of today remains as the bridge between functionality and fashion in the men’s outerwear category. “Its 3/4 length cut offers protection from the elements, while its classic masculine aesthetic strikes the balance between practicality and polish,” Stolch explains. “This ability to satisfy the middle ground makes the trench coat the true fashion staple that it is.” The traditional men’s trench coat hits just below the knee, however various lengths are available among differing styles: full-length, 3/4 length and above the knee. “As a general rule of thumb, the shorter you are, the more you want to pay attention to the length of your coat, avoiding styles that overpower your natural frame,” Stolch recommends. The original design of the trench coat featured the classic D-ring belt as a means of attaching military equipment, such as grenades, to the soldier. On the flipside, today’s styles often include this design element to maintain the integrity of the original look, however belt-less options have become very popular as a more relaxed, understated alternative. “A belt naturally draws the eye to the middle of the body,” she adds. “If this is not your ultimate goal then you’re best to go belt-less.” Unlined v. lined is another major differentiating factor among trench coat styles, a decision generally based upon climate. “Unlined styles are light in nature, to be worn in warmer weather and often more for aesthetic than functionality,” Stolch notes. “On colder, or more variable weather conditions, when staying warm and dry is of the utmost importance, styles with removable linings or sewn-in linings make for greater alternatives.” Ornamental shoulder pieces, otherwise known as epaulets, were a design element of the military trench coat  — the place where officers could attach insignia and establish rank, Stolch explains. “Many of today’s styles still include this feature, however more minimalistic options are often designed without,” she adds. “These modern-day shoulder tabs are strictly for aesthetic purposes.” The greatest asset of the trench coat — hands down — is its unrivaled stylistic versatility. “With its classic design and unassuming polish, it can easily transition from casual to dressy,” Stolch explains. “This inherent ability to be styled in a multitude of ways is what makes this staple a year-round bedrock in the men’s outerwear category.” More, it’s a great option for every day ensembles, and pairs well with denim, Chelsea boots, button downs, sweaters and even hoodies. “It also lends itself to more formal settings, styled with trousers, dress shirts and blazers, and is even one of the few outwear pieces that looks excellent over suiting,” she adds. The trench coat is generally lightweight in nature and adaptable in most temperatures, due to the most common fabrics and materials it is constructed of. “Wool or cotton gabardine, cotton drill, serge and even leather, are common fabrics used to create trench coats,” Stolch lists. “Currently trending is an emphasis on unique details and interesting add ons,” Stolch points out. “The trench coat of 2023 is the classic style, but up-leveled with a modern twist.” Think ornate hardware buttons and buckles and relaxed construction that aligns with the more dressed-down style zeitgeist of the moment, she adds. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.