Patrick Kane is officially a New York Ranger. It’s the type of trade that writes its own headlines as Kane has been one of the biggest stars in the NHL since he was drafted No. 1 overall in 2007. But you’ll notice that, as much buzz as it generates with fans and the media, the Kane move won’t really tilt the odds that much in the betting market. We may see some minor adjustments as bookmakers prepare for casual money to come in on the Rangers — a big-market team in a legal betting state — but we’re not talking anything major. The Rangers have been hanging around +1200 for a few days now and as of writing they’re sitting at +1100 at BetMGM. There are a couple of reasons why this trade isn’t going to cause any major shifts. For one, this was one of the worst-kept secrets in sports. It became evident last week that the Rangers were going to do the necessary salary cap gymnastics to make room for Kane on their roster. If there was going to be a big adjustment stemming from the trade, it would have happened then. Another reason that this trade won’t move the odds much is that it doesn’t really make the Rangers that much better. Sure, Kane is a gifted offensive dynamo, but the Blueshirts already had plenty of those kind of players in tow. In fact, they just traded for another one a few weeks before Kane in Vladimir Tarasenko. Kane adds talent to the Rangers, but does he move the needle enough to make them more of a threat in the Eastern Conference, which features six of the top seven favorites to win the Stanley Cup? There’s plenty of upside with the move. That’s not the debate here. It’s just whether this is what the Rangers needed to get through what will be a gauntlet in the Eastern Conference. Plus, Kane has been dealing with a nagging hip injury all season and his numbers this year — especially his defensive impacts — are down. The Blueshirts have had near-perfect health all season and now have very little flexibility if that luck runs out. If you are a Rangers fan and you’re looking to have some skin in the game, by all means throw some dough on your team — no judgment for that. But if you’re wondering if you should do it right now, the answer is probably no. Barring a crazy hot streak from the Rangers, this number will likely be there for you when the playoffs start, or you can just do a rolling parlay with New York’s series moneyline once the tournament starts.