A Super Bowl wasn’t enough for Brittany Matthews. Her husband, Chiefs quarterback Patrick Mahomes, earned his second Lombardi trophy and second Super Bowl MVP award Sunday in the franchise’s last four years. And he did it all on a high right ankle sprain against the NFL’s best pass rush — the Philadelphia Eagles — in a 38-35 triumph. Despite the celebratory moment, Matthews still had one issue. “I think a lot of people need to apologize for what they said about this team at the beginning of this season,” the certified personal trainer wrote on Twitter, followed by a laughing-crying and smiling emoji. Matthews’ assertion echoes the disrespect star tight end Travis Kelce has been harping on in postgame interviews following the Super Bowl and AFC Championship game. It’s been part of a busy few days for Matthews on social media. On Tuesday, Matthews, 27, posted a photo of her gameday outfit on Instagram along with daughter Sterling Skye Mahomes, captioning the post “Bought this outfit to wear to the Super Bowl while I was pregnant. Glad it fit & Knew we were gonna be there!” Many others along with Matthews, Chiefs fans or not, believed so, too. Surely there were some doubters, though most NFL pundits agreed the Chiefs were among the Super Bowl favorites throughout a dominant 14-3 regular season that saw them grab the top seed in the AFC. After their Week 8 bye, the Chiefs’ only loss was a 27-24 defeat to the Bengals in Cincinnati. If anything, the Eagles and quarterback Jalen Hurts were the team with lower expectations heading into the season. “If there was any doubters left, there shouldn’t be now,” Mahomes said of Hurts after Sunday’s game. “I mean the way he stepped up on this stage and ran through the ball — whatever it took for his team to win — that was a special performance. I don’t want it to get lost in the loss that they had.” “It was a special performance by him, man and make sure you appreciate that when you look back on this game.” Matthews also posted an Instagram story video, showing her standing on a chair in a luxury box at the Super Bowl, jumping and cheering her husband and the Chiefs to victory. The celebration has continued outside of her tweet, posting joyful photos from the big day.