Having your parents babysit your kids is great – it’s free, (well, sometimes), convenient, plus they get to spend some one-on-one time with your little ones. But one mom on TikTok realized that it can come with its own costs – from having your dad text you 24/7 to ask where condiments are or how to refrigerate pizza, to seeing security camera footage of him dropping your son off for school 30 minutes late. Luckily for us, she’s chronicled the whole thing in the interests of public entertainment. Posting to her account @almostmakesperfect, the lifestyle and parenting influencer, Molly, shared the viral clip. The video began with a happy snap of her and her hubby. “How to have a relaxing babymoon – don’t ask your dad to babysit,” the text over the picture read. She captioned the video, “never again.” Molly then creates a hilarious montage of everything that happened back home while she was on holiday. Firstly, we see security camera footage of her dad locking the door as he leaves the house with her son. She wrote, “Heading to school 30 minutes late without a backpack.” Next up is a funny text exchange where her dad sends a photo of the toaster oven settings and asks her, “Which one?” She replies, “The one that looks like bread all the way to the left.” Still not understanding, her dad writes, “One looks like pizza and one looks round like an English muffin,” and DO YOU NOT REMEMBER, your daughter is on her babymoon? Molly simply replies, “Interesting interpretation.” But he doesn’t sense her bluntness. “One that looks like pizza worked,” he sent back later, and these are not the sort of updates she was hoping for. On a separate night, he asks, “Where is the guacamole and sour cream?” She tells him where they’re located in the fridge but he still struggles to find them. And in a third installment of the text exchanges, he sends a picture of a half-eaten pizza and asks, “Huge pizza. Should I refrigerate? Put in plastic bags?” The mum responds, “Yes, you should refrigerate leftover pizza.” She then asks her dad to send pictures of her son, like most parents might when they’re away… but he doesn’t. Her dad instead replies, “Why? You know what he looks like.” Molly then texts someone else who is helping look after her son, “Can you secretly take a pic of my dad, is he just sitting on his phone?” And the photo she receives really just epitomizes the whole week. Her dad is swigging a beer in the kitchen in the background while her son is glued to a tablet. This is honestly a meme waiting to happen. The mom’s comment section was filled with other mothers who had hilarious stories about letting their parents watch their kids. “I asked my FIL for a pic of my baby so he sent me a pic that I sent him of her last week ,” one person shared. Another wrote, “My seven-year-old told my dad we leave him alone all the time so dad left him alone and went to a three-hour meeting.” Someone else commented: “Dad needs a babysitter ” “Love how he didn’t mind sending you pictures of the toaster and the pizza but was confused about why you wanted one of the kid, ” a different woman pointed out. And while a lot of parents joked about how clueless the dad was, a lot of people also pointed out the positive side of it all. “This is sweet. Don’t be stressed, your kid will remember amazing times with grandpa.” one replied. A second said, “Kid had the best week of his life and will remember it forever ”