His highness may be getting a kick out of this animation humiliation. Prince William’s funny bones are in for a good tickling, owing to the recent, thinly-veiled slings aimed at his estranged brother Harry and Meghan Markel via the Comedy Central animated series “South Park.” And royal experts predict that the prince will struggle to maintain his composure at the sight of cartoon depictions of the exiled Duke and Duchess of Sussex chanting, “We want privacy,” on a national platform. “William, I’m sure, doesn’t watch ‘South Park,’” said a royal insider on “Good Morning Britain” on Friday. “But I reckon one of his friends will have seen it on social media and [sent a clip his way].” The Buckingham Palace whisperer continued of the prince, “I think he’s probably seen it and will have had a wry smile on his face [when watching].” Prince William, 40, and Harry, 38, have reportedly been embroiled in familial discord since the younger of the royal brothers married Markel, 41, in May 2018. Shortly after tying the knot, the newlyweds officially stepped back their regal designations in February 2021 and relocated to California in an effort to create “space” between themselves and the royals out of the public eye. However, Harry and Meghan have since come under fire by critics questioning the couple’s purported pursuit of privacy while simultaneously making explosive statements against the majestic family — many of which were made in Harry’s 2023 memoir “Spare.” The irony of the pair’s conduct seemed to serve as the butt of the latest “South Park” episode, titled “The Worldwide Privacy Tour.” Show creators kicked off the cartoon with a disclaimer, insisting that all characters — even if based on real people — were, in fact, fictional. However, noting the curly red hair of the male caricature, and the tan complexion of his female companion — both referred to as the “prince and princess of Canada” — viewers quickly surmised that drawings of the “dumb prince” and his “stupid wife”  were meant to poke fun at Harry and Meghan. During the cheeky episode, the couple, who’ve been publicly bashed for besmirching the Canadian monarchy, appears as guests on “Good Morning Canada,” where they brandish picket signs reading, “We want privacy!!” and “Stop looking at us!” “We just want to be normal people. All this attention is so hard,” says the prince, who’s promoting his tome entitled “Waaagh.” The couple later boards a flashy private jet to embark on their “Worldwide Privacy Tour.” In an attempt to seem “normal,” the twosome ultimately tries settling down in South Park, where they’re fiercely met with hatred — namely from show star Kyle. “They have this huge jet parked in front of my house, and they keep on wanting me to buy their book,” Kyle laments. “I‘m sick of hearing about them. But I can’t get away from them, they’re everywhere. In my f–king face.”