Don’t turn the channel! By channel, we mean this page, as those looking for the best Presidents Day television deals should tune in and tune out the rest. As usual, The Post is on it when it comes to rounding up holiday deals — no matter the holiday! For Presidents Day 2023, we have discounts on fashion, furniture, appliances, mattresses and more. Back to this TV programming, for those who want an upgrade to a better flatscreen, a discount on a new smart TV or even some major savings on the coveted Frame TV — a real work of art — you’re in the right place. Read on for the best TV deals of Presidents Day 2023, starting right now and running through the weekend and some into the following weeks. Be sure to check back frequently, as prices, deals and stock are subject to change. Turn your living room into a home theater and then into an art gallery with the Frame TV. The 55-inch model is now on sale direct from Samsung, now $300 off. Upgrade your streaming experience with this 4K Smart TV, with a price tag that rarely dips below $2,000. For a limited time, grab this screen for $1,699 — a whopping $500 off! Think even bigger and upgrade to a 65-inch screen right now. Shop at Best Buy and get the Toshiba TV, equipped with Fire TV capabilities for live streaming and an assortment of built-in apps. Life is good over at LG. The 48-inch screen has a 4K resolution, and an LG brightness booster for those too-dark shows and movies we love to watch. This TV hits the bullseye if you were aiming for a good deal on a smaller screen. The 40-inch TV is great for the office or even in a bedroom, coming with Smart TV capabilities and a full HD display. Our good-deal senses are tingling! The Hisense TV is a larger one, coming in at 65-inches, and fully equipped with Google TV, now $70 off. Did you know a TV could rotate? This screen is something else, as it is able to rotate vertically for an immersive gaming experience and then back to horizontal when it’s time for TV or movies. Yes, we saw the price on this one! The LG television is now 20% off, or $153 off in total for a limited time. Plus, you can use your Amazon Prime account for super speedy shipping and free delivery. Hey sports fans! Get a load of this TV, which is now on sale for an insane discount — 55% off! The 55-inch screen is also a Roku Smart TV, with all the apps and controls you need to watch the game, a movie or show. This TV brings the heat! Get a new Amazon Fire TV right now and save over $250 that you can spend on popcorn for movie night instead. Also, the 75-inch screen is the biggest on this list, perfect for a screening room or the living area. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.