If you’re American and reading this right now, you probably think of a sauna as that hot wooden closet across the hall from the steam room at your health club. However, for many around the world, the dry sauna plays a much more substantial role in their lives than just the hot room, which may or may not be on the list of healthy activities one does after using the rower, exercise bike, or elliptical machine at the gym. In fact, the act of relaxing in that small, dry, hot space for a while is said to date back anywhere from 2,000 to 10,000 years, depending on whom you ask. Whereas the exact origin is nearly impossible to track down, there is overwhelming evidence the sauna closest to what we think of it today started in northern Europe. So, it’s no surprise that in many European countries, including Estonia, Latvia, Russia, and Finland – the country most well known for its saunas and sauna culture – you can easily find families with saunas right at home. If you don’t believe us, then ask yourself why the only Finnish word to make it into everyday English is, you guessed it, “sauna.” That’s why you can find at-home saunas in the States, but they aren’t readily available at your local at-home sauna store. You just have to know where to look; lucky for you, you’re looking in the right place. We have spent the time researching and asking the professionals to find out what you need to look for in the best at-home sauna. “In addition to being relaxing, dry heat saunas have many incredible benefits for the body,” Board-Certified Doctor in Family Practice and Regenerative Medicine, Dr. Neil Paulvin, told The Post. “According to a study, high temperatures can boost your circulation, reduce inflammation, alleviate chronic pain, reduce joint stiffness, and even help strengthen the immune system.” If that doesn’t sound like a reason to learn more about the best at-home saunas, we don’t know what does. Below you will find our picks for the best personal home saunas of 2023. As the only home sauna shown to almost entirely cancel both ELF and EMF (extremely low frequency and electromagnetic field), Sun Home uses proprietary True Wave full-spectrum carbon-ceramic heaters in all Clearlight Sanctuary saunas to deliver unmatched, full-spectrum infrared power. Moreover, Clearlight’s full spectrum technology provides the deepest penetration of infrared heat. The Clearlight Sanctuary sauna is available in basswood or mahogany, and there are many models available to fit two, three, and four people. Product Dimensions: Interior: 45 inches long, 38 inches wide, 74 inches tall Exterior: 48 inches long, 43 inches wide, 77 inches tall Weight: 425 pounds Positive Review: “Fast, easy setup, beautiful finish, quality construction, and we enjoy all the health benefits every day.” If you’re on a budget but still want a high-quality, FAR infrared home sauna, Dynamic Saunas is a great place to start. This Bluetooth-compatible indoor home sauna cost may not be the lowest on the list, but it’s crafted from reforested Canadian hemlock wood, and features remote-controlled chromotherapy lighting. This sauna is designed to look great and work well. Canadian hemlock is strong and sturdy and has highly visible woodgrain in light brown color. Product Dimensions: Interior: 32 inches long, 36 inches wide, 72 inches tall Exterior: 36inches long, 39 inches wide, 75 inches tall Weight: 265 pounds Positive Review: “We love our Sauna. It’s very well made, easy to assemble and it’s a wonderful experience for home. So Relaxing.” If you’re looking for a sauna big enough for two and want to save a little money while you’re at it, Dynamic Saunas offers a quality investment with the Maxxus Toulouse infrared sauna. With six infrared carbon energy efficient heating panels operating at 1750 watts, each user has three panels worth of infrared power all to themselves. Use interior or exterior controls to adjust and display color therapy lighting, built-in reading lamp, and AUX connection with speakers. Product Dimensions: Overall Dimensions: 42 inches long, 50 inches wide, 75 inches tall Weight: 250 lbs Positive Review: “I am thrilled with our purchase … It assembles in minutes with built-in buckles that simply connect the sides as they stand on the base. No tools needed for that at all. Connecting wires was just a matter of plugging well-labeled pieces together … Then just plugged it into a regular plug, and it worked. Heats up in about 25 minutes … Fits two people easily. It is absolutely comparable to the $7,000 one we looked at buying from a local store.” The corner design alone elevates this Canadian hemlock wooden sauna, undoubtedly making it a focal feature of your home. With seven carbon heaters and a seven-chromotherapy light system, there are plenty of opportunities for one, two, or three people to reap the perceived benefits of this indoor infrared sauna. The design includes recessed lighting, a CD player with AUX input and radio, towel hooks, a magazine rack, two cup holders, and an oxygen ionizer. Product Dimensions: Interior: 49 inches long, 49 inches wide, 68.5 inches tall Exterior: 53 inches long, 53 inches wide, 75 inches tall Positive Review: “Our first sauna, it went together relatively easily and seemed to work really well. We love it; we use it almost on a nightly basis. It is very relaxing.” This sauna is excellent for up to four people and is especially great thanks to it’s fully ADA-Compliant design. Featuring the proprietary True Wave full-spectrum heating system, this handsomely designed sauna supplies all beneficial infrared wavelengths (near, mid, and far) to ensure a fully optimized sauna experience. You can use the app to control all elements of the sauna (up to 36 hours in advance) so there are no worries about needing to stand up or move around to feel the benefits. Product Dimensions: Interior: 61 inches long, 71 inches wide, 81 inches tall Exterior: 64.5 inches long, 76 inches wide, 85.5 inches tall Weight: 780 lbs Positive Review: “Since owning the Clearlight Sanctuary Retreat Infrared Sauna, I look forward to the time and days I can relax in the sauna. Takes away my aches and pains and calms me. Having it in my home makes the process so quick and easy. No more driving to a gym to use their sauna. Love it!” If money is tight, or you’re only wanting to dip your toes in the world of at-home spa ownership, this is the perfect home spa design. The portable sauna is the best compromise at a height that allows most people to stand up fully. It is quick and easy to set up, and includes a heated floor mat and a remote to make controlling the unit easy. Product Dimensions: Disassembled: 7 inches long, 16 inches wide, 43 inches tall Assembled: 35.4 inches long, 35.4 inches wide, 70.9 inches tall Positive Review: “The previous [personal saunas] I had were normal with your head sticking out, but this one was a FULL SAUNA, and you could walk inside and zip your entire body inside … After I got it, I set it up, put towels on top (recommended by other people), and waited a few minutes. When I sat inside, it was HEAVEN, and now I can burn calories and listen to music or audiobooks in the comfort of my own home. Get your money out and buy this IMMEDIATELY – if NOT SOONER!” If saunas could be sexy, it would be this Muskoka outdoor option from Sun Home. Being designed from 100% red cedar and using Saaku electric heaters and volcanic stones makes this home sauna experience like no other. Available for four people or six people, this is an investment for the true sauna enthusiasts. Buy this, and you’ll find a lot of new friends in the neighborhood coming by to say hi. Product Dimensions: 4-person Exterior: 78 inches long, 71 inches wide, 83 inches tall 6-Person Exterior: 91 inches long, 91 inches wide, 83 inches tall Positive Review: “After owning this for a few months, it’s clear this is a premium sauna and is going to last me a lifetime. High-quality build – thanks, Sun Home!” When looking for your new home sauna, it’s essential to know where you will place it. Depending on the capacity – usually from one to six people – a home sauna can go in a large bedroom, a basement, a garage, or even outside. Remember that the bigger the sauna, the more power it will require. Therefore, you may need something that offers more electrical power than a standard 120-volt, 15-amp outlet. This doesn’t depend only on your aesthetic taste but also on where you will be placing your personal sauna. Unless a sauna is explicitly designed to be used outdoors, it should be placed indoors to ensure it is not damaged by the elements. How often are you going to be using your sauna, and with whom? If you intend to use your sauna occasionally and alone, a lower-cost design with a smaller footprint may be the best investment. If you intend to use the sauna often and with others, purchasing something more established incorporated in the design of your home may be a better way to spend your money. “Dry saunas increase your body temperature, which, in turn, will increase your heart rate and circulation,” says Paulvin. “Similar to a cardio workout, your heart has to work harder to circulate your blood in higher temperatures.” “The primary differences between a traditional dry sauna and an infrared sauna are their temperatures and the way they generate heat. With the ability to reach 195 degrees, a traditional sauna’s heat can feel overwhelming, while the infrared sauna uses milder temperatures up to around 160 degrees,” explains Alain Palinsky, founder of Kollectiv in New York City. “Additionally, dry saunas are heated using an external heat source that heats the skin externally. Infrared saunas, on the other hand, use lightwaves to heat the body on a deep cellular level.” “Both heat therapies will have similar benefits (they just distribute heat differently), but with infrared, you: can last longer than a traditional sauna,” explains Remedy Place founder Dr. Jonathan Leary. “Infrared heats up faster [and] releases more toxins in your sweat.” “Infrared saunas are a safe, natural and non-invasive way to heal the body on a cellular level,” adds Palinsky. “Unlike traditional saunas, Infrared light saunas heat the body from the inside rather than heating the air. Using harmless lightwaves on the electromagnetic spectrum, the benefits of Infrared Light Saunas [can] include detoxification, muscle recovery, skin rejuvenation, heart health, immune health, weight loss, and stress relief and relaxation.” Dry saunas increase your body temperature, which increases your heart rate. “Similar to a cardio workout, your heart has to work harder to circulate your blood in higher temperatures,” Paulvin explains. “Long-term, using a sauna regularly (three to four times a week) can help lower blood pressure. Research (study here) also shows that people who regularly use a sauna have a significantly lower risk of heart attack, stroke, and dementia.” Paulvin continues by telling the New York Post that if saunas are used for a prolonged period of time and in extreme temperatures (over 150 degrees Feirenheight), you can become overheated and dehydrated. “Less serious side effects include headaches and nausea.” “More serious side effects can include a heat stroke,” he continues. “According to a 2018 study, negative side effects can include hypotension (low blood pressure), leg pain, heat exhaustion, airway irritation and claustrophobia.” “You should consult your doctor if you’re taking medication or have a medical condition before using a sauna,” says Paulvin. “Anyone with a medical history of heart disease, low or high blood pressure, circulatory problems, or diabetes should consult a physician prior to use,” Palinsky explains. “Heat stress increases cardiac output and blood flow in an effort to transfer internal body heat to the outside environment via perspiration and respiratory system. Anyone with cardiovascular issues should consult a physician prior to use.” “Joints that are chronically hot and swollen may respond poorly to vigorous heating of any kind,” Palinsky continues. “Recent (acute) joint injury should not be heated for the first 48 hours or until the swollen symptoms subside. The magnets used to assemble [some] saunas can interrupt the pacing and inhibit the output of pacemakers. It is recommended to discuss with your doctor before using a sauna if you are using these devices.” “Pregnant women, men trying to reproduce or children under 16,” Leary adds. “Unless you have a contraindication, find a way to incorporate this into your routine – it is a must!” Here at New York Post Shopping, we take reviewing brands, products and services very seriously. We read every review we can to make the most well-thought-out decision – and have no problem sending something back if it falls short of our expectations. Everyone at The Post takes an analytical, well-sourced approach to anything we would spend our money on before we suggest how you should send yours. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.