The daughter of Bill Gates and his ex-wife, Melinda French Gates — Microsoft heiress, equestrian, medical school student and new mom Jennifer Gates — is living in a grand $51 million Tribeca triplex penthouse with its own plunge pool. The 8,900-square-foot pad, with 3,400 square feet of outdoor space, was bought via a Seattle-based trust connected to Gates last month, Gimme Shelter can reveal. The massive penthouse is at the celebrity-approved 443 Greenwich St., and was formerly owned by Formula 1 race car champ Lewis Hamilton, who sold it to a different Seattle-based trust in November 2021 for $49.5 million. That initial purchase was recorded shortly after Jennifer Gates — who boasts more than half a million follows on Instagram — married Olympic equestrian Nayel Nassar in October 2021 at her 124-acre, $16 million Westchester horse farm, which was a gift from her parents after she graduated from Stanford University. Gates and Nassar have since celebrated the birth of their first child. (In 2018, Jennifer Gates’ parents also bought her a $5 million apartment at 1212 Fifth Ave., which had once been home to Carmelo and La La Anthony, Gimme Shelter previously reported. That unit is now for sale, as The Post reported in December, via the same Seattle-based trust connected to Gates.) Past and present celeb residents include Jennifer Lawrence, Meg Ryan, Justin Timberlake and Jessica Biel, Ryan Reynolds and Blake Lively, Harry Styles, Jake Gyllenhaal, the Weeknd and more. (Hamilton first listed the penthouse for $57 million in 2019 after buying it for $43.99 million in 2017 and never moving in, as Gimme Shelter also previously reported.) A former listing calls the penthouse the building’s “crown jewel,” with six bedrooms, six baths, two powder rooms, 20-foot-high ceilings, multiple terraces and two parking spaces. (The building has just 15 parking spots.) The home, which is the largest in the building, features its own elevator. Design details include pine beams with steel fittings, 17 restored windows and a chef’s kitchen. There’s also a glass-encased top level with floor-to-ceiling glass windows and nearly 3,500 square feet of terrace space — with that plunge pool and outdoor seating — as well as an additional penthouse living room with a gas fireplace, a wet bar and a powder room. Amenities include a 70-foot indoor pool, a gym with locker rooms, a Turkish bath and a 5,000-square-foot landscaped roof terrace. The Post has reached out for comment.