SZA’s 2022 album “SOS” just tied Taylor Swift’s “Folklore” for the most weeks a female artist’s record has stayed at number one on the Billboard charts with eight. Riding that wave of momentum, the R&B star’s highly-anticipated, nationwide “SOS Tour” will kick off on Tuesday, Feb. 21 at Columbus, OH’s Value City Arena. Midway through the run, the “Kill Bill” singer will stop into New York City’s Madison Square Garden for back-to-back nights on Saturday, March 4 and Sunday, March 5. At the time of publication, tickets are still available for all 19 of the 33-year-old’s concert dates but they aren’t particularly cheap. And if you feel like you need to throw up an “S.O.S.” because you’re not sure which show to go to, we’ve got your back. Our team found the best prices for all upper-level and floor seats for each of SZA’s 19 upcoming concerts. So, sit back, throw on your favorite track from “CTRL” or “SOS” and get ready to scroll.  A complete calendar including all tour dates, venues and links to the cheapest upper deck and floor seats available can be found below. (Note: The New York Post confirmed all above prices at the publication time. All prices are subject to fluctuation and include additional fees at checkout.) Vivid Seats is a verified secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand. They offer a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and your tickets will be delivered prior to the event.  In addition to its commercial success, the 23-song “SOS” has proven to be a hit with critics as well. Rolling Stone said the record “delivers sharp barbs and juicy revelations” in a four-star review. “SZA’s long, ambitious, luxurious new album solidifies her position as a generational talent,” raves Pitchfork. They summed up that sentiment calling her “otherworldly, but you just might know someone a little like her, too.” If you want to brush up on the record before you see her live, you can stream “SOS” here.  At each of her 19 shows, SZA will be joined by rising star Omar Apollo. Not one to be put in a box, Apollo’s sound mixes R&B, soul, Latin music, and bedroom pop to create a wholly original sound. Last time we wrote about Apolllo, we recommended his biggest single “Evergreen” (You Didn’t Deserve Me At All.” This time, we’d like to put the deceptively simple “En El Ovido” on your radar. With lyrics en Espanol and a hypnotic guitar strum, it’s been stuck in our heads all day. You can stream all three of Apollo’s albums here.  It’s hard not to be excited for the this year’s crop of mega stars on the road. Although it isn’t easy to whittle down, here are just five of our favorite R&B stars on tour this year. • Beyoncé • Janet Jackson • Lizzo • Jill Scott • Ari Lennox SZA has often said she dislikes being labeled by genre. If you feel the same way as a fan and want to see all types of acts live this year, we recommend checking out our list of the 52 biggest concert tours in 2023 here.