A Colorado police officer has died after he plummeted 40 feet from a bridge while tracking down a carjacking suspect, cops said. Married dad of two Julian Becerra died at a local hospital Saturday night more than a week after he was critically injured during the criminal pursuit, officials said. The Fountain police officer was 35 and previously served in the US Air Force. “We appreciate the public’s outpouring of support over the past week for Officer Becerra, his family and the Fountain Police Department,” department spokesperson Lisa Schneider said in a statement. Officers were called in to assist the Department of Corrections to track down three carjacking suspects around 4 p.m. on Feb. 2 that led to several pursuits throughout the area, police said. At one point, the suspects even attempted to steal another car, before officers were able to disable their ride around 8 p.m. near a Colorado Springs bridge, Fountain Police Commander Mark Cristiani said. Becerra chased after the driver when he fled from the car, and during that pursuit he fell from the bridge and into a riverbed, Cristiani said. During the chase, the driver tried to jump off the bridge, but officers grabbed him before he fell over, police said. Becerra, a four-year veteran of the department, was placed on life support Friday, surrounded by loved ones, The Gazette reported. Becerra’s brother-in-law lauded Becerra days before he died as “just a fantastic guy.” “I’ve actually gotten to learn a lot from him as a dad, and a great husband as well, just always there for his family, and never complaining,” David Alderman told Denver 7. Suspects Devon Bobian, 31, Danisha Pacheco, 28 and Anthony Vallejos, 37, were arrested in connection to the car chase, police said. Bobian and Vallejos were taken into custody on multiple active felony warrants, as well as multiple felony charges tied to the chase, Denver 7 reported. Pacheco was facing felony charges for his alleged involvement in the pursuit. Becerra leaves behind an 8-year-old daughter and 1-year-old son, according to the TV station. A procession was held late Saturday to move his body from the hospital to the El Paso County Coroner’s Office, the department said. Fountain Mayor Sharon Thompson said in a statement Sunday the city is “heartbroken” over Becerra’s death, according to The Gazette. “Fountain will forever be grateful for the selfless service and bravery of Officer Julian Becerra, and we are so proud and thankful for all our police officers and first responders who keep our community safe every day,” Thompson said. With Post wires