There’s nothing worse than wearing an uncomfortable bra. Whether you fancy bralettes or push-ups (or prefer wearing no bra at times) it’s important that your go-to undergarment is flattering, fits properly and supports you the way it should. (Related: best plus-size bras). And, without us even realizing it, we may be walking around with a cup size too big or a band size too small (or, the flip-side). Bras come in a buffet of options, so it’s important to choose one that you don’t even have to think about — and that’s where this expert-backed guide comes into full-service. “Understanding sister sizing can help you perfect your bra size,” Tania Garcia, director of fit at CUUP with 20 years of bra-fitting experience, told the New York Post. “‘Sister sizes’ are sizes that share the same cup volume with different band sizes. If the band size goes up, then the cup size goes down — and vice versa.” Ahead, we outlined a highly detailed FAQ section where two of our bra-fitting experts outlined all there is to know about figuring out your perfect bra size at home — including what to do if you run into gaping cups, spillage, loose straps and more. Before your bra-fitting cheat-sheet, we also outlined our 10 favorite brands to shop at for bras in all shapes and sizes — all of which we’ve personally worn and reviewed. Feeling good shouldn’t come with extra effort, and now, you just have to read on for the 411. With a lean on hand-making the most flattering lingerie, direct-to-consumer brand Adore Me has it going on in the bra department. We’ve tried both its bras and underwear and, when paired together, offer (1) comfortability and (2) breathable, secure support. One of our favorites is the Cyla Push Up ($24) with fully adjustable straps and contrasting lace detail at the sides. For the ultimate T-shirt bra you’ll want to wear all around the house (as we do), the Clairabelle Push-Up ($30) is the one garment we can’t stop recommending IRL. Aerie is continuously known for its buttery soft styles (note: its loungewear is a true testament to why you need to do a full-on shopping spree), and its collection of bras is no exception. When in doubt, we reach for one of these. A tried-and-true favorite of ours is the Real Sunnie Wireless Push-Up Bloom Lace Bra ($27) that is so soft, it feels like a bralette with added support. It’s also lightweight, so you won’t see it through white tanks or netural tops. We also recommend the brand’s Eyelash Lace Padded Plunge Bralette ($20) for an easy toss-on when lounging around or running errands. And, as far as strapless bras go, Aerie is, by far, our favorite online destination for them. Meet the bra line we’ve been shopping at since our middle school days: Calvin Klein. Notoriously known for its Modern Cotton Unlined Bralette ($30), it’s one of our favorites for simple, breathable support, making it one of the most versatile. And, even though you won’t see numeric or alphabetical-band sizing with these styles, we just had to throw CK in as one of our favorite destinations for bedtime-soft bras. As its name suggests, Cotton On has cotton-soft garments worth shopping. If you’re on the prowl for affordable bras that are comfortable and can double as lingerie, shop Cotton On. The retailer has its intimates line with several feel good options that will make you feel confident and supported. Its Cassie Lace Contour Bra ($35) is one of our favorites for smaller and larger busts alike, along with the brand’s Body Smoothing Underwire Bra ($35). We think they’re a hidden gem as far as ordering bras online go, and one that you should surely dig into. If we can award a brand for most inclusive sizing, it would be CUUP — hands-down, no questions asked. Not only are you receiving a silky luxe bra upon checkout but the brand is especially great for petite and plus sizes. With vast band sizes (30 to 44) and generous cup sizes (A to H), rest assured that there’s a perfect fit waiting for you on your computer screen. Namely, the brand’s Demi Spacer & Mesh Bra ($78) feels supportive, looks great and will be your trusty go-to. Plus, depending on what style you purchase, it’s equally as good for serving as subtly sexy lingerie. Though not with band and cup sizing, there’s nothing quite like Girlfriend Collective’s sports bras. With one glance at a product photo, you can tell its fully supportive, has breathable ribbed material that conforms with you and pairs perfectly with leggings. The spotlight we’re shining is on the brand’s RIB Paloma Racerback Bra ($52), the only style you’ll ever need for low- and high-impact workouts alike (or, no workouts at all, if you’re on the market for something that’s quick to slip on). We can’t stop raving about it. Though it looks it, Intimissimi offers far more than lingerie (consider the brand elevated undergarments, because that’s precisely what it offers). Like its Silvia Lace Push-Up Bra ($59), you’ll parade all day in full, wireless comfort. Plus, the straps are extra stretchy, supportive and comfortable. Also, to feel like royalty, we can’t stop raving about the Pretty Flowers Sofia Balconette Bra ($69). It’s regal enough to show off but comfortable enough to wear every day. Known for its all-day comfort, Lively has a classic catalog of bras that are soft to the touch and, conveniently, sold at Target. Though extra-comfortable for larger busts, its array of sizes appeal to petite frames as well. One of our most-reached-for styles is the brand’s All-Day Deep V No-Wire Bra ($45), a seamless fit that mimics some of your finest shapewear. Keep in mind that sizing for this brand runs a bit large at the cups, so it may be worth sizing down (for example, if you’re a D cup, consider a C). But, more on that in our FAQ section. If you listen to podcasts or go on social media a ton, you’re likely no stranger to Thirdlove. They’re a direct-to-consumer brand offering a wealth of bras, loungewear and other comfy garments at the click of a button. While it’s No. 1 Bra ($72) is one of the brand’s best-sellers, we feel the 24/7 Second Skin Unlined Bra ($72) is the crème de la crème. With its scoop-neck detail and generous sizing options, it’s an offering designed for everyone. Keep in mind that Thirdlove’s bras tend to run a bit small (depending on what hook you wear it on; we typically opt for the tightest prongs), so consider ordering a larger cup size. More on that in our expert-backed FAQ section, though. OK, this wouldn’t be a bra roundup without a mention of Victoria’s Secret. After testing nearly a dozen bra brands, Victoria’s Secret is the truest to size, gives you ample lift (if desired) and has some of the dreamiest options. Speaking of dreamy, the brand’s Dream Angels Lace Push-Up Bra ($60) is a top-rated option and one we consistently wear to ensure it’ll stay on all day. If you’re looking for a strapless bra with a bit of stick — to also ensure it’s safe and secure all day — look no further than the Sexy Illusions Uplift Strapless Bra ($55). Ahead, two bra-sizing experts with a combined 30+ years of experience highlight every bra-facing question you have. Keep reading to ensure you’re equipped for your next bra-shopping adventure. Please note sizing may differ from brand to brand. Measuring yourself isn’t as difficult as you’d think. All you need is an unlined bra and soft measuring tape, or a ribbon and a ruler. “You’ll need to take two measurements – your band and your bust, Tania Garcia, director of fit at CUUP with 20 years of bra-fitting experience, told The Post. “Once you have the two numbers, follow the size chart for the brand of bra you want to buy.” Keep in mind measurements differ from brand to brand. Stacey Oliver, personal shopper at the iconic Bloomingdale’s Flagship with more than 11 years in the bra-fitting and wardrobe-styling space, provides a step-by-step guide: When a bra feels uncomfortable, it’s usually because you’re wearing the wrong size. “There are many reasons for discomfort – gaping or wrinkling in the cups, poking or digging in the wire, tightness or looseness in the band, straps falling off or the back of the bra riding up,” Garcia notes. “Whatever the reason is, if you’re uncomfortable or not happy with the fit of your bra, you’re probably wearing the wrong size.” Ahead, Oliver gives us the 411 on how to ensure each component of your bra is properly fitted: First, examine the band. Most support comes from the band so it should start snug without being uncomfortable. “See how it feels after a couple of hours of wear – if it’s noticeably tight, you will want to adjust your band size,” Garcia advises. “But, if the band feels loose on the body or is riding up in the back, it’s probably too big.” Then, give a close look at the cups. “If you have spillage or overflow that you can see through a shirt, you may have to adjust to your cup size,” she adds. “If your breast doesn’t fill the cup (i.e. gaping, wrinkling) then the cup is too big.” Most importantly, see how it feels. “This process requires trial and error, so don’t shy away from trying on several sizes to see what feels right,” Oliver points out. Interestingly, your band will grow looser over time, so make sure you start with a snug fit on the loosest hook – you can dial in as it stretches out. “The purpose of multiple hooks is so as your bra stretches overtime you can move inward to the next set of hooks and maintain a snug and supported fit,” Oliver explains. So, when you purchase a new bra, the band should feel snug on the loosest hook. Fabrics stretch and soften with wear, too. The right bra size and style will hold all of your breast tissue. “If there’s gaping, try a cup size down and if there’s spillage, try the size up,” Garcia recommends. When you size up or down in the cup, you may need to adjust your band size to keep the same volume. Straps should always stay in place, but it may take some adjusting. “First, try tightening them and know that one side might need more than the other — your boobs are sisters not twins,” Garcia says. “If the straps are still falling down, you may need a smaller band size.” Almost everyone has one breast that’s bigger than the other. “If you have a big difference between cups, we recommend accommodating your larger side as it can be super uncomfortable and unflattering to have the bra cutting in,” Garcia recommends. Garcia recommends a balconette-style bra for asymmetric breast shapes. Athletic breast sizes allude to wider breasts with more muscle and less tissue. “A great choice for an athletic breast shape is a padded plunge, push-up, demi or balconette style because these will lift the volume of the breast from the base, giving a more rounded, even look,” Oliver says. “A wireless bralette could also be great as it has stretchy fabric that can lie flush against the skin.” It’s also worth noting to avoid full-cup bras as they will most likely gape at the top. Like a geographic map, east-west breast sizes allude to nipples that point outward, from east to west. “This depends on the density of the breast tissue and might need some trial and error,” Garcia notes. “Typically, plunge and balconette bra styles work well with east-west shapes but a demi bra will help center the shape.” Bell-shape breasts refer to a slimmer shape at the top and fuller toward the bottom, almost like a pear. “With more volume at the bottom, you’ll want something with firm hold,” Oliver advises. “Full-cup underwire bras, as well as balconette styles, can be good fits for a bell-shaped breast.” If you’re working with a size that’s all-around full, you want to consider a variety of styles. “All styles work well if breast tissue is full all over,” Garcia highlights. “It just comes down to personal preference and comfortability in fit!” Strapless bras can be hit or miss, especially if you have a larger bust and tend to ‘pick up’ your boobs often throughout the day. Yeah, not ideal. “When choosing a strapless bra, it’s recommended to wear your true size bra once you’ve determined it,” Oliver explains. “The goal is to keep the bra from moving (as the support will be primarily in the band).” However, fuller-busted people may want to choose strapless bras with higher gores and/or wider wings for coverage and more support. While it seems like there’s an ample difference between a D and DD cup,  it’s actually the same difference as an A and a B cup. “A DD is the same as an E cup, which is one size up from D,” Garcia says. “The difference between a D and DD cup is 1 inch,” Oliver adds. “Not all cups are created equal, meaning if you look at a 32D and a 36D, the cup on a 36D is much larger.” Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.