Ex-Democratic Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard blasted her former party on Friday, saying its “core principals” and focus on diversity are comparable to Nazism and Adolf Hitler. “They’re are proud to be judging people, hiring people, selecting people based on race — and let’s be clear how serious of a problem this is. It’s based on genetics, race, based on your blood, your genes, and where do we see that connection?” Gabbard told Fox News host Jesse Watters. “Well, these are the very same geneticist core principles embodied by Nazism and Adolf Hitler,” she continued. “This should be something that is sickening and alarming to every single Democrat and every single American. We have seen where this philosophy can lead.” Gabbard said Democrats’ “agenda of identity politics” is one of the main reasons she left the party, adding it “directly undermines the traditional democratic values that were expressed so beautifully and clearly by Dr. Martin Luther King, that we should judge each other not based on the color of our skin, but based on our character.” The remarks come as the Biden administration has made a show of boasting their diversity bona fides. “The cabinet is majority people of color for the first time in history. The cabinet is majority female for the first time in history. A majority of White House senior staff identify as female,” White House press secretary Karin Jean-Pierre boasted this week. “Forty percent of White House senior staff identify as part of the racially diverse communities, and a record seven assistants to the president are openly LGBTQ+,” she added. Gabbard, an Iraq War veteran, represented Hawaii as a Democrat in Congress from 2013 until 2021, and once served as a vice-chairwoman of the Democratic National Committee. She was a candidate in the 2020 Democratic presidential primaries, where she earned praise for cutting attacks against then-Sen. Kamala Harris. Gabbard has since become a favorite of conservative activists, and she now frequently appears on Fox News, where she is a paid contributor.