Tim McCarver had no shortage of memorable moments in the broadcast booth. The former All-Star catcher, who died Thursday at the age of 81, became one of the signature voices of baseball, calling 24 World Series. He also was a color commentator for local Mets, Yankees and Phillies broadcasts. Here’s a look at some of McCarver’s most memorable moments. After the Braves won the NLCS in 1992, Deion Sanders dumped ice water on McCarver over criticism of Sanders playing for the Braves and the NFL’s Falcons on the same day. Sanders doused McCarver multiple times, the last directly to his face. McCarver responded by saying, “You’re a real man Deion, I’ll say that.” The bases were loaded in the ninth inning with Mariano Rivera on the mound, the Yankees and Diamondbacks tied at two, with Luis Gonzalez up at the plate. The Yankees’ infield was in. Gonzalez fouled off the first pitch. What followed was perfectly prescient from McCarver. “The one problem is Rivera throws inside to left-handers, and left-handers get a lot of broken-bat hits in the shallow part of the outfield. That’s the danger in bringing the infield in with a guy like Rivera on the mound,” McCarver said. Gonzalez dunked the next pitch into shallow center to win the World Series for the Diamondbacks. In a less polarizing moment of celebration, Darryl Strawberry poured champagne on Tim McCarver’s head during an interview after the Mets won the NL East in 1986. “You deserve some champagne,” Strawberry told McCarver. “I think I do, too,” McCarver replied. McCarver was on the call for Mets legend Rusty Staub’s final home run of his career on Nostalgia Night on June 22, 1985. Staub had just ripped a deep foul ball. “On Nostalgia Night, had that ball been a home run baby, this place would’ve been cuttin’ loose,” McCarver said. Staub then hit career homer No. 292. “We told ya it’d come loose,” McCarver said after Staub rounded the bases. “Doesn’t take a genius to figure that out.” In the 10th inning of Game 5, with Dick Ruthven on the mound and the Astros’ Enos Cabell at the plate with a 3-2 count, McCarver said, “If he takes this I’ll buy you a Mazda.” Cabell then flied out to center to send the Phillies to the World Series, and McCarver proceeded to just laugh for roughly 20 seconds.