“South Park” has mercilessly mocked Meghan Markle and Prince Harry in an episode based on the exiled royals. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex’s decision to move across the pond in a desperate bid for privacy has been highlighted in the show’s latest episode, titled “The Worldwide Privacy Tour.” The episode, which begins with a disclaimer saying all characters — even if they’re based on real people — are fictional, centers around the couple who move to a fictional town for privacy. And even though the episode doesn’t explicitly name the couple, viewers noticed that the pair look exactly like the royals, and even wear the same outfits as they do. The cheeky episode opens with Kyle’s brother Ike, who is adopted from Canada, overcome with emotion at the news that the queen of Canada is dead. The so-called queen bears a striking resemblance to the late Queen Elizabeth II, who died Sept. 8, 2022. The prince and princess of Canada are seen attending the funeral, but are met with boos from the rest of the royals because the couple has been “bashing the Canadian monarchy.” In a bid to clear their reputation, the pair, who are branded “dumb” in the episode, appear on TV talk show “Good Morning Canada,” where the prince holds up a sign that reads, “We want privacy!” The princess, standing next to him, holds up a sign that reads, “Stop looking at us.” Elsewhere in the episode, the pair promote the prince’s new book titled “Waaagh” — which bears an uncanny resemblance to Prince Harry’s recently released memoir, “Spare.” “We just want to be normal people — all this attention is so hard,” the prince says in the episode after admitting he “hates” journalists. The couple later board a flashy private jet and set off on their “Worldwide Privacy Tour.” Following the worldwide tour, the pair settle down in South Park, where the princess says, “If we moved here, people would think we’re really serious about wanting to be normal.” Ironically, the prince and princess make their request for privacy known by hanging up banners on their new house. However, their arrival seems to anger locals, including Kyle, who isn’t thrilled that the royals are their new neighbors. The prince and princess’s presence soon causes friction in the community, with Kyle complaining that their private jet is parked outside their home, located opposite his. “They have this huge jet parked in front of my house and they keep on wanting me to buy their book,” Kyle moans. “I‘m sick of hearing about them. But I can’t get away from them, they’re everywhere. In my f–king face,” he adds.