In the midst of the chaos that has surrounded the Brooklyn Nets this season — including trading away Kyrie Irving and Kevin Durant in the last week — Ben Simmons has been able to hide in the shadows a bit. Now, as the new-look Nets figure out their standing in the East, more eyes will be on Simmons in Brooklyn. If Monday night is an example of things to come, it’s looking pretty bleak for the former All-Star point guard. Coming off the bench in the Nets’ last three games, his minutes are noticeably decreasing.   Simmons is averaging a career-low in nearly every category with 7.0 points, 6.3 rebounds, and 6.1 assists a game. In Monday night’s matchup against the Knicks, a team the Nets have not lost to in three years, Simmons displayed the same unwillingness to score that fans have been so accustomed to seeing from him. In the middle of attacking the basket, instead of going up and attempting a layup, Simmons dishes to Nic Claxton who is immediately met with defenders. Simmons played just 13 minutes, attempted two field goals, and finished with two points in the 124-106 loss to the Knicks. Fans seem to be fed up watching a five-year, $177.2 million contract-player being hesitant to score the ball and playing just 13 minutes. Nets head coach, Jacque Vaughn addressed the situation with Simmons. “You put another big next to Ben, then you got to figure out what the spacing is around him. Then if you put a playmaker next to him, then you got to figure out what Ben looks like without the basketball. Then if you go small with Ben, then you have to figure out can you rebound enough with him,” Vaughn said. “So, the challenges are ahead of us. We’ll look them head on. We’ll figure it out. We have the personnel to figure it out. Whether it is me mixing and matching throughout different pieces of the game, and allowing him to have a group and run with a group, that part we’ll figure out, but you see the challenges that lie ahead.” Before the game on Monday morning, Simmons spoke about his uncertainty. “Everything’s been changing all year, so it’s hard to really understand what’s going on, but hopefully we find some rhythm and consistency,” Simmons said. “It’s different. It’s a different experience [coming off the bench]. So whatever the team needs from us to win, I’m willing to do that.” How much longer it is for the Nets remains a question. The team is expected to explore the trade market for the point guard this offseason, according to Bleacher Report. It is unclear what the market is for Simmons right now as his value has plummeted compared to what it was in seasons past. Unless Simmons finds a spark and proves he’s worth his hefty price the rest of the season, then the Nets might run into trouble trying to get valuable pieces in return.