The Nets will spin this one furiously, the way old Curley Neal of the Globetrotters used to spin basketballs on the tips of his fingers. And every ounce of it, every syllable, will be malarkey. Let’s call this Nets era what it was, and how it will forever be remembered. As a fiasco. As a farce. As the greatest tribute to underachievement in the history of New York sports, if not sports on Earth. It is almost funny to go back and listen to all of the self-congratulatory “culture” screeds for which Nets GM Sean Marks became famous early in his tenure. It’s especially hilarious when you read between the lines of those comments — look for code words like “proper way” and “trusting the process” — which all, in essence, say the same thing: “You’ll never see me be stupid enough to ransom this team’s future the way Billy King did when the Celtics fleeced them in exchange for the remains of Kevin Garnett and Paul Pierce.” Almost. Because if you are a Nets fan today, you know there isn’t a single thing that’s remotely humorous about the fact Marks wound up DOING THE SAME EXACT THING and winds up in the same exact place: nowhere near a championship and far, far closer to a severance check than a parade to Borough Hall. Just substitute the names “Kyrie Irving” and “Kevin Durant” for “Garnett” and “Pierce.” “I’m a fairly compassionate man, so I do feel for Sean because this has blown up in his face,” a longtime NBA executive told me Thursday afternoon. “But how could he possibly have thought this was going to end up any other way? Everyone else seemed to know.” Now, it’s true that “everyone else” in the league save, maybe, for one or two teams would’ve done exactly what Marks did on July 1, 2019, when Kevin Durant expressed interest in making Brooklyn home as long as he could have Kyrie Irving playing Sundance to his Butch. The Knicks certainly had dreamed of such a pairing, too, until either Durant blew out his Achilles (their version) or Durant rejected them out of hand (everyone else’s). That also isn’t to say it wasn’t a shot worth taking; it allowed the Nets to strut like the Kings of Basketball New York — even if, to the franchise’s chagrin, there would still be a heavily pro-Knicks element at Barclays every time the teams played there, reflective of the Knicks’ unbowed status as favored sons. Plus, both Durant and Irving came in insisting the Nets’ “culture” was one of the things that appealed to them (though they wouldn’t be the first new arrivals to exaggerate in the name of winning a press conference). Immediately, the two of them — Irving in bizarre public ways, Durant far more quietly and subtly — began to rearrange the furniture of that culture. And Marks went along, either unwilling or unable to help himself. Friends of KI/KD were imported, and young talents (notably Jarrett Allen) were exported. A third star, James Harden, was recruited (in exchange for a half-decade’s worth of draft assets) and then dealt away just over a year later. Kenny Atkinson, a very good coach and Marks’ alleged co-minister of culture, was shown the gangplank. Every single misstep the Nets had taken less than a decade earlier — ones that had given Marks and Joe Tsai so many private chuckles — were copied, like first graders tracing over a comic book. Kevin Durant is on the move. What’s else happened at the NBA trade deadline? Follow our live tracker for news, rumors, analysis and more after a chaotic day. All of that culminating in the early hours of Thursday morning, with Durant shipped out to Phoenix, four days after Irving was shipped to Dallas, one year minus one day after Harden was shipped to Philadelphia. Officially, the haul for Irving, Durant and Harden — three All-NBA level players — is this: Ben Simmons, Spencer Dinwiddie, Dorian Finney-Smith, Mikal Bridges, Jae Crowder, Cam Johnson and five first-round picks. And unless those picks become noteworthy, or Simmons can locate a functioning time machine … good grief. Put it this way: this in no way equates to the darkest day in Mets history, when Tom Seaver was exiled to Cincinnati, because Seaver meant far more to the fabric of the Mets — and the city — than Durant ever could to the Nets. But it sure feels like the Nets got a whole lot of Dan Normans and Steve Hendersons and Pat Zachrys to show for what once felt like an express lane to glory. Maybe this all has a different narrative if the toes of Durant’s self-described “big-ass foot” don’t scrape the 3-point line in Game 7 against the Bucks two years ago. Maybe the Nets go on to duplicate the Bucks’ run to glory if that game-tying 2 is instead a game-winning 3. It makes for tortured saloon talk. But doesn’t change the simple math of the Kevin Durant Nets. One playoff series win. Seven postseason victories. Zero titles. One unparalleled, unprecedented fiasco.