What happened to our country’s e pluribus unum — one for all and all for one? What happened to Freedom of Speech? Even our first Chief of State George Washington must’ve screwed up somewhere. Like — check his hairdo. Enough with Don Lemon. He didn’t kill anyone. And if he did DA Bragg would’ve let him off. I’m not on any side. I don’t care if Nikki Haley becomes Archbishop. I’m only on the side of my GodBlessUs country. Everyone goes off the rails periodically. We all do dumb. It’s what erasers are for. Lemon’s egotistical? Yeah. Thinks he’s hot or whatever? Yeah. Well, he is. And could be cemented that way. Not easy for any single human being to Make It. Even those who maybe believe they have nothing and don’t have anything need to find something to scratch ahead and become something. Accomplishing takes strength. Guts. Cojones. So this Don Lemon’s full of himself? Yeah. So? Viewers prefer 11-year-old anchors with long hair down to their nipples whose eyes stay fused reading words they never heard of and mispronounce? Were his co-anchor gals right? Yeah. They’re smart. Savvy. So they went back at him. They looked to slap him down. OK. Done. Over. Someone does wrong you pee on them. Fine. But you don’t book the electric chair. I just told Lemon — to his face — I disliked everything he stood for when he opined on CNN late night. He didn’t storm off when I said that. Didn’t put me down. He sat there and laughed. But — and here’s just my small opinion — he’s good TV. Mouthy. Knowledgeable. The fading medium needs stories/things/people to make you tune in. Even to argue about. Civilization needs a break from those endless commercials guaranteeing pills that can improve your bladder. Don said to me: “My choice to do mornings feels like getting out of a holding pattern. Late night for years meant I had no life. Now’s a different vibe. No longer just me. But it is a little harder. It means serving many other people. The truth is it is not so easy being one of a group. I feel I’m responsible for it all.” Believe him, don’t believe him, like him, don’t like him — who cares. Just shut up, pin Nikki campaign buttons on his jacket and enroll him in charm school. Me, I’m just one small person shuddering at what’s happening to this world. Our own blessed country’s in turmoil. Different races, religions, nationalities, neighborhoods fighting with one another. And we’ve got Turkey, Ukraine, Russia, China, North Korea, Syria, Iraq, Afghanistan, marchers, protesters, Fascists, religion haters, killings, robberies, poverty, homelessness, migrants, Biden — now CNN? At least for some goodness and happiness there’s always the best steak and vegetables and potatoes and shrimp and service in the whole world — and that’s in Gallaghers on West 52nd . . . And if you’re on the Upper East Side there’s the Beach Cafe on 70th and Second. Dumb ass congressman Santos Claws was there. Drank water. At least he didn’t have to rearrange finances to get it. And where is all of that located? Only in New York, kids, only in New York.