Devastated relatives of the Queens man who was seriously injured after he was thrown from the roof of his carjacked vehicle this week are begging the third suspect to come forward. Taurée Thompson, 28, was left in a coma following the Monday night incident in which he tried to stop a trio of thieves from speeding off with his Lexus in South Richmond Hill. “We want whoever else is responsible for this crime to come forward and give themselves up,” his cousin Chimere Meerschman told The Post. “This was a senseless crime,” she added. “It is not okay to steal someone’s property.” As of Thursday, two 15-year-old boys had been charged over the crime, while a third suspect remained on the loose. A surveillance video of the incident shows Thompson clinging to the roof of the vehicle in a futile effort to stop the joyriders. The thieves eventually sped into a fire hydrant, sending Thompson flying several feet in the air and onto the sidewalk near Lefferts Boulevard and Liberty Avenue. “He is in critical condition … still in a coma,” Meerschman said Wednesday. The family is raising funds for his medical care via GoFundMe. “My cousin worked hard for his car — it is not fair for someone to think they can just take someone else’s property,” she said. Meerschman said her cousin grew up in Queens Village and “loved life.” “He had a job consulting, he sang at cafés and jazz bars on the weekends as he is a singer-songwriter and also worked as a Doordash [delivery] driver,” she explained. Earlier this year, the ambitious creative was even featured in a Doordash commercial, which he shared on Instagram. “My cousin is a great guy … just a nice kid,” Meerschman said. “Normally he would be the one holding the family together during rough times,” she continued. “I am praying that he will be okay. I hope to hear him sing again, I want to see his smile again.” Residents near the street where the Lexus crashed described the horror of seeing Thompson’s injuries. “The guy flew 60 feet. He landed all the way over there, bounced three times and did like a baseball slide on his face,” one homeowner recalled. “I came out and I saw him lying there and the blood was on the ground.” Another resident, Balram Muneshwar, said he installed security cameras because car accidents were becoming more frequent. “If the hydrant wasn’t there, the car would have probably ended up in my living room,” he said of the accident. Thompson’s family is “hurting and would like answers” as to the third suspect, Meerschman said. “Tauree was a shining light and often sang at family functions, including weddings and funerals,” she said. “Who’s going to sing for us now?”