Doomsday preppers, take note — some far reaches of the South Pacific have the best prospects of making it through the end of times. New research has found that, when judgment day arrives, a number of factors put the odds in favor of Australia faring the least poorly. In a study recently published in the journal Risk Analysis, two New Zealand-based scientists report that their continental neighbor — as well as their own island nation — are better equipped to survive a nuclear apocalypse than anywhere else. ‘Straya and the kiwi kingdom “might survive a severe sun-reducing catastrophe such as nuclear winter and be well placed to help reboot-collapsed human civilization,” the authors write — noting that fellow island nations of Vanuatu, the Solomon Islands and Iceland also make the list for places “most resilient to ASRS [abrupt sunlight reduction scenarios].” “There will likely be pockets of survivors around the planet in even the most severe ASRS,” the authors explain, and these five island countries have the most ideal mix of agriculture, trade and energy components to maximize survival chances in the case of “severe climate effects.” Australia leads the list thanks to its lengthy distance from the northern hemisphere, where nuclear fallout is more likely, as well as its defense budget, energy surplus, quality infrastructure and food supply. “Australia has the largest excess food production under simulated nuclear winter scenarios,” according to the authors. Study author and professor Nick Wilson noted to the Guardian that New Zealand’s sustenance situation is also rather optimized for the crack of doom, as “We have this super efficient food export economy that could feed New Zealanders multiple times over just from exports.” The country’s dependence on diesel, pesticides and machinery imports, however, put New Zealand at a significant apocalypse disadvantage. “I am concerned about a false security for New Zealand,” Wilson added. Australia, meanwhile, has its prospects hurt by its military ties to the US and UK, meaning that it may be a nuclear war target, offsetting the silver lining of its positive doomsday food situation.