In his autopsy report of how a superteam devolved into a super-bust, Kevin Durant pointed to the obvious: The Nets’ Big 3 did not play together enough. He was injured too frequently, another MCL sprain wrenching this Nets season. Kyrie Irving missed considerable time jumping from controversy to controversy, including refusing to be vaccinated last season and engaging in an anti-Semitism scandal this season. James Harden dealt with injuries, too, and also did not appear to deal well with Irving. “We just didn’t get on the court enough,” Durant told reporters in Phoenix on Thursday, speaking of a Brooklyn Big 3 that played a grand total of 16 games together in a little over a calendar year. “I think when you’ve seen James, Kyrie and myself, it was amazing basketball for [16] games. … You need more time on the floor. “It’s another story about why we didn’t get on the floor together.” Durant, as he was formally introduced with the Suns in a fan-filled news conference at Footprint Center, did not assign blame concerning the stars’ absences, though he acknowledged, “It was terrible how some stuff went down.” He did not express any ill will toward the Nets. The most recent star absence might have stung the most. Irving forced his way out of Brooklyn when the two sides could not agree on a contract extension. The Nets shipped the superstar point guard to Dallas on Feb. 5, then Durant made his exit in the early hours of the Feb. 9 trade deadline. Durant said he did not know the inner workings behind Irving’s trade request and subsequent deal, which “was a blow to our team. It took away our identity. “I was upset that we couldn’t finish,” said Durant, whose Nets had won 18 of 20 before his own knee injury in January. “I thought we had some good momentum. We were finally building the culture that we always wanted. I felt like every game we were building our chemistry. “That [trade request] was tough for me to stomach. I loved playing with those guys throughout the year. I felt like we had dudes that were stepping up.” Durant said he still wishes the best for Irving and Harden, and he spoke with sorrow about the greatest team to never work. Brooklyn’s superteam — first established in summer 2019 with Durant and Irving before Harden joined in January 2021 — finished with more star-subtracting trades (three) than playoff series victories (one). Harden, clearly frustrated with the unvaccinated Irving, engineered a trade to the 76ers in February 2022. Durant’s knee injuries derailed back-to-back seasons. Irving, who played in 143 of a possible 278 games in 3 ¹/₂ seasons in Brooklyn, never was dependable. When he spoke about his time with the Nets, Durant’s voice began to falter. “It was a lot of ups and downs, but I loved the grind. Everybody in Brooklyn loved the grind, too. So I built a family over there,” Durant said, his voice cracking. “They’re going to always be a part of my journey. “We didn’t accomplish what we wanted to accomplish as far as winning a championship. … Everybody there, we tried our hardest every day regardless of what was going on in the media, what was going on with our teammates. Everybody who was in that gym, we grinded. I love those guys. I get emotional talking about it.” Durant, sensing a team without a co-star probably could not go where he wanted, issued a second trade request since he joined the Nets. GM Sean Marks reportedly did not shop Durant around but instead set an asking price from the Suns, Durant’s chosen landing spot, who eventually met the demand. For Durant and T.J. Warren, the Nets received Mikal Bridges — who has shown early signs of the upside of a star — Cam Johnson, four first-round draft picks and the option to swap a 2028 first-round pick. Durant, who has not played since Jan. 8, said he hopes to return soon after the All-Star break and make his debut for a team he believes will have a title shot. “I know how significant a championship is to a franchise and to a city, and I’ve been a part of two of those,” said Durant — who will partner with Devin Booker, Chris Paul and Deandre Ayton. “I’m looking forward to getting back on that road to try to do it again.”