A 7-year-old Bronx girl was critically injured Tuesday after being stabbed multiple times in the neck, stomach and back — allegedly by her own grandmother, cops and police sources said. The child was stabbed with an unknown object at 1317 Clinton Ave. in Morrisania around 8 a.m., according to cops. She was rushed to Lincoln Hospital in critical condition and was taken into surgery, police said. Cops said Tuesday night the girl had been upgraded to stable condition. Her 65-year-old grandmother, identified as Maritza Yauger, was taken to a different hospital for psychiatric evaluation. She was charged with attempted murder, attempted manslaughter, assault, reckless endangerment and endangering the welfare of a child, police said. There was no known motive. “She was full of blood from head to toe,” neighbor Ana Martinez told The Post about the girl. “From her face all the way down, she had blood. It was all over her face. “I saw the cop rushing the girl into the cop car and she was full of blood. They didn’t wait to put her into the ambulance. The cop just rushed her,” Martinez, a 37-year-old mother of three, recalled. Martinez said she has seen the child and her grandmother walking a dog around the neighborhood before. “I think it’s terrible,” she added. Another neighbor, David Roamba, 57, said he saw the grandmother being taken away in an ambulance. “It looked like she was sick. She was walking with difficulty. Someone was holding her hand,” he said. Derrike Graham, who lives across the street, said the grandma was silent as she was led away. “She looked like she knew she did something wrong. She didn’t say nothing. She has this look like ‘yeah, I know what I did,’” Graham, 52, told The Post. The victim’s uncle, Damian Llauger, told The Post Tuesday evening his niece was undergoing her second surgery. He commended the “quick-thinking” cop who responded to the call because he rushed her to the hospital on his own instead of waiting for an ambulance. “He took the matters into his own hands,” Llauger said. “He just went to the hospital and carried the baby in his arms. The NYPD saved her, a quick thinking cop.” Llauger, who was standing outside the grandmother’s home, said the little girl was visiting her grandparent when the frightening incident happened. “The devil comes into your house at any time,” he said, referencing the grandmother. “Just pray for her,” Llauger said of the young victim who loves the piano, adding the girl’s parents are “destroyed.”