Before you know it, baseball will be back in The Bronx. Starting March 30, Aaron Boone’s reigning AL East champion Yankees return home for Opening Day of the 2023 regular season at Yankee Stadium against the San Francisco Giants. And all your favorite pinstriped stars like Aaron Judge, Gerrit Cole, Giancarlo Stanton, Anthony Rizzo and DJ LeMahieu are coming back to battle for the team’s first World Series win since 2009. They’ll get a little help from high-profile newcomer Carlos Rodon and Jose Trevino as well. With a team made up of so many mega stars, one might think tickets to home games would cost a fortune. We’re happy to report that you’d be wrong. Even though the Yankees’ payroll is roughly $270 million after re-signing Aaron Judge, some tickets are incredibly cheap. In fact, at the time of publication, we found some home game tickets going for as low a s $7 before fees on Vivid Seats. That’s cheaper than a hot dog at the ballpark. So, if you want to root for the Bronx Bombers in person for just a few bucks — or shell out a few more shekels to huge Red Sox and Mets matchups — here’s everything you need to know about all 81 upcoming home games. All prices listed above are subject to fluctuation. A complete calendar including dates, start times, opponents and cheapest tickets available for all Yankees home games can be found below.       A complete calendar of all away games — including a pair of Subway Series contests against the Mets at Flushing’s Citi Field — can be found here. (Note: The New York Post confirmed all above prices at the publication time. All prices are subject to fluctuation and include additional fees at checkout.) Vivid Seats is a verified secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand. They offer a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and your tickets will be delivered prior to the event. If you can’t make it out to The Bronx this season, no need to catastrophize. You can still catch all games on the YES Network via DirecTV. For those outside of the Yankees home market, we recommend watching via MLB.tv. The Yankees are just a few days deep into Spring Training and surprising storylines are already emerging about the squad. For quick hit briefs on perfect innings, a non-roster invitee fighting for a roster spot and no-doubt grand slams, check out the NY Post’s New York Yankees coverage here. We’re just as excited about all the live music coming to NYC this year as we are the Yankees. Here are just five of the biggest acts we can’t wait to see live in the next few months. • Bruce Springsteen and the E Street Band • Blink 182 • Metallica • Chris Stapleton • Wu-Tang Clan with Nas Want to see who else is out there? Check out our list of the 52 biggest concert tours in 2023 here.