Is this what Ben Simmons meant when he said teaming up with Kyrie Irving and Kevin Durant in Brooklyn would be scary? After the Nets traded their two star players to the Western Conference this week, Simmons is left with a retooled roster that includes an influx of wing players and questions about how they’ll move forward. As the NBA trade deadline approaches Thursday at 3 p.m. ET, the internet is having a field day in the aftermath of Brooklyn’s botched plans for a dynamic Big 3 — and once again, Simmons is the butt of jokes and memes on social media. “For those that choose Ben Simmons on the Last Man Standing In Brooklyn Bingo Cards, Please come forward to claim your reward,” one person tweeted. “The nets went from having Harden, Irving and KD to being stuck with Ben Simmons..,” another added. Durant is the third star to request a trade out of Brooklyn in the last 12 months. At last year’s trade deadline, James Harden requested a trade, got it, then signed a two-year deal with the Sixers in July. Kevin Durant is on the move. What’s else happened at the NBA trade deadline? Follow our live tracker for news, rumors, analysis and more after a chaotic day. The dominoes started to fall in Brooklyn when Irving requested a trade on Friday. Two days later, the Nets traded Irving and veteran forward Markieff Morris to the Mavericks in return for guard Spencer Dinwiddie, forward Dorian Finney-Smith, an unprotected 2029 first-round selection and 2027 and 2029 second-rounders. Though it was believed that the Nets would move forward with Durant and build a roster around the 13-time All-Star — as the franchise informed interested teams they were not looking to trade Durant — he had other plans. Durant was unhappy with the Irving trade and made it very clear on Monday and Tuesday that he wanted to be moved, according to ESPN’s Brian Windhorst. In the early hours of Thursday morning, the Nets and Suns pulled off a surprise blockbuster deal that sent Durant to Phoenix. The Suns also acquired veteran forward T.J. Warren in exchange for Mikal Bridges, Cam Johnson, Jae Crowder, four first-round draft picks and a 2028 pick swap. The Nets will receive unprotected selections in 2023, 2025, 2027, and 2029. Windhorst said he expects the Nets to be active ahead of Thursday’s deadline — and Brooklyn was indeed, sending Crowder to the Bucks as part of a three-team deal, according to The Athletic’s and Stadium’s Shams Charania. Simmons could also be on the move again after going from one dysfunctional situation in Philadelphia to another in Brooklyn. The Nets spoke with several teams on Wednesday about Simmons after the Irving trade, according to SNY’s Ian Begley. In August 2021, the Australian guard asked for a trade out of Philadelphia following a summer standoff with the Sixers — and was dealt to Brooklyn as part of the Harden deal in February 2022. Simmons sat out the entire 2021-22 season due to a back injury and mental health struggles, and this season has played in 38 of 54 games because of knee trouble.