We’re just a day away from Super Bowl 2023 and there’s still time to bet one of the most riveting prop bets on the board: First touchdown scorer. Last year, Rams receiver Odell Beckham Jr. rewarded the myriad bettors who picked him for the game’s first touchdown — including yours truly — with an end-zone grab in the first quarter to open the scoring in Super Bowl LVI. Now, Chiefs tight end Travis Kelce (+650) and Eagles quarterback Jalen Hurts (+800) are the obvious plays, and we love both players even at those short prices. But what about the long shots? After all, we’ve seen some surprising names cash in this market alongside all of the usual suspects. Here are a few players worth betting at long odds to score the first touchdown on Sunday, with prices courtesy of BetMGM: OK, so this isn’t exactly the longest shot on the board, but I’m still surprised to see McKinnon dealing at this price after his early game success all season long. The seventh-year back was the first Chiefs scorer in five of 19 games this year (26.3 percent), including four of the last eight weeks, and he was the featured back for his team’s first red-zone drive last week. He should be good for 25-30 snaps, and I wouldn’t be surprised if he’s called upon for his team’s first scoring drive on Sunday. If you’ve been following our Super Bowl coverage all week, you know how high I am on Gainwell, who led all Eagles backs in touches (17), total yards (74) and snap count (31) in the NFC Championship win over the 49ers — which came after his breakout 112-yard rushing performance in the divisional round. While much of his production came late in both contests, the second-year rusher also had his team’s first red-zone target of the NFC title game, which came one play before Miles Sanders punched it in for six. With Sanders dealing at 8/1, this is a steal on Gainwell at quite literally double the price. This is one of the sneakiest values on the board, albeit not without risk, as the third-year back hasn’t played since Week 11 and is questionable to play on Sunday. That’s obviously why his price is so favorable in this market, and you run the risk of a complete no-show from the team’s former starter with a bet here. Still, if Edwards-Helaire does draw an active designation this week, the former first-round pick has a much better than 1-in-30 chance to reach paydirt early in the game — especially with creative play-caller Andy Reid at the helm.  Look, there’s a chance Watkins won’t draw a single target on Sunday, so don’t unload your bankroll on the former sixth-round pick. I just think this price is missing the mark on a player who should be on the field enough to possibly luck into a potential touchdown. The third-year wideout ranks fourth on the team in receptions (33) and yards (354) and third in touchdowns (three), including his team’s first score in Week 11. And while he has lost some of his workload with Dallas Goedert’s return, he still played 42 snaps the NFC title game win over San Francisco and has averaged 34.8 snaps since Goedert came back. He’s worth a shot here, too.