New York Post readers can jump on an amazing new customer offer with the Caesars Sportsbook promo code NPBONUSFULL. New bettors can use the promo code to make an initial wager up to $1,250 on Caesars, and if it loses, that same amount gets returned back as bet credits. So if you sign up and place a first bet for $100 that ends up losing — you still get back $100 in bet credits, and so on up to $1,250. Click the button below to learn more about the offer from Caesars so you can use it for the Washington Wizards vs. the Minnesota Timberwolves tonight in Minneapolis. The offer works for any sport on Caesars. Bettors new to Caesars can use the promo code NPBONUSFULL to claim up to $1,250 in bet credits. All it requires is an initial bet of at least $10, and there’s no reason to worry about losing money because the amount wagered on losing bets gets returned back in bet credits. If you win, you receive your winnings just like normal. The promo code NPBONUSFULL also allows users to get 1,000 Tier credits and 1,000 Reward credits just for signing up. The Minnesota Timberwolves host the Washington Wizards tonight in what looks like a fairly nondescript NBA game, but there are betting opportunities to be had. Caesars Sportsbook favors the Timberwolves by 3.5 points over the Wizards and I think Minnesota is a good bet. The Timberwolves have mostly bounced back from their bad start to the season by getting to 31-29, and Anthony Edwards has been a big reason why. The first-time All-Star is averaging 24.7 points and has scored more than 30 points in two of his last three games. Edwards is the clear star in tonight’s game and that could prove to be the difference against a fairly average Wizards squad. This will also be Washington’s third game in a Western Conference road trip, so it could have some tired legs as well. In a matchup of two similar teams, go with the home team that also has the best player in the game. Use the promo code NPBONUSFULL for a risk-free offer on Caesars.  21+. Available in AZ, CO, IA, IL, IN, KS, LA, MI, NJ, NY, TN, VA, WV only. Full T&C apply. Who doesn’t like a little extra bang for their buck? Caesars Profit Boosts increase the net winnings of your bet by a given percentage and can be applied to all sorts of bets. Profit Boosts can be used on straight bets (money line, spread, total) and parlays, but there are also boowtw that are exclusively for straight bets only, parlays only, or even parlays with a set number of legs. Profit Boosts can be applied to a variety of sports and bet types, but only those available will appear in your bet slip. Make sure to look for any profit boosts in your ‘Bonus Drawer’ on Caesars Sportsbook.