He’s the man who can’t be moved. A passenger on Virgin Atlantic airlines started a debate over airplane etiquette after a man said no to swapping seats so he could sit next to his wife. Jay Kloss and his wife, Zoe, weren’t able to book two seats next to each other, so the couple from Melbourne were separated in the business class section of their flight. Zoe had a window seat while Jay had the aisle in the same row but on opposite sides of the plane. The plane they were on had eight seats in business class, and there were no middle seats. Jay posted a video — which has garnered over 4,800 likes and 253,700 views — to TikTok to share the tale with his followers and ask if he’s in the wrong. “I wanted to slap him,” he admited. He explained that when he booked the flight, the other aisle and window seats were both taken, but he assumed it would work out, considering whoever they swapped with would end up with the same seat, just on the other side. “No matter what, me and Zoe are sitting together … WRONG,” Jay exclaimed. When they walked onto the plane, Jay said he politely asked the man in the aisle seat, “Hey bro, would you mind moving so I can sit with my missus? It’s her birthday.” “And he just looks at me and doesn’t respond,” Jay continued. “Then he’s like, ‘No. I won’t. But I’ll sit here,’” referring to Zoe’s window seat. But Zoe isn’t a great flyer, according to Jay, and always sits near a window to avoid nausea. Jay continued to share his frustration over the fact that the man would be switching to the exact same style of seat, just on the other side of the aisle. “So, he’ll make us sit on either side of the aisle, just for no reason. It’s the same seat,” Jay said. “So anyway, I’m like, ‘Bro, really? You sure you can’t swap seats with us?’ And he just doesn’t respond to me.” Zoe then sat in her assigned seat in the window next to the random man. She took a stab at it and asked him if there was a problem and if it were possible to switch seats as it was her birthday and she’d like to sit with her partner. The man allegedly replied, “Nah, no problem. Just not moving.” “Like, what the f—k? Am I missing something?” Jay questioned. “Can somebody explain to me what the hell is going on here? It’s the same seat, just on a different side of the aisle.” Thankfully for Mr. and Mrs. Kloss, the person sitting in the window seat next to Jay offered to switch with Zoe, so the couple got to sit together while keeping Zoe in a window seat. The reaction clearly left Jay with all sorts of feelings — but people in the comment section of his TikTok seemed to give more sympathy to the passenger who said no. “He’s probably trying to teach you both a life lesson [that] you don’t always get what you want champ. I’m sure you’ll both recover,” one person wrote. “So what if it’s her birthday … she’s not 5. Book the seats you want in future. Simple,” another commented. “You’re automatically assuming he needed to give up his seat to accommodate you?” someone else asked. “You’re in the wrong. book the seats you actually want to sit in, in the first place,” one user wrote. “People don’t have to say yes all the time it’s ok to say no,” another said. “Scrolling and scrolling trying to find a comment saying you’re in the right,” another wrote, referencing the influx of comments saying Jay is wrong. “Why didn’t you book seats next to each other?” one person said. “Seems like it’s a you problem not a [him] problem.”