This fainting fiasco wasn’t exactly a flex. A gym junkie has been left with a broken nose and a shattered sense of pride after passing out while flexing in front of a mirror. Newas Sharif, 27, was caught on camera tensing his bulging biceps inside a fitness facility in the United Arab Emirates earlier this month. In the clip — which was posted to TikTok and quickly went viral — the musclebound bro is seen staring at himself approvingly in the mirror before he suddenly falls forward, smashing his face against the glass and falling to the floor. “I basically passed out because I didn’t rest after my set, so my heart rate was high,” the vain and veiny fitness fanatic told NeedToKnow.Online. “I was posing right after my set, as I was pumped and when I held my breath, I passed out,” he further explained. Sharif’s friend, who was recording at the time, initially believed the gym rat had played a prank on him and had only pretended to pass out. “My friend found it funny for a second because he thought I was acting and making some funny content,” he explained. “People in the gym know I make funny content a lot, so no one came to help until they saw blood from my nose, and I was on the floor.” Sharif sought medical attention and subsequently shared a selfie of his shattered schnoz with a bandage across it. He informed his TikTok followers that his nose had indeed been broken by the mirror. Nutritionist Brian St. Pierre told Men’s Journal that feelings of dizziness can be common after lifting heavy weights, as the action can cause drastic changes in blood pressure. “Once the lift is complete, and you release the muscle contraction, your blood pressure drops dramatically, which sometimes causes people to become lightheaded or even pass out before the pressure can normalize,” he stated. The TikTok video — which has clocked more than 5 million views — humored many viewers, who claimed the fainting spell served to bring a self-obsessed Sharif back down to earth. “The process of becoming humbled can be painful sometimes. Thanks for sharing,” one humorously wrote. Others noted the narcissism that the gym junkie displayed as he looked at himself in the mirror. “Bro kissed himself goodnight,” one wrote, while another added, “Bro fell in love with himself.” However, the fainting spell hasn’t deterred Sharif from showing off his buff form. The health nut is back in the gym and is sharing new videos of himself pumping iron and flaunting his fit physique for his followers.