Rob Gronkowski had only nice things to say about his “80 for Brady” co-star Sally Field. The former football player, 33, opened up about how the “Forrest Gump” star, 76, had palpable charisma on set. “She walked around with the swagger of a 30-, 40-year-old,” Gronkowski revealed to People, and added that it’s “inspiring to see someone who’s been through it all … still enjoying [life].” “Sally Field was an inspiration, just how on top of it she still is,” he went on. The Gronk added: “She can just project and have charisma right on the spot, and you can tell why she’s been on top of her game throughout her whole entire life.” The ex-Tampa Bay Buccaneers tight end appears in the sports comedy film as a fictionalized version of himself. The flick stars Field as well as fellow icons Jane Fonda, Rita Moreno and Lily Tomlin as four friends who travel across the country to see their favorite football player: Tom Brady (who, in real life, just announced his retirement). Even though Gronkowski shared a majority of his scenes with Fonda, 85, he said he found the other screen legends a delight to work with. He noted: “They were just great people. Just so down to earth and so friendly, and just a lot of fun on set and also off the set.” The NFL star also divulged that he “wasn’t intimidated that much” by the women and touched upon their professionalism. “How they delivered their lines and just how they were acting was just surreal. They were on top of their games,” he said. He took photos with them and sent them to his mom and a few of his friends’ mothers. “They were just mind-blown that I was working with them,” he said. “That was pretty cool.” “80 for Brady” has a plethora of famous cameos, including Brady himself, as well as Billy Porter, Guy Fieri, Harry Hamlin, Retta and former New England Patriots players Danny Amendola and Julian Edelman. In a separate People interview, Field spoke about how Brady, 45, was “so nervous” to be on the movie’s set. “He was lovely,” she said. “He just was Tom Brady. He was a completely lovely human.” “He told me, ‘I’m so nervous.’ He felt like he didn’t know where to put his feet. But he was a natural,” the “Steel Mongolias” actress added. “Athletes get the same kind of adrenaline, except most actors aren’t worried that their limbs will be ripped off.”