The Issue: A surveillance balloon that the US believes has been flying over sensitive sites to collect information. The Biden administration has once again shown weakness in the face of our adversaries. In this case, it’s China’s “spy balloon” (“Going over like a red balloon,” Feb. 3). This balloon should have been blasted from the sky as soon as it left international waters near our coast. Apparently, this balloon has sophisticated electronic equipment. Who knows what kind of information the Chinese gleaned from the American northwest? If we don’t start showing a little backbone on foreign policy, countries like China will continue to walk all over us. Ted Rallis Mamaroneck Joint Chiefs of Staff Chairman Gen. Mark Milley and Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin refused to shoot down a Chinese spy balloon that was over Montana because it might hit someone. What’s it going to hit — a groundhog or a snake? The Chinese are likely looking to pinpoint our nuclear-missile silos. Both of these fools should be fired. Bill Verderose Brooklyn If President Biden is worried about the dangers of shooting the Chinese reconnaissance balloon out of the sky, then I fear that his risk calculus remains fatally flawed. Let me be clear: The Chinese Communist Party is, and always will be, an enemy of the American people. The consequences of complacency in the face of Chinese treachery far outweigh any collateral damage caused by the essential act of self-defense. Unless Biden blasts this balloon out of the sky, he will forever be remembered as a useful idiot and asset of authoritarian China. How many more violations of American sovereignty must be tolerated before we begin to act prudently to safeguard our military and economic infrastructure on behalf of our noble citizens? These crucial tests matter, and Biden colossally falls short every time. It’s time to get serious about ensuring American dominance in the 21st Century. Henry J. Wilson Washington, DC Not only has Biden failed to protect our borders, he has surrendered our skies as well. What does that say about Communist China’s fear of Biden that it is emboldened enough to deploy a spy balloon over our mainland? And, more important, what does it say about Biden’s willingness to “protect and defend” the country? The potential consequences of this intrusion could be catastrophic. Perhaps the purpose of the balloon is just exploratory, looking for signs of intelligent life — in which case we have nothing to worry about, since there isn’t any to find. Jack Kaufman Naples, Fla. I’m just wondering how the heck our military allowed a Chinese spy balloon to enter our airspace, let alone hover over Montana. In what appears to be another example of how Biden and his administration are asleep, literally, our nation once again may be in peril. Concerns about safety are misplaced because the thing should have been shot down as soon as it passed into our territory. What a disgrace. Michael D’Auria Bronxville I am confident that former President Donald Trump would have ordered the balloon to be shot down immediately. For him America comes first. Under Biden, the balloon can finish its mission without interference, even while being a potential threat to the United States. I can only assume that the Bidens’ intimate relationship with China stops Joe from doing anything. If you owe someone, you have to pay. Hans Sander Gordon, Australia Does anybody else think that this is preposterous? The Chinese send a spy balloon over Alaska, it travels across Canada and is sitting over a top-secret military installation. Nothing to see here, folks. Could this be China’s way of testing our defenses? This doesn’t pass the smell test. Charlie Honadel Venice, Fla. Want to weigh in on today’s stories? Send your thoughts (along with your full name and city of residence) to letters@nypost.com. Letters are subject to editing for clarity, length, accuracy and style.