He’s making sure his ailing wife leads a glamorous life. Applying blush, eyelashes and lipstick has become second nature to a husband named Darrick Coe, who secretly learned how to do makeup after his diabetes-stricken bride, Bre, who is also suffering from kidney failure, recently lost her vision in one eye. And not only did he give his sweetheart a surprise makeover — the guy’s also giving her his kidney. “I will do anything for my wife,” Coe, 40, from Baltimore, Maryland, told The Post. “I’ll go out my comfort zone to make sure she’s comfortable.” “I said it in my vows,” he continued. “‘For better or for worse, through sickness and in health.’” Video of Coe’s sweet gesture has amassed more than a million views from touched spectators on Twitter. He explained to The Post that, in November, Bre, 45, was diagnosed with third nerve palsy, a condition that can cause vision loss and impairment. The malady rendered her partially blind in one eye, hampering her ability to complete everyday tasks — including her daily primping routine. So, at the top of the year, and unbeknownst to Bre, Coe solicited the help of a professional makeup artist, who instructed him on the basics of cosmetics in only three lessons. And he debuted his skills by beautifying his beloved on Valentine’s Day. “She was completely surprised,” he gushed. “We went out for dinner and a massage.” And social media fans of Coe’s heartfelt surprise are virtually singing his praises. “People pray for this type of love,” lauded a kind commenter on TikTok. “This is awesome,” gushed another on Twitter. “What a beautiful man. She’s so fortunate to have a loving husband.” “This is the purest gesture of love I’ve seen in a long time,” a separate fan tweeted. “Kudos to this good brother for upholding his oath to his union.” And Coe wants other men in similar predicaments to do the same for the special women in their lives. “Put your pride to the side for the person you love,” he encouraged. “If you really, truly love that person, there shouldn’t be any pride there. “You do what you have to do.” Coe revealed to The Post that he is scheduled to give Bre his kidney in the coming months. A specific date for the procedure has not yet been set.