Looking to shine bright like a diamond? Rihanna’s Southern California starter home is back on the market for $16.49 million, The Post has learned. The Barbadian — and now-pregnant singer, born Robyn Fenty — shelled out just north of $5 million for the luxe home back in 2011 following her continuous success, records show. Made up of seven bedrooms and eight baths, Rihanna lived in the Beverly Hills home for nearly three years until she sold it in 2014 for $7.65 million. During her time in the home, she released her sixth studio album, “Talk That Talk.” The album’s lead single, “We Found Love,” topped charts in 27 countries. In 2016, John Legend and Chrissy Teigen — who themselves recently had a baby — purchased the home for a whopping $14.1 million, nearly three times what Rihanna had paid for it several years prior. The couple lived in the home for four years before selling it for $16.8 million in 2021. Teigen and Legend were initially hoping to get more than $20 million for the home. But after nearly six months, they gave in at the much lower price. Legend, 44, and Teigen, 37,  had plans to stay there indefinitely — until they found out their family was growing. Though the palatial pad has seven bedrooms, it wasn’t enough for the family of five plus Teigen’s mother, Vilailuck, who lives with them. “We like modern with still some edge to it and some warmth and some coziness,” Legend previously told the Wall Street Journal of changing up the bright white elements and glassy finishes they inherited at the time of purchase. Features include a full-size gym, a home theater, a heated pool, a Jacuzzi and an outdoor kitchen. Spanning 8,520 square feet, the current owner, whose identity is hidden behind the Bryn Mawr Trust, was hoping to make a quick flip. Three months later, the owner put the property on the market for $19.25 million. It has remained on the market ever since, with the price now standing at $300,000 less than the purchase price — meaning a loss, should it trade hands for its asking price. Justin Paul Huchel with Carolwood Estates, and Carl Gambino with Compass, hold the listing. Meanwhile, Rihanna is currently living in a seven-bedroom, eight bathroom home in Beverly Hills, which she purchased in 2020 for $13.75 million — and which seems fit for her own growing family.