You wouldn’t believe it based on his youthful demeanor but legendary “It’s Not Unusual” singer Tom Jones is 82-years-old. That’s no problem for the man who won 1966’s Best New Artist Grammy Award though — he’s still touring all over the world in 2023. To kick off the international run, Sir Tom Jones will play 16 North American concerts from May 3 through May 26 as part of his upcoming Ages and Stages Tour. And Jones must have fans in the Northeast because he’s booked five (!) shows in New York and New Jersey on the quick U.S. run. First, he’ll swoop into Atlantic City’s Borgata Events Center on May 20. Soon after, he’ll perform at New Brunswick’s State Theatre on May 22, Huntington’s The Paramount on May 23, New York City’s Beacon Theatre on May 25 and finally Verona’s Turning Stone Resort Casino on May 26. Best of all, you can grab tickets as early as today to see the man who brought the world “She’s A Lady,” ‘Sexbomb” and “What’s New, Pussycat?” Although inventory isn’t available on Ticketmaster until Friday, Feb. 10. fans who want to ensure they have tickets ahead of time can purchase on sites like Vivid Seats before seats are officially on sale. Vivid Seats is a secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand. They have a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and will be delivered before the event.  A complete calendar including all Tom Jones “Ages And Stages Tour” dates, venues, show start times and links to buy tickets can be found below.  Jones isn’t just spending time on the road these days — he’s also in the studio. Most recently, the Songwriters Hall of Fame inductee released his 12-track “Surrounded By Time” album in 2021. Featuring Jones’ signature deep voice, he shies away from his typically upbeat fare for more melancholy, reflective fare like the heavy opening tune “I Won’t Crumble With You If You Fall.” Still, he has fun on catchy tracks like “Popstar” and “Samson and Delilah.” For our money, it’s the best classic rock record of the ’20s. Want to dig even deeper? Check out the 233-song, 2022 compilation “The Complete Decca Studio Albums Collection.”  In addition to touring and recording, Jones also lends his expertise to the UK’s version of “The Voice.” Having judged nearly every season since the show debuted in 2012, Jones has been part of a number of fun, spontaneous moments during his tenure on the reality competition program. Below, you’ll find one of the most memorable — when Jones battle-duetted with EGOT winner Jennifer Hudson.  After doing a bit of research, we were surprised to find out that Jones isn’t the only pre-Baby Boomer star hitting venues all over North America this year. Here are just five of our favorite performers in their 80s performing live in the next few months. • William Shatner (91-years-old) • Willie Nelson (89-years-old) • Frankie Valli (88-years-old) • Englebert Humperdinck (86-years-old) • Ringo Starr (82-years-old) Want to see acts that are, um, a bit younger too? You can find them on our list of the 52 biggest concert tours in 2023 here.