The 2023 PGA Tour season is starting to heat up and things should reach a fever pitch this week at the Genesis Invitational thanks to the return of Tiger Woods, who is set to play his first competitive event since The Open Championship in July. Woods may be the headliner of a deep field teeing it up at Riviera, but he’s far from the favorite. The 47-year-old is a +12000 longshot to win the tournament, putting him in the same range as Kurt Kitayama, Brian Harman, Tom Hoge and Billy Horschel. The top of the board is absolutely stacked with starpower as 23 of the top 25 players in the Official World Golf Rankings are heading to Los Angeles for this tournament. Jon Rahm is the favorite at +700, but there’s not much separating him, Rory McIlroy (+800) and Scottie Scheffler (+1000) in the betting. With so many stars set to participate, it may be wise to void peppering too many longshots, but that doesn’t mean we won’t see a surprise package contend in this field. Nick Taylor was ranked 223rd in the OWGR before the WM Phoenix Open and he finished runner-up between Scheffler and Rahm. Which longshots have a chance to pull off a similar performance this week? Tyrrell Hatton (+4500, FanDuel): Joaquin Niemann won this event in 2022 with a final score of 19-under par, but that score seems to be a bit of an outlier. The four previous iterations saw the winners come in at -12, -14, -11 and -12, respectively. In other words, this course tends to favor players who can grind out a tough weekend. Hatton should fit that bill and is coming off a great showing at the WM Phoenix Open. The fiery Englishman finished T6 at TPC Scottsdale and was in contention heading into Sunday. Hatton has finished T13 or better in four of his last five starts worldwide, so he’s clearly got his game in good shape. Keegan Bradley (+6500, FanDuel): After two poor performances in Hawai’i to open the new year, Bradley has found his form during the West Coast swing. Bradley hung around the leaderboard all weekend at the WM Phoenix Open and finished runner-up in his previous start at the Farmers Insurance Open. Bradley is great off the tee and a terrific ball-striker generally, so the fact that his putting has seemingly turned a corner makes him a contender in basically any field. The St. John’s alumni has a major championship trophy, won in a WGC field and in a playoff event, so there’s no concerns about whether he can keep his cool if he is in contention with some of the big names in this field. Wyndham Clark (+9000, Caesars): Clark is coming off a sparkling week at the WM Phoenix Open that ended with him finishing T10 at 10-under par. The former Oregon Duck has now made the cut in seven consecutive outings and has four top-20 finishes in that span. This tournament has generally been won by players who are great off the tee, so getting one of the longest hitters on the PGA Tour at 90/1 seems like a worthwhile dart throw. Clark may end up being a pretty popular pick at this price or in DFS, but sometimes it’s OK to swim with the masses on a number this big. Adam Hadwin (+15000, Caesars): This is a pretty big number on a player who has been playing well for quite some time now. Hadwin finished 10th at the WM Phoenix Open and was near the top of a loaded leaderboard into the weekend, but fell behind as Scheffler, Rahm and Taylor raced ahead. Had the Canadian put together a better final round, this number would be slashed considerably. Despite the disappointing Sunday in Phoenix, Hadwin has been trending in the right direction for a while. You have to go back to the John Deere in July to find Hadwin’s last missed cut and in that span he’s got four top-20 finishes, including a pair of top-10s in his last three outings.