That’s one way to put it. Mikal Bridges was shocked when the Suns traded him to the Nets in a blockbuster deal for Kevin Durant in the early hours of Thursday morning. “Omygod lol,” Bridges tweeted around 1 a.m. ET, just minutes after ESPN’s Adrian Wojnarowski dropped the “Woj bomb.” Wizards forward Kyle Kuzma replied to Bridges’ tweet with a bunch of crying-laughing emojis, while fans shared similar reactions. Bridges previously pinned a tweet from August 2020 to his page that read, “I don’t ever wanna leave,” along with a heart emoji, in reference to Phoenix. At the time, Bridges quote-tweeted a photo from the Suns that showed him hugging his mom when he was selected 10th overall by the Sixers in 2018. The Villanova product, who is a Philadelphia native, was then traded to the Suns in exchange for the draft rights to the No. 16 pick, Zhaire Smith, and a 2021 first-round pick via the Miami Heat. On the night before the NBA trade deadline, the Suns and Nets pulled off a surprise deal that sent Durant west — just days after Brooklyn traded point guard Kyrie Irving to the Mavericks. The Suns acquired Durant and veteran forward T.J. Warren in exchange for Bridges, Cam Johnson, Jae Crowder, four first-round draft picks, and a 2028 pick swap. The Nets will receive unprotected selections in 2023, 2025, 2027, and 2029. Kevin Durant is on the move. What’s next at the NBA trade deadline? Follow our live tracker for news, rumors, analysis and more with a chaotic day ahead. The Nets are expected to explore trade scenarios for Crowder ahead of Thursday’s 3 p.m. ET deadline, according to ESPN. Since his arrival in Phoenix, the 26-year-old Bridges has been a key piece for the Suns — and now in his fifth season, has never missed a single game. Bridges is averaging 17.2 points, 4.3 rebounds, 3.6 assists, and 1.2 steals per game in 56 contests. He is shooting 46.3 percent from the field and 38.7 percent from the three-point range. The Suns are 30-26 and tied for the fourth seed in the Western Conference. They are 8-2 in their last ten games and are looking to extend their win streak to four straight in Atlanta on Thursday.