What’s in a name? King Charles and his wife, Queen Consort Camilla, have been known to use nicknames in private, but a royal expert has revealed the little-known true meaning. Royal commentator Charles Rae spoke to Slingo about their secret monikers, Fred and Gladys, which have been public knowledge for years thanks to the Princess Diana tell-all bio by Andrew Morton. But Rae claimed he knows what inspired the pair’s seemingly random pet names for one another. Rae noted that Fred and Gladys were names they both used before their 2005 wedding, since Charles, 74, and Camilla, 75, infamously had a relationship dating back to the 1970s — partially while they were both married to other people. It turns out, Rae revealed, that they pulled the names from “The Goon Show,” a British radio show broadcast between 1951 and 1960. “These are names they used before their marriage and chose them from characters in ‘The Goon Show,’ of which they are both fans,” Rae explained. He also disclosed how the late Diana had once found a bracelet engraved with the initials F and G, the “pair’s secret nicknames.” This event was depicted in Season 4 of Netflix’s hit royal drama “The Crown,” in which a young Diana (Emma Corrin) confronts Charles (Josh O’Connor) just before their 1981 wedding about the jewelry — a real-life event noted in Morton’s book, “Diana: Her True Story.” “[Charles and Camilla] also have other nicknames for each other, including ‘darling’ and ‘mehbooba,'” Rae said. “Camilla has been heard using the [latter] nickname … which [is a take on the word for] ‘my beloved’ in Urdu, for Charles on a number of occasions, including back in February when she was giving a speech at the British Museum,” he continued. Rae also disclosed the nicknames that Diana had for her sons, William and Harry. She had often referred to William, now 40, as Wombat when he was a young child. “Diana dubbed Harry GKH — Good King Harry — because she thought he would have been better equipped for the role as a future king,” Rae added. “It was also used to make Harry feel that extra special.” Among the other royal family monikers, Harry, 38, is often referred to as H or Haz by his wife, Meghan Markle. The Duke of Sussex also calls William Willy, and the Prince of Wales calls his younger brother Harold, which Harry revealed in his memoir, “Spare.”