A San Francisco home featured on an episode of the A&E series “Hoarders” has sold for $500,000 over its asking price — for $1.2 million. The four-bedroom, two-bathroom spread at 758 Lyon St. — which had previously been filled with a jaw-dropping hoard including bottles and kitchen tools — initially listed for sale at $699,000. What’s more, and regardless of its history, the property even brought in more than 12 offers, which drove the price. The new owner bought it all-cash. The duplex property houses two units that comprise two bedrooms, one bathroom — and a family room, a dining room, and an office or sun room at the back overlooking the backyard. “Bing your skilled contractor,” the listing description noted. The episode featuring this house aired in early 2020 and, like the other episodes in the series, left an impression on viewers. A man named Ray Silmon went through a challenging clean-out of his top-floor unit while simultaneously having to confront the death of his brother, who died during the filming. His brother had also lived in the home, but did not contribute to the hoard. The brothers inherited the property from their parents, and had lived there for more than 50 years, Craig Ackerman with Proof Real Estate told the Real Deal. Shortly after the onscreen clean-out, however, Silmon had refilled the home again. When he died last year at the age of 71, the probate court and city attorney “demanded immediate action” on the crumbled and decaying home. For that subsequent clean, Ackerman had to hire a crew to remove eight 20-foot containers filled with trash. The haul included “decomposing animals.” The back porch was collapsing, the roof had a big hole, and there were “unworkable pipes,” according to Ackerman. Then there was the whole other problem of trying to get rid of an “overwhelming odor.” “We had to have cleaners mop the floor with full strength ammonia to remove or subside the odors,” Ackerman told the outlet, adding that it was one of the most difficult properties he has had to prepare for market. Despite the townhome’s condition, Ackerman has stressed that interest in investing in San Francisco remains robust. “The appetite for development is still high,” Ackerman said.