Motorcycles aren’t the only thing they’re riding. A retired special agent who infiltrated the Hells Angels biker gang as part of a two-year undercover operation is exposing the organization’s strict sex rules. Between 2001 and 2003, Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives (ATF) agent Jay Dobyns, now 61, posed as a gunrunner and debt collector named Jay Davis, or “Jaybird,” joining the Mesa, Arizona, chapter of the organization. The ex-agent said he quickly learned that there were rules about relationships with women — and failure to follow them could have very violent consequences, according to a new video interview released Tuesday by Insider. “With regards to women, there’s a hierarchy that takes place,” Dobyns dished, discussing the gang’s bangs. “There are Old Ladies, who are the wives and girlfriends of members [at the top of the chain]. You better not get caught trying to mess around with a member’s wife or girlfriend, because there’s a violent price to pay.” However, he revealed that there were also Hells Angels groupies who often appeared at the clubhouse. “They moved from member to member to member,” he stated, implying that there was no bad blood between bikers who slept with the same women. Dobyns didn’t disclose whether sex was allowed inside the clubhouse, but said parties were a frequent occurrence at the chapter. Elsewhere in his interview, the crimefighter claimed that the Hells Angels are a complex organization made up of members with diverse lifestyles and interests. Founded in San Bernardino, California, circa 1948, the infamous “motorcycle club” has since “spread its wings all over the world,” with 475 chapters in 62 countries. Global “charter” groups span from Alaska and Norway to South Africa and Argentina. “There’s a myth that every Hells Angels member is a drug addict,” he stated. “Some were fitness freaks. They ate well, they got their rest, they didn’t drink, they didn’t smoke. To decline those things wasn’t necessarily a false alarm.” Dobyns also explained that while many members were mixed up in illegal activities, there are chapters of the gang that “run a fairly clean business” and “aren’t involved in a lot of crime.” He added that many of the chapters involve themselves in community service, donating blood to local hospitals and participating in toy drives for children. “They make positive contributions to society,” Dobyns declared. “That shouldn’t be taken away from them.” During his infiltration of the “violent” international organization, Dobyns and fellow undercover officers pretended to trade narcotics and even staged a murder by using “blood and guts from a butcher shop.” The two-year, $1 million operation resulted in the indictments of 55 Hells Angels members and associates, while 16 of the members were indicted on racketeering charges. After Dobyns’ real identity was exposed, the ex-agent alleges, there was a hit put out on him and his family was placed “in jeopardy.” In 2008, his home was burned to the ground. Still, threats to his life haven’t stopped the retired agent from speaking out about the organization. Dobyns has published several books about his time undercover, including a 2018 tome titled “Catching Hell — A True Story of Abandonment and Betrayal.”