“Have Mercy!” Chlöe Bailey, 24, disappointed fans Thursday when she announced a new single, “How Does It Feel,” featuring embattled R&B star Chris Brown, 33. Bailey’s Twitter post included a sensual snap of the pair holding each close as their heads touch. “2ND PIECE. HOW DOES IT FEEL @chrisbrown. 2/24,” she wrote. The announcement swiftly drew backlash. “THIS IS SO DISAPPOINTING CHLOE MY GOD,” a disheartened fan commented. “We will absolutely not be streaming. Catch you next time tho,” tweeted another person. The Post reached out to a Bailey rep for comment. Brown’s troubles date back to his teen years. In 2009, Brown, who was 19 at the time, was arrested for hitting his former flame, Rihanna, then 20. He pleaded guilty to one count of felony assault. He later pleaded guilty to misdemeanor assault stemming from a 2013 altercation outside a hotel in Washington, D.C. In 2017, his ex-girlfriend, model Karrueche Tran, was granted a five-year restraining order against Brown after she accused the “Look at Me Now” singer of sending her violent text messages and physically harming her. Bailey is not the only artist shamed for working with Brown. Last year, Normani, the former Fifth Harmony singer, appeared in Brown’s music video for “WE (Warm Embrace).” Fans were not supportive of the duo humping, grinding and kissing in the video. Despite the backlash, some fans are looking forward to hearing the “Treat Me” singer and Brown rock “How Does It Feel,” due out Feb. 24. “OH MY GAHD THIS IS GONNA SLAP HARD!” exclaimed one Chlöe stan. “Yasssssssss! I Want It Now.” The R&B star is set to release her debut album, “In Pieces,” next month, featuring her latest song, “Pray it Away.” Chlöe’s younger sister and collaborator, Halle, has also been the talk of social media this week, thanks to rumors surrounding her relationship with the rapper DDG, who has denied cheating on “The Little Mermaid” star. Supporters of the singer sisters have been wondering where mentor Beyoncé is to guide them out of their publicity messes. (Hint: She’s prepping for her Renaissance world tour.) “If Beyoncé don’t come knock some sense into Halle and Chlöe…” tweeted one fan. “I never unfollowed so fast omm Chloe why on Beyoncé’s green earth would you do this. Parkwood entertainment WHY?!” pleaded another former fan about the Brown collab. “Did Beyoncé approve this…” wrote a concerned follower.