Jamie Lee Curtis is embracing her A game and spilling her key secret about making it in Hollywood. The 64-year-old Oscar nominee revealed the crafty way she scores more screen time during filming: never going back to her trailer. “Here’s the deal,” she explained to Insider at the Santa Barbara International Film Festival on Saturday. “It’s my secret sauce. Don’t go back to your trailers. “Trailers are not your friend. Jonathan Wang, our producer of ‘Everything Everywhere All at Once,’ will tell you I never left the set. I don’t believe in it,” said Curtis, who nabbed her first Oscar nomination for Best Performance by an Actress in a Supporting Role with that film. The “Freaky Friday” star also noted how she originally wasn’t supposed to have many scenes in Rian Johnson’s 2019 hit “Knives Out,” but she was seemingly always present for the director. “He once called me his MVP on ‘Knives Out,’ and when he was asked why, he said, ‘Because she was always on set,'” she recalled of the two-time Academy Award nominee. “‘She never left the set.’ He ended up using me in shots he wasn’t going to use me in because I was on set.” Curtis has an upcoming slate of projects that she’s currently working on, including the movies “Borderlands, “Spychosis,” “Kay Scarpetta” and Disney’s “Haunted Mansion.” Elsewhere on the film festival’s red carpet, Curtis reflected on her long career and joked about how she used to be known as just the yogurt brand Activia’s spokesperson. “I’m 64 years old. I’ve been an actor since I was 19,” she told AP Entertainment. “I made horror films and sold yogurt that makes you s–t. I never thought I would hear my name at the Oscars.” The “Halloween” star referred to the commercials she did for the dairy brand, a probiotic yogurt that “supports gut health” and for whom she did ads for seven years. The mother of two recalled that when she found out she was nominated for a trophy, she was in “full acceptance” due to the methods she learned during her sobriety. “I’m sober 24 years in two weeks, and being sober, you live in a reality,” she said. “It’s not magical thinking, it’s not a fantasy life. This is my real life, and I am not the determiner of that happening. I have to accept what happens. “And so I was in full acceptance in that moment and was shocked, shocked, and then thrilled,” she gushed.