New Jersey Councilwoman Eunice Dwumfour was gunned down outside her home late Wednesday, crashing her car after being repeatedly shot while behind the wheel, officials said. Dwumfour, 30, was found dead in her white Nissan SUV after it crashed near the Camelot at La Mer apartment complex in Sayreville, NJ, ABC 7 News reported. The Republican councilwoman was found with multiple gunshot wounds, and pronounced dead at the scene, the Middlesex County Prosecutor’s Office confirmed Thursday morning. Some locals told RLS Media that the gunman was spotted racing off to the Garden State Parkway, which edges the complex. No other details were given on possible identifying details or a weapon. Dwumfour — who also preached for a Nigerian-based church group — appeared to be the intended target, authorities told the outlet, stressing that there was no obvious motive. Community organizer Charlie Kratovil posted video of her SUV being towed away from the scene, and called it “a huge loss for the Sayreville community.” “I personally knew her to be a very kind person and public servant. May she rest in peace. Dwumfour had served the Borough of Sayreville since November 2021, when she ousted the sitting Democrat in a shock election win. She was not up for reelection until 2024. New Jersey Gov. Phil Murphy said he was “stunned” by the news of the councilwoman’s death. “Her career of public service was just beginning, and by all accounts she had already built a reputation as a committed member of the Borough Council who took her responsibility with the utmost diligence and seriousness,” Murphy said in a statement. “I send my condolences to Councilwoman Dwumfour’s family and friends, her governing body colleagues, and the entire Sayreville community.” Sayreville Mayor Victoria Kilpatrick said the whole community was also “shocked and saddened by the loss.” “Eunice was a dedicated member of our borough council who was truly committed to serve our residents. The fact she was taken from us by this despicable criminal act makes this incident all the more horrifying,” she wrote. “Beyond her dedication to the community, I can share that she was a woman of deep faith and worked hard to integrate her strong Christian beliefs into her daily life as a person and community leader. “On a personal note, I can’t adequately express my feelings of sorrow at the loss of a friend.” Sayreville GOP chairperson Karen Bailey Bebert also sent her “sincerest condolences” to Dwumfour’s family. “May God bring you peace and God rest her soul,” she said. Dwumfour was also a member of Sayreville’s Human Relations Commission. Current member Mahesh Chitnis said she was “still processing the news.” “I am shocked, scared and heartbroken,” she said of the fatal shooting just 300 feet from her own home. “She was shot while returning back home. She was a woman full of life,” she said. “Eunice, rest in peace my friend…” A joint Facebook page for detective Juan Rodriguez and Pastor Doctor Nelia Rodriguez — also members of the human relations commission — said they were “heartbroken” at the murder. “She was an amazing friend, a woman who loved God,” they wrote, with one saying they saw her that morning “not knowing tonight was going to be the end of her life.” “I can’t stop crying. She was 30 years young and full of life. You will be missed my dear, precious friend.” Dwumfour was a Certified Business Analyst and Scrum Professional for Fire Congress Fellowship Inc. and a part-time EMT. She also served as a Director of Churches for the Nigerian-based Champions Royal Assembly, according to her LinkedIn page, in which touted her “bubbly personality, and strong work ethics.” She graduated from William Paterson University with a BA in Women’s Studies. There had been no arrests as of Thursday morning, the local reports said. Police declined to comment when reached by The Post Thursday.