Elvis has left the building — and brides are discovering a new side of Las Vegas that has nothing to do with greasy pompadours or rhinestone suits. When Sophie O’Brien decided that it was finally time to tie the knot with her childhood sweetheart, Bernie O’Brien (handily, the couple happened to share a last name prior to marriage), she felt the call of Sin City — not for its bright lights or casinos, but for its stunning natural beauty and a surprising number of family-friendly activities. O’Brien, 28, who works in adult education in Youghal in the Irish county of Cork, met her husband, a 30-year-old electrical engineer, after he moved in across the street when he was just 8 years old. They made the romance official in 2014. “Five months later, I was pregnant with twins,” said O’Brien. The couple now have two 7-year-olds and a 3-year-old. O’Brien initially booked a local wedding, but when her grandmother passed away before her big day, the family decided it was time to do something outside of the box. “Within three months, I had booked Vegas,” said O’Brien, who had visited as a child. “I thought, ‘I can marry my partner with my children and my immediate family and have a vacation.’ I loved the easiness of it.” O’Brien held her ceremony last Mother’s Day at the overlook at Red Rock Canyon just 17 miles west of the Las Vegas Strip, a stunning conservation area within the Mojave Desert. “The scenery and the mountains were so special for us, because we have nothing of that size in Ireland. I thought it was perfect,” said O’Brien. The couple’s wedding planner, Emily Reno of Elopement Las Vegas, said that couples are realizing that Vegas means more than kitschy chapels. “About five years ago, I saw a lot of people coming to Vegas who wanted a smaller wedding in a scenic location, and didn’t want the cheesy Elvis thing,” said Reno — who, for the record, thinks “a nostalgic Elvis chapel wedding is great.” She added: “I think people are becoming more aware that there are so many really scenic locations just outside the city. You can get married somewhere really cool and beautiful and then come back and party on the Strip.” Ready to redefine Vegas? These stunning, off-the-strip venues are unforgettable. Visible from the Vegas Strip, Red Rock Canyon — a favorite Hollywood filming locale for classic westerns — currently offers three wedding sites. The easiest is the overlook on State Route 159, which boasts panoramic views of the canyon. It’s a developed site with a paved 25-car parking area and picnic tables. Drive in, “I thee wed” and drive out. What could be more Vegas? Worried about crossing the desert in heels? Then check out the Red Spring Boardwalk Platform in Calico Basin. The generously sized wooden boardwalk is surrounded by red sandstone peaks — peep the iconic Keystone Thrust Fault in the distance — and can accommodate up to 50. For an even more intimate experience, head to Red Rock Ash Spring Overlook and wed beneath an ash tree with up to 15 of your nearest and dearest. A permit is required for all park venues but fees start at just $115 or $6 per person. Visit BLM.gov and RedRockCanyonLV.org for more info. Valley of Fire State Park is 40,000 acres of sculptural red sandstone and limestone outcrops sprinkled with 2,000-year-old petrified trees. Looking for that Martian environment for your wedding photos? This is it. Hiring a pro is essential, since the Nevada parks department only grants permits for weddings to licensed and insured planners. Up to 60 guests can take it all in. You’ve found the desert; now head to the oasis. Lake Las Vegas has it all, from palm trees to upscale amenities. Located in Henderson, the 320-acre reservoir is surrounded by hotels and restaurants, like Hilton Lake Las Vegas, the Westin and the Reflection Bay Golf Club, which all host weddings. The cost is more than in the desert, starting at $4,000. “It’s great for people who want a bit more of a normal wedding, but with access to Vegas,” said Reno. Take a tip from Hollywood — the ultra-flat, exposed Eldorado Dry Lake Bed creates dramatic shadows and unreal images. Pro tip: Colors pop against the bleached-out, cracked earth. “It’s extremely vast,” said Reno. “The vibes and the backdrop are incredible.” Just 45 minutes from the Strip near Boulder City, the park can host up to 50. Permits must be secured through an insured planner. The downside — no restrooms. So consider limiting your time and hire a party bus with facilities.