Nearly three months after he first filed a motion to dismiss a lawsuit connected to the Mississippi welfare scandal, Brett Favre’s lawyers restarted that process again on Friday. The paperwork reportedly asked the judge to remove the Hall of Fame quarterback’s name from litigation filed in May 2022 that sued Favre — along with “more than three dozen other people or businesses,” per the Associated Press — for misusing millions of dollars from the Temporary Assistance to Needy Families. “It is apparent that [Mississippi Department of Human Services] has sued Favre, a Mississippi and national celebrity, to try to deflect responsibility for its own egregious wrongdoing in allowing tens of millions of dollars of its public funds to be misspent — funds for which MDHS itself admits it was ‘exclusively responsible,'” Favre’s lawyers wrote in the filing, according to the AP. Favre’s motion, published by The Clarion-Ledger, started its preliminary statement by bluntly writing “Brett Favre has done nothing wrong,” before adding that there’s no “factual or legal basis to include Favre in this lawsuit.” “Including Favre in this lawsuit has had the intended effect — it attracted national media attention, with the focus on MDHS’s false insinuations concerning Favre’s supposed involvement, rather than on MDHS, which in fact is responsible for this scandal,” the motion later stated. The AP reported that Favre’s latest motion responds to the state’s revised demand, which came after his initial attempt to be dismissed in November. At the time of the lawsuit last year, attorney Brad Pigott told Mississippi Today that he didn’t “understand these people.” “What kind of person would decide that money the law required to be spent helping the poorest people in the poorest state would be better spent being doled out by them to their own families, their own pet projects, and their own favorite celebrities,” Pigott said at the time. Favre has reportedly not been charged and has repaid $1.1 million that he was given for “speaking fees,” despite him allegedly never attending those events. Other projects supported by Favre in the MDHS lawsuit include a volleyball arena at the University of Southern Mississippi — where Favre attended college and his daughter played on the volleyball team — and the development of a concussion treatment drug, according to the AP. The motion on behalf of Favre becomes his latest insertion into the legal realm this week. He filed lawsuits Thursday that accused Mississippi state auditor Shad White, Pat McAfee and Shannon Sharpe — the latter two a pair of sportscasters on “The Pat McAfee Show” and Fox Sports, respectively — of publicly defaming him while discussing the ongoing welfare scandal. Favre’s lawsuit used phrases such as “egregiously false” and “outrageous falsehoods” to describe the statements of McAfee and Sharpe, respectively. And White, Favre alleged, “has carried out an outrageous media campaign of malicious and false accusations,” according to the AP. McAfee responded on his show Friday by mentioning the lawsuits from “Brett f–king Favre” and revealing that he had been sent two letters with demands to remedy the situation: erase all videos that mention Favre’s name and issue a public apology by 8:30 p.m. Wednesday the week of Super Bowl 2023. “A lot of people are wondering how my lawyers are gonna handle this,” McAfee said. “You know it, I ain’t got ’em. So let’s ride this f–ker. I’m excited to see how it goes. I’ll see you in court pal.”