INDIANAPOLIS — The clock is ticking on the Jets to make a quarterback decision, but general manager Joe Douglas said the team is not going to rush things. Douglas met the media on Tuesday here at the NFL Scouting Combine. He could not comment directly on Aaron Rodgers, who is under contract with the Packers, but said the team had a “fantastic” visit with free agent Derek Carr a little more than a week ago and said they are going to let the process play out. “It’s hard to put an exact timetable,” Douglas said. “I think everybody would like it done sooner rather than later but everyone has their own process. We have our process, exploring the market, exploring options. Each player has their own process of what they have going on. Can’t give a direct timetable, a specific timetable. When a decision is ready to be made I feel very strongly we’re going to make the right decision for the Jets.” The Jets and the rest of the NFL are waiting to hear from Rodgers about his plans for 2023. Packers GM Brian Gutekunst said Tuesday that he has not had substantive talks with Rodgers about his future. Until Rodgers makes it clear whether he wants to play and if he is willing to move on from Green Bay via trade, the Jets are in a holding pattern. There is a feeling from some Jets fans that they should sign Carr now and not wait on Rodgers. Douglas indicated that Carr is in no rush and the Jets don’t have to rush. “I don’t want to speak for Derek,” Douglas said. “This is the first time that he’s been a free agent in his pro career. Being around him, seeing how smart a person he is, I know he’s going to be thorough with his process to make sure that him and his family end up in the right destination for them. We’re going to respect his process and then again we’ll be ready to make a decision when the time comes.” Douglas would not say whether he has had conversations with the Packers, but the Jets have had preliminary discussions with the Packers in case a trade becomes a possibility. “This is the season where we talk to a lot of GMs and talk about a lot of different scenarios and a lot of different trades, not just quarterbacks,” Douglas said. “I’ve had a lot of productive discussions with multiple GMs around the league.” Douglas was able to be more open when discussing Carr, who was released by the Raiders in early February. Carr came to New Jersey two weekends ago and had good discussions with the Jets. Carr is traveling here this week to meet with teams and Douglas confirmed the Jets would huddle with Carr again here. “I can tell you that was a fantastic visit,” Douglas said. “Enjoyed spending time with him. He’s the only quarterback I can really shed any light on with you guys since he’s the only quarterback that’s a free agent. I can say that he left a strong impression with everybody. Obviously we’re going to be exploring the veteran quarterback market this offseason and we’re going to look at every available option. We feel like when it’s time to make the right decision when everybody goes through their process, we’re going to make the best decision for the Jets.” Douglas heaped praise on Carr. “With Derek, high-level producer,” Douglas said. “But really a phenomenal person, just spending time with him. Very authentic, ultra-intelligent, just very comfortable in his own skin and highly competitive. On the tape, you see the talent, you see the release, the velocity, the way he gets the ball out, the decision making, the accuracy, so a lot of things to like.” The new league year begins on March 15 and that is when free agency begins. Gutekunst indicated the Packers want Rodgers to make a decision before then. The Jets surely need to know their plans by then as well because whatever they do at quarterback will affect the rest of their roster building.