All in all, it’s just another brick in the wall The longstanding feud between former Pink Floyd frontmen Roger Waters and David Gilmour got even uglier Monday after the latter’s wife, novelist Polly Samson, lambasted Waters over alleged “anti-Semitic” remarks on Twitter. “Sadly @rogerwaters you are antisemitic to your rotten core,” fumed “The Kindness” author, who became one of PF’s main lyricists after Waters left the band in 1985. She also labelled the 79-year-old Pink Floyd co-founder a “Putin apologist and a lying, thieving, hypocritical, tax-avoiding, lip-synching, misogynistic, sick-with-envy, megalomaniac.” It’s yet unclear what inspired the scribe’s online salvo. However Samson, 60, could have been reacting to a recent interview Waters did with Germany’s Berliner Zeitung, in which the rabble-rousing rock star doubled down on his prior comments analogizing the State of Israel to the Nazis over its treatment of Palestinians. Elsewhere in the interview, the Rock & Roll Hall of Famer had defended Russian President Vladimir Putin over his decision to invade the Ukraine. Either way, shortly thereafter, Gilmour, 76 liked and retweeted his wife’s Twitter hit piece with the message: “Every word demonstrably true.” Apparently not pleased with the husband-and-wife Twitter tag team, Waters’ camp posted a rebuttal on Instagram hours later. “Roger Waters is aware of the incendiary and wildly inaccurate comments made about him on Twitter by Polly Samson which he refutes entirely,” the statement read. “He is currently taking advice as to his position.” The Post has reached out to Waters’ reps for further comment on the matter. Meanwhile, the inter-Floyd-dal spat reportedly dates back 40 years, but heated up after Waters initially departed Pink Floyd in 1985 over creative differences with Gilmour, Far Out Magazine reported. The following year, Waters started High Court proceedings to formally dissolve Pink Floyd on the grounds that it could not survive without his creative oversight. While the dueling bandmates settled their differences out of court, the tensions continued to simmer both publicly and behind the scenes. Waters and Gilmour seemingly called a brief détente in 2005 after reuniting for a performance at the Live 8 benefit concert in Hyde Park, London. In his most recent barb in 2020, Waters ripped the guitarist on Twitter for calling him “irrelevant” and “banning” him from the group’s website and social media. The “Another Brick In The Wall” singer also complained that his solo projects are not allowed to come up for mention while those of Samson are promoted. Waters went so far as to say that they could “just change the name of the band to Spinal Tap, and then everything will be hunky dory,” before adding, “All right, I’m not gonna get all weird and sarcastic, although as you know, that is a direction in which I am known to sometimes lean temperamentally.”