The Canadian school which employs teacher Kayla Lemieux — who wears size Z prosthetic breasts to class —  received its latest threat on Tuesday, days after The Post published photos of her dressed as a man while not at work. In an email to parents and staff at Ontario’s Oakville Trafalgar High School, acting principal Steve Oliver said the anonymous, unspecified threat was made online. Oliver said that “a scan of our school has been conducted” and that cops were “notified immediately” but also downplayed the likely danger. “While all threats are treated seriously, we believe these threats lack credibility and are more rooted in hateful mischief than high-level risk,” he wrote in the email obtained by The Post. The incident marked the latest in a series of bomb and gun threats made since photos and videos of shop teacher Lemieux went viral shortly after she began teaching at the school in September. The images showed her wearing tight clothing over the giant, fake breasts with large nipples visible through the fabric. The Halton District School Board is also facing demands from parents who want a dress code imposed in response to Lemieux’s appearance. Also Tuesday, The Post obtained a message sent to Trafalgar High teachers in which the Ontario Human Rights Commission said it was “aware and concerned about the increasing violence targeted at education officials for doing human rights work, adhering to the obligations set under the Ontario Human Rights Code and implementing government policy.” “The OHRC is firmly committed to improving public understanding of human rights to foster a human rights culture in the province of Ontario,” the undated message said. On Friday, The Post exclusively revealed how Lemieux emerged from her apartment clad in men’s clothing and without the breasts, makeup and wig she wore to school earlier in the day. A neighbor also identified the person photographed by The Post as Lemieux. During a follow-up interview, Lemieux told The Post that her breasts were “real” and that she’s “not a transgendered person” but was born “intersex.” Lemieux blamed the size of her breasts on a rare condition known as “gigantomastia,” which she said was caused by hormone replacement therapy she began undergoing in 2021. “My whole life, I’ve been identifying as male. I’ve been looking like a male. When I decided to embrace this other side of me around age 39, this presented itself,” she said. Lemieux also denied being the person in the photos but acknowledged that she couldn’t prove any of her claims.