Super Bowl LVII will boast a halftime show guaranteed to warrant a (pon de) replay. All hail Rihanna: Grammy Award winning artist.  Fashion Icon. National hero. Video vanguard. Billionaire. Sexiest joint ever rolled and her royal highness of the halftime show. For RiRi die hards, Super Bowl LVII, held on February 12, 2023, marks not the pinnacle of professional competitive sports but the long awaited return of our Pisces priestess. It’s been seven years since Rihanna released her last album, “Anti,” and half a decade since she performed live. While we’ve been waiting, Riri has been at it, elevating her SavageXFenty brand, falling in love with boyfriend A$AP Rocky, making pregnancy style more aspirational than ever before and giving birth to a son on May 13, 2022, thereby adding a welcome member to team Taurus. Praise be. Not even NFL stars can keep their chill about Rihanna’s performance, though this is not the first time the Super Bowl has asked Rihanna to grace it’s half time stage. In 2018, the artist declined an invitation to perform in light of the NFL’s treatment of Colin Kaepernick. When Rihanna accepted this latest opportunity, her decision was made with representation in mind. As the star explained during a press conference,”That’s a big part of why this is important for me to do this show: representation, representing for immigrants, representing for my country, Barbados, representing for Black women everywhere.” Rihanna also credited her young son with inspiring her to take on the largest television audience known to man, “When you become a mom, there’s something that just happens where you feel like you could take on the world — you can do anything. And the Super Bowl is one of the biggest stages in the world, so as scary as that was … there’s something exhilarating about the challenge of it all. It’s important for my son to see that.” Important for him, fortunate for us. Fans are speculating as to what RiRi’s Super Bowl set list will entail, with signs and star signs pointing towards a montage of the artist’s greatest hits including her Oscar nominated song “Lift Me Up,” from the “Black Panther: Wakanda Forever” soundtrack Regardless of what she plays, or who wins the game, the stars suggest RiRi will come correct and steal the show. Dice rolling, more is more planet Jupiter in Aries will be conjunct Rihanna’s moon, giving her an added boost of feminine prowess, self-assurance and absolute command of her craft. Add to the good vibes that Mars in Gemini will be trining and vibing with Rihanna’s Mercury, suggesting that her powers of artistic expression and verbal communication will be high shine and right on target. Gemini energy is also erratic AF and given Rihanna’s pension for boldness and bad boys (she included polarizing actorJohnny Depp in her recent SavageXFenty fashion show) there’s a chance she could bring out a controversial collaborator like ex Chris Brown or devoted fan boy Drake, or really court the chaos and share a stage with both! We wait, as ever, with bated breath, poured Jameson shot, and blunt at the ready. In the meantime. what does Rihanna’s full birth chart reveal? Read on to learn more. Rihanna was born on Feb. 20, 1988 in Saint Michael, Barbados, making her a dreamy, idealistic Pisces sun with a war path waging Aries moon. Though her sun sign is water ruled, the predominant element within Rihanna’s chart is fire — and folks, it shows. People with strong Pisces energy tend to be overpowered by their emotions, but — because RiRi has tremendous reserves of fire and earth — she is able to ground herself, fuel herself and channel her passion into tangible goals. Aries is first born energy, it charges forward and stops at nothing to get what it wants. Aries dominates Rihanna’s chart and supports her when she takes risks and makes moves. Add to this that our girl has prominent planets in Capricorn, the CEO/big daddy of the zodiac, meaning she’s playing the long game, here to get paid (“B***h Better Have My Money”) and establish a rock steady legacy. Fire and earth conspire to help Rihanna blaze and build. By knowing how to ask for what she wants, work toward her goals and then strike fiercely with complete confidence that she has been able to branch out in any way she chooses. There are some aspects in her chart that hint that she’s a rebel, but I don’t truly believe that this epitomizes her. I don’t feel like she’s inherently someone who lashes out. Instead, I think that she’s independent and immensely courageous, curating controversy rather than being controlled by it. Rihanna is strategic. She’s a force to be reckoned with. She can set her mind on anything (Capricorn) and work her magic (Pisces) to get it. Not only does her chart speak to understanding traditional business models, but there’s a synergy with more modern, unconventional approaches to wealth acquisition. Rihanna can present visionary energy in her work and also in business and the business of cash money. Jupiter, the planet of miracles and wealth, links perfectly to her Mars (her drive), her Saturn (her structures) and her Uranus (her genius). Jupiter expands everything it touches exponentially and provides luck, prosperity and gain. Her Jupiter is in Aries — meaning that when she has the vision, calls the shots and sets forth on any new endeavor, she is guaranteed to find success. A$AP Rocky, Rihanna’s longtime flame, was born on Oct. 3, 1988. That makes him a Libra sun with a Cancer moon. While the couple started out as collaborators and friends, it appears theirs is a very serious highly spiritual connection. While neither Rihanna nor A$AP Rocky’s birth times are listed online as soon as I pulled up their natal charts side-by-side, my head spun! My compatibility rating for them is an 8.5 out of 10. There are just so many beautiful alignments between them that I can easily see why they have built such a solid foundation for family. This is also a perfect example of why sun sign matches are not the most important tool to predict a couple’s compatibility — there are so many other factors to consider. For instance, Rihanna’s Pisces sun is sensitive, imaginative and romantic, which shares a similarity with A$AP’s Libra sun, which is also charming, sensual and loving. But while Rihanna’s Pisces sun is water, A$AP’s Libra sun is air — not technically an easy match. But, as previously mentioned, Rihanna’s chart is mostly fire and earth, while A$AP’s chart is mostly fire and air. Meaning they significantly energize each other — especially with most of Rihanna’s energy being in Aries and a large portion of A$AP’s chart falling in Libra. Aries and Libra are like a yin-yang, balancing one another. In fact, Rihanna’s fiery moon is exactly in unison with her man’s sun, showing that this is a profound union — dare I say — a soulmate union. Both of their suns are nearly connected to each other’s Venuses, the planet which rule pleasure and affection. Hot s–t. Add to this that A$AP’s Venus is in an exact link with Rihanna’s Mars and Jupiter, showing that there’s expansive passion, sex and euphoria that they bring to one another’s lives. Oh, and if anyone wants to know who is the dom/power top most of the time in the relationship, it’s def Rihanna! Rihanna is entering one of the most important periods in her lifetime for many different reasons, and my dudes, she’s only just begun to show us what she’s made of and for. Saturn, the planet of life lessons, will enter Pisces in 2023 and will be making some intense moves over many of her planets from then until nearly 2028. This will help Rihanna to sure up her empire but could also bring some tough decisions that she must face, more responsibility but ultimately more reward, more guts more glory for our fire moon queen. New product launches? New real estate? New business initiatives? All guaranteed. 100. Absolutely. Rihanna has already teased an upcoming tour and while the wait for her new album has been INTERMINABLE if there’s one thing we know it’s that this hers is a sound and style worth waiting for. Astrology 101: Your guide to the stars Kyle Thomas is a globally recognized pop culture astrologer who has been featured in ”Access Hollywood,” E! Entertainment, NBC & ABC television, Cosmopolitan magazine, Hulu, Bustle, Elite Daily, Marie Claire and more. He is known for his cosmic guidance for celebrities, business executives and prominent influencers. His work harnesses the power of the stars in regards to entertainment lifestyle and trends affecting people worldwide. For more information, visit KyleThomasAstrology.com. Astrologer Reda Wigle researches and irreverently reports back on planetary configurations and their effect on each zodiac sign. Her horoscopes integrate history, poetry, pop culture and personal experience. She is also an accomplished writer who has profiled a variety of artists and performers, as well as extensively chronicled her experiences while traveling. Among the many intriguing topics she has tackled are cemetery etiquette, her love for dive bars, Cuban Airbnbs, a “girls guide” to strip clubs and the “weirdest” foods available abroad.