Not even Maximus is above the rules. Actor Russell Crowe and his girlfriend Britney Theriot were denied service at an Australian restaurant for not meeting the smart-casual dress code, according to a report. The couple went to eat at Mr. Miyagi, a Japanese-fusion establishment in Melbourne, with outfits worn when they played tennis earlier in the day, but the staff was quick to deny them entry. “He (Russell) went there wearing a brand new Ralph Lauren polo having just played a game of tennis and was turned away,’ Crowe’s manager Grant Vandenberg told the Daily Mail Australia. The restaurant describes itself as “casual but fancy” where “work gear, activewear, singlets, and thongs (flip-flops)” are forbidden. Mr. Miyagi’s management doubled down on their decision to kick out the Gladiator star, saying no one is above their rules. “We treat everyone the same. It doesn’t matter who you are or if you are Russell Crowe. We’ve got a dress code that we push across every level,” owner Kristian Klein told The Herald Sun. “We are consistent with it and I don’t feel like it’s unreasonable. Klein continued. “But I know personally if I’m in my thongs (flip-flops) and my boardies (shorts), I’m not going to try and go to a nice restaurant, because I wouldn’t be dressed appropriately.” Klein said the staff member that denied Crowe’s entry did not know who the Robin Hood actor was, a “very unfortunate situation for everyone.” Mr. Miyagi had some fun with the situation, updating its dress code policy on Instagram. “Dress smart casual, unless you’re Russell Crowe, then wear whatevs,” the sign read. The restaurant also addressed Crowe, clearing up the air. “Dear Russell, During your last visit it seems we got off on the wrong foot. After much reflection on what occurred, we have made a permanent change to our dress code,” the caption read. “We would love to see you again in the future, you’re always welcome at Mr. Miyagi.” According to the Daily Mail, Australian radio broadcaster Steve Price and his girlfriend were turned away at the restaurant just days later for a dress code violation. Crowe, who started dating Theriot in Nov. 2020, joins the list of recent A-listers who were given the boot from eateries. Talk show host James Corden was banned from Keith McNally’s Manhattan restaurant Balthazar in Oct. 2022 after he allegedly mistreated the restaurant’s employees. Other stars to have the boot from establishments include Ariana Grande from a California doughnut shop after being caught on surveillance camera licking some unattended pastries.