Gigi needs a hanky. The supermodel, 27, boohooed over fame and its downsides in a new interview with Elle magazine, where she appears on the cover of the March issue. When asked what people wouldn’t know about her from reading headlines or social media posts, her eyes began to well up. “I’m getting emotional [thinking about it],” Hadid replied. “I think that I’m someone who you have to be in front of to experience. It’s not hard. This isn’t a complaint. It’s more that in my job, you see a lot of snapshots.” As she wiped away tears and excused the interviewer’s apology for making her cry, she continued, “No, it’s fine. Apparently, I needed to say it. There are a lot of snapshots and really quick moments where, again, there’s not a lot of context given.” She added that she and her younger sister, Bella Hadid, are in therapy to help them deal with challenges of the modeling industry. Hadid has not been shy about sharing her mental health struggles. In 2016, she revealed  she suffers from anxiety, and last year, she told Vogue she battles “imposter syndrome” quite a bit. While speaking with Elle, the Guest in Residence knitwear brand entrepreneur also disclosed that one of her famous friends has given her advice about ignoring negative headlines. “Serena Williams once told me, ‘Nothing stays in the press longer than three weeks,'” Hadid told the outlet. “You can feel like your life is ending… [but] if it’s a mistake, then it will pass. I think it’s about not taking yourself that seriously and being like, ‘When I am on my deathbed, I’m not going to remember that one awkward interview from when I was 19.’” The Post reached out to Hadid and Williams’ reps for comment. In September 2020, Hadid welcomed her first child, daughter Khai, with former “One Direction” singer Zayn Malik. The on-again, off-again couple appeared to split for good in 2021 after about six years of dating. In an interview with Entertainment Tonight in October, Hadid’s mom, Yolanda, insisted that Khai is a “reincarnation” of her own mom, Ans van den Herik, who died in 2019. “I feel like my mom came back in this little miniature, incredible little human being,” the former “Real Housewives of Beverly Hills” star explained. “She does things, and I’m like, ‘Oh my god, that’s my mom.’” Hadid was first linked to actor Leonardo DiCaprio in September during last season’s NYFW when they were spotted at a loft party and at Casa Cipriani. Things appeared to fizzle out by December though. She joins Tan France as co-host of Season 2 of Netflix’s “Next in Fashion,” premiering March 3.