Eagles rookie guard Josh Sills, who was indicted on rape and kidnapping charges in his native Ohio this week, allegedly forced a woman to perform oral sex on him, according to a police report obtained by TMZ Sports. The 25-year-old Sills engaged in sexual activity that was not consensual and held the victim against her will in an alleged incident that occurred in Guernsey County on Dec. 5, 2019, prosecutors said in a release on the Ohio attorney general’s website on Wednesday. According to the police report, Sills allegedly forced a woman to perform oral sex on him for “approximately 20 minutes” in his truck around 2 a.m. “until he did his thing” — which resulted in the woman sustaining bruising in the back of her throat, her inner lip, her right ear and on the back of her left knee. Police said they took photos of the alleged victim’s injuries. In the report, the woman said Sills had given her and her cousin a ride back to her cousin’s home from a local cafe. The woman and Sills, who were both 21 years old at the time, knew each other for approximately seven or eight years and attended high school together. Police said the victim told them that Sills grabbed her by the arm and pulled her back in as her cousin exited the vehicle. According to the report, the woman said her cousin “did not think anything of it and shut the door and walked into the house.” That’s when Sills allegedly attempted to kiss her before grabbing her by the neck and throwing her down on the seat. The woman said Sills allegedly unbuttoned her pants and began groping her while she told him to stop repeatedly. According to the report, the woman said Sills allegedly sat up, grabbed her by the back of her neck and pulled her on top of him, and said “she was doing this and was not leaving until she did this.” That’s when Sills allegedly forced her to perform oral sex on him. Afterward, the woman asked Sills if she could leave and he allegedly said “you will talk to me again,” before she exited his truck and ran inside the home. Sills was indicted by a Guernsey County Common Pleas Court grand jury on one felony count of rape and one felony count of kidnapping this week. His attorney, Michael Connick, told the Associated Press the allegations against his client are false. Sills is scheduled to appear in court on Feb. 16 — four days after the Eagles and Chiefs will face off at State Farm Stadium in Arizona in Super Bowl 2023. The NFL placed Sills on the Commissioner Exempt List on Wednesday afternoon as the league reviews the incident under the league’s personal conduct policy. Sills may not participate in practices or travel with the team while on the list. “The organization is aware of the legal matter involving Josh Sills,” the Eagles said in a statement. “We have been in communication with the league office and are in the process of gathering more information. We have no further comment at this time.” The rookie offensive lineman appeared in one regular-season game for Philadelphia against the Cardinals on Oct. 9, playing four snaps on special teams. Sills, who turned 25 last Thursday, joined the Eagles before the 2022 season as an undrafted free agent. Sills started two games at West Virginia in 2019, and missed the rest of the season after undergoing surgery that Sept. for a “lingering issue.” He then transferred to Oklahoma State University for the 2020 season.