Welcome back to the jungle. Guns N’ Roses just announced they’re returning to the road this summer for a huge 2023 World Tour that will bring them all over the globe from June through October. Following their dates in Israel and Europe, the second leg of the tour takes Axl Rose, Slash, Duff and the rest of GNR to North America where they’ll play arenas, stadiums and ballparks throughout the U.S. and Canada. That includes two notable stops for New Yorkers — on Aug. 15, the group hits East Rutherford’s MetLife Stadium; two weeks later, they’re tapped to play Saratoga Springs’ Saratoga Performing Arts Center on Sept. 1. Interestingly enough, the tour, their first in the U.S. since 2021’s ‘We’re F’N Back Tour’ was casually teased midway through the Daytona 500 on Sunday, Feb. 19. And now, that the tour has officially been announced, you can get your hands on tickets to see the “Sweet Child O’ Mine” rockers as early as today. Although inventory isn’t available on Ticketmaster until Friday, March 3, fans who want to ensure they have tickets ahead of time can purchase on sites like Vivid Seats before they’re officially on sale. Vivid Seats is a secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand. They have a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and will be delivered before the event. Outside of touring, Guns N’ Roses will also headline at Sacramento’s hard-rock heavy Aftershock Festival from Oct. 5-8. At the time of publication, the only other act announced for the four-day extravaganza is Pantera.  A complete North American calendar including all concert dates, venues and links to buy tickets can be found below.  In 2022, Guns N’ Roses dusted off the iconic 1991 double album “Use Your Illusion” and put out four discs of deluxe remasters and live recordings from 1991 and 1992. You can re-live all the hits — including “November Rain” which just became the first ’90s rock song to hit two billion views on YouTube according to Loudwire — in their updated pristine and raw form here. Prior to the re-release, the band dropped two new singles in 2021: the pulsating “Hard Skool” and heavy “ABSUЯD.” The latter track puts Axl Rose’s legendary falsetto on display, and yes, he can still hit those impossibly high notes.  The last Guns N’ Roses tour bled into 2022 when the Rock and Roll Hall of Famers toured Australia. According to Set List FM, the songs they played didn’t change much whether their show was in Hollywood, FL or Perth. Here’s what a typical set list looked like for the group if you’re wondering whether they’re going to play the hits you know and love: 01.) “It’s So Easy”02.) “Mr. Brownstone”03.) “Chinese Democracy”04.) “Slither” (Velvet Revolver cover)05.) “Double Talkin’ Jive”06.) “Welcome to the Jungle” 07.) “Better” 08.) “Estranged”09.) “Live and Let Die” (Wings cover)10.) “You’re Crazy”11.) “Shadow of Your Love”12.) “Black Hole Sun” (Soundgarden cover)13.) “Rocket Queen”14.) “You Could Be Mine”15.) “I Wanna Be Your Dog” (The Stooges cover)16.) “Absurd”17.) “Hard Skool”18.) “Civil War”19.) “Sweet Child o’ Mine”20.) “November Rain”21.) “Wichita Lineman” (Jimmy Webb cover)22.) “Patience”23.) “Knockin’ on Heaven’s Door” (Bob Dylan cover) 24.) “Nightrain” Encore:25.) “Coma”26.) “Don’t Cry”27.) “The Seeker” (The Who cover)28.) “Paradise City” If you want to dig into their past, you can find a record of what Guns N Roses played at every single one of their concerts ever dating back to their first-ever gig in 1985 in West Hollywood at the Troubadour (they opened with “Jumpin’ Jack Flash”) by clicking here.  Over the years, GNR has undergone quite a few lineup changes. Here’s who you can expect to see when the group tours this year. Frontman Axl Rose will be back to perform lead vocals and play piano and percussion. He’ll be joined by bassist Duff McKagan, guitarist Slash, keyboardist/pianist Dizzy Reed, guitartist Richard Fortus, drummer Frank Ferrer and Melissa Reese on the synthesizers.  Prepare your ears because it’s about to get loud this year. Many of the heaviest rockers around will be testing amp’s limits all over North America when they tour the continent in these next few months. Here are just five of our favorite acts you won’t want to miss when they come to a city near  you. • Metallica • Pantera • Mötley Crüe and Def Leppard • Bret Michaels • Rob Zombie and Alice Cooper Want to see who else is out and about? Check out our list of the 52 biggest concert tours in 2023 here.