Mamma Mia, this knockoff European block is a real site! For anyone who has wanted to immortalize that holiday in Italy, but lacked the vision to create it, this wild new listing may be a dream come true. Located within the gated Las Vegas community of the Ridges, this 9,700-plus-square-foot mansion boasts a unique surprise outside. And you don’t need a plane ticket to take in the escape. “The replica of a quaint Italian street in the backyard of the home is definitely a standout feature,” Douglas Elliman broker Michele Sullivan told The Post of the six-bedroom, four-bathroom listing, which is currently asking $6.5 million. “How often do you come across a property that not only has all the modern amenities, but can also transport you to another continent within minutes? … It’s a great way to entertain or just ‘escape’ with a glass of wine and a charcuterie board.” That’s right — this listing most notably features a recreation of a street in Italy. The cobblestoned lane is complete with the eatery Ristorante Jaredino (named for the owners’ son, Jared), the Allison Cioccolato chocolate shop (named for their daughter, Allison) and Chez Andre, a wine and cheese shop (named after their other son, Andy), Lara Stone — who is selling the compound with her ex-husband, assessment collection company founder David Stone — told the Wall Street Journal. Although neither of the Stones are Italian, they’re big fans of the country. They had the notion to turn the light well next to their basement into an homage to the nation after Lara’s mother saw a mural depicting France on a shopping center wall. The setup, Lara told the outlet, is a big hit at parties. “It’s a very relaxing atmosphere,” she described. Meanwhile, in the main home, other entertaining features include a fireplace-equipped living room and a second-story primary bedroom with a gym, a private balcony and a firepit. There’s an outdoor kitchen, a pool and a basketball court. Take a ride in the elevator down to the basement for a home theater and a 600-bottle temperature-controlled wine room.