Cutting calories could cut life short for those consuming this alternative sweetener. Erythritol, a common sugar substitute used to sweeten low-calorie food and drinks, has been linked to higher rates of heart attacks and strokes, according to a study by Cleveland Clinic doctors. The study, published in Nature Medicine, suggests that the substance puts people at risk by activating blood platelets to readily form potentially deadly clots. The naturally occurring compound, created by fermenting corn, is 70% as sweet as sugar with none of the calories — and the sweetener of choice for popular brands, including Monster Energy drinks, Halo Top ice cream, and Quest protein bars. “Our study shows that when participants consumed an artificially sweetened beverage with an amount of erythritol found in many processed foods, markedly elevated levels in the blood are observed for days — levels well above those observed to enhance clotting risks,” said Dr. Stanley Hazen, chairman of the clinic’s Department of Cardiovascular & Metabolic Sciences. Hazan further warned that federal guidelines concerning erythritol and food labeling are hazy, urging that more stringent regulation be considered in the interest of public health and awareness. Sometimes, in fact, labels don’t list the ingredient at all, describing them as “artificially sweetened with natural products” or “zero sugar,” according to Hazan. “Sweeteners like erythritol, have rapidly increased in popularity in recent years but there needs to be more in-depth research into their long-term effects,” he said in a statement. “Cardiovascular disease builds over time, and heart disease is the leading cause of death globally. We need to make sure the foods we eat aren’t hidden contributors.” Over the course of three years, researchers surveyed over 4,000 volunteers across the US and Europe, finding those with elevated erythritol levels in their blood were more likely to endure a potentially fatal cardiovascular event. Blood and platelet analysis also revealed that erythritol seems to facilitate the formation of clots. The findings are particularly concerning for the groups of people most likely to partake in low-calorie, low-sugar, low-carbohydrate and “keto” snacks, who also happen to be more vulnerable to the potentially fatal side effects of erythritol accumulation — such as people with diabetes, obesity or other conditions that advise avoiding sugar and fat. Researchers noted that follow-up studies are needed to confirm their hypothesis. In the meantime, they recommend patients who wish to avoid alternative sugars talk to their doctor or a certified dietician about healthy options.