The famed Toronto mansion where child stars Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen filmed “It Takes Two” was not only left abandoned for years — but was also recently demolished. Located at 68 The Bridle Path in the north of the Canadian city, the 4-acre estate spanned more than 30,000 square feet. It had 10 bedrooms and 14 baths — and even came with its own bomb shelter. In recent years, it listed for sale at a whopping $25 million, making it Canada’s priciest home at the time. The mansion was built in 1985 for real estate developer and financier, Robert Campeau. Due to looming debt following his attempted takeovers of businesses including shopping malls, he was forced to sell the home in 1990. As a result, more than 250 profitable department stores were bankrupted. Over the years, several deals to acquire the property had fallen through until 2002, when Harold and Sara Springer purchased the home and began renovating the French chateau-style property. “Originally when we bought the property, it did not deliver on the expectation of the gates,” Harold told the Toronto Star in 2017 when the home went up for sale after their children grew up and left the home. “It was our desire to deliver that authenticity through the property that is in keeping with the lifestyle of the Loire valley.” “If you closed your eyes, you would feel that you are there.” But there were no buyers until 2020, when a company named Nascond Holdings purchased the home for $30.8 million. The property had remained abandoned since, when a Canadian urban explorer, who has remained anonymous, went inside to capture photos before it was razed. “It was the most extravagant property I’ve explored in [23] years,” the explorer told The Post. “Every room was articulate and mesmerizing. It was a step into a lifestyle that I’ll never live, and apparently neither will anyone else now as they felt it had to be torn down.” Entry to the property is through a set of wrought-iron gates. Features of the home included a state-of-the-art gourmet kitchen, an indoor 50-foot swimming pool — which featured a structural floor that converted it into a ballroom — seven woodburning fireplaces, a recording studio and a wine cellar. There’s also an elevator that services all three floors. The garage was big enough to hold up to 40 cars. The home has played host to notable guests such as Jane Fonda. The residence was also used to film “Beau Bridges,” “Kissinger and Nixon” and “That Old Feeling” starring Bette Midler. On the lower level, in the basement, is a bar constructed with oak wood. There’s also that bomb shelter that comes with another living room, a bedroom and its own power generator. It is unclear why the home was demolished while still in a good state. The Post has reached out for comment.