In 2022, Lil Durk had to tack on additional dates to his ultra-popular “7220 Tour.” Now, a year and a life-threatening injury later, the Chicago-based drill rapper will finally wrap up his lengthy “7220 Deluxe Tour” with five huge arena concerts from Feb. 4 through March 25. First, the man who brought the world “Laugh Now, Cry Later” with Drake will touch down in Honolulu for a show at The Warehouse. From there, he’ll stop in at Albany’s MVP Arena on Feb. 10, Philadelphia’s Liacouras Center on Feb. 24 and Providence’s Amica Mutual Pavilion on March 3. Lil Durk will close his run of gigs at Fort Worth’s Dickies Arena on March 25. Best of all, he’ll be bringing along special guests like G Herbo, Toure and DD Osama on select dates How much does it cost to see Lil Durk live? Well, at the time of publication, the lowest price we could find on tickets was $53 before fees on Vivid Seats. All prices are subject to fluctuation.  A complete calendar including all of Lil Durk’s tour dates, venues, special guests and the cheapest tickets available can be found below. (Note: The New York Post confirmed all above prices at the publication time. All prices are subject to fluctuation and include additional fees at checkout.) Vivid Seats is a verified secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand. They offer a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and your tickets will be delivered prior to the event.  Lil Durk is nothing if not prolific. In 2022 alone, he released the 23-track “Lil Durk Presents: Loyal Bros 2” as well as the single “1ro” featuring Anuel AA, “My Friends” with Ty Dolla $ign, “Q-Pid” alongside 2Rare, “F–k My Cousin Pt. II” with Lil Zay and provided a guest verse on Cardi B and Ye’s “Hot S-t.” Don’t forget his “7220” album either which was also released in 2022. The record, named after his grandmother’s Chicago address as well as a book his mother LaShawnda Woodard wrote, landed at the top of the Billboard 200 after its March 11 release date. Critics received it warmly as well; Rolling Stone said “(7220) offers a mellow read on drill.”  On July 31, Lil Durk announced that his head had been struck by an explosive pyrotechnic the day before while performing at Chicago’s Lollapalooza Music Festival. As a result, he suffered injuries to his face and right eye. Soon after, he postponed his late summer and fall tour dates until early 2023.  Thankfully, not all rappers have as few shows on their tour calendars as Lil Durk does this year, Here are just five of our favorite hip-hop icons that might just be coming to a city near you in the next few months. • Lil Wayne • A Boogie Wit Da Hoodie • Future • YG • Legendz of the Streetz with Rick Ross, T.I., Gucci Mane and more Want to see what else is out there? If that’s the case, we recommend checking out our list of the 52 biggest concert tours in 2023 here.