The Issue: The White House’s response to three more objects found flying in United States airspace. According to the Biden White House, we have nothing to worry about regarding the Chinese spy balloon and three other flying “objects” (“Take me to your leader!” Feb. 14). The invasion of our airspace is just another minor blip that can be explained away by babbling White House Press Secretary Karine Jean-Pierre, double-speaking National Security Council flack John Kirby and confused NORAD/NORCOM commander Gen. Glen VanHerck. Talking points from these spokespeople have done very little to provide the American people with the feeling that our government is capable of protecting us. We need our president to publicly speak to us. We need our leader to give us information that will clarify what is happening in our skies. Biden must step up to honor his promise of “transparency.” Do it now. Alice Daly Mahopac Unfortunately, it has taken several potential spy balloons or “could-be” extraterrestrials for some people to question American leadership. For over two years, there has been a leadership void in our government, and perhaps this is the wake-up call the country needed to realize that. To think of Joe Biden as the leader of the United States, let alone the free world, is frightening. God help America. Jerry Chiappetta Monticello The White House has put a major damper on our intuitions to make other-worldly beings the culprit for the worldly flying objects that the United States shot down. “No indication of aliens or extraterrestrial activity,” Karine Jean-Pierre told reporters amid chuckles. There was a Chinese spy balloon in South Carolina and other UFOs in Michigan, Canada and Alaska. We don’t yet know what they were doing or what they mean, but we would’ve liked to think they’d be flown by green guys with big eyes. We wanted scales and antennae — not surveillance equipment and unknown debris. The White House and reality are the bane of our imagination. G.F. Fuller St. Louis, Mo. The human race has wondered about UFOs for centuries. When we finally, really see them — we shoot them down! Maybe they were looking for a safe landing place to bring us flowers for Valentines Day? So far the score is US: four, UFOs: zero. J.P. McGiffin Bedford, NH In his piece regarding the balloon fiasco (“GOP’s new biz probes may burst Balloony Joe’s bubble,” Feb. 12), Michael Goodwin asks: “Who’s in charge?” The apparent incompetence and disarray demonstrated by the White House and Pentagon made the US response to Chinese intrusion of our air space seem more like an Abbott and Costello “Who’s on first?” comedy routine. The only problem here is that this isn’t funny. We Baby Boomers grew up with the threat of nuclear annihilation. What if that had been an ICBM rather than a spy balloon? Rob Reeg Stony Point Kudos for Rich Lowry’s piece on the “security farce” (“WH from security farce to failure,” Feb. 14). Does Jean-Pierre think we still believe in the tooth fairy? Even the blind could see that the UFOs are coming from China, not Mars. And our borders have even been blown wide open. Now we’re far better off with visits from extraterrestrials than from invasive earthlings. Instead of fentanyl and human trafficking, they’re more likely to bring skills, good will and perhaps even a peace envoy. Why fear the “little green men,” if they have passports? James Evans Worcester, Mass. I don’t understand the military destroying the balloons with a rocket and then trying to salvage the pieces, sometimes from the oceans, to study them. For Pete’s sake: Shoot a few holes in the balloon and it will come down gently for analysis. John Piccolo Estero, Fla. Want to weigh in on today’s stories? Send your thoughts (along with your full name and city of residence) to letters@nypost.com. Letters are subject to editing for clarity, length, accuracy and style.