It was a special reunion on the red carpet Sunday for Lisa Ann Walter and Elaine Hendrix. The “Abbott Elementary” star brought her former co-star from 1998’s “The Parent Trap” as her date for the SAG Awards at the Fairmont Century Plaza in Los Angeles. The pair posed on the red carpet arm-in-arm in head-to-toe black. Walter, 59, wore a gown with a plunging bodice while Hendrix, 52, wore a three-piece tuxedo to accompany her pal. “Lisa Ann Walter asked me to show up as her date, so by golly, I showed up as her date,” Hendrix told said on the red carpet. “The best looking date in a tux I’ve ever had,” Walter added. “Abbott Elementary” is nominated for Outstanding Performance by an Ensemble in a Comedy Series. Walter plays Melissa Schemmenti in the hit show created by Quinta Brunson, who is nominated for Outstanding Performance by a Female Actor in a Comedy Series. Walter and Hendrix starred opposite Lindsay Lohan in the Disney remake, playing the twins’ nanny Chessy and their soon-to-be evil stepmother, Meredith Blake, respectively. The pair have stayed close over the years, Hendrix told Vanity Fair in 2019. “I like to organize dinners and brunches, and I have a lot of parties. And so does Lisa,” she said. “We’ll dress up [in] ’70s [clothes] and roller skate at my party, and we’ll dress up and reenact ‘Game of Thrones’ at one of Lisa’s parties.” Last August, Hendrix referred to Walter as her “bestie,” despite only sharing a few scenes together in the movie. “Happy Birthday to my ride or die. My life sister. My bestie. The one who always has my back and with whom I’m growing old. @lisaannwalter I sure as heck am glad you were born. What I’m the world would I have done if you hadn’t been? I shudder to think. I love you. Happy Birthday,” she wrote. It was hardly their first “Parent Trap” reunion, either. In 2021, Hendrix and Walter recreated a scene from the beloved film and posted it on social media. And it turns out, both women had a crush on their co-star Dennis Quaid while filming the movie, Walter told Vanity Fair. “He was one of my sexy dreamboat idols,” she said. “Dennis — I had to pretend I didn’t have a crush on him, and I really did. When I first got around him, I blushed all the time.”