PHOENIX — Some athletes are just good. Some are good and lucky. Marquez Valdes-Scantling? He’s both. The Chiefs’ 28-year-old receiver — likely their healthiest wideout for Super Bowl 2023 against the Eagles on Sunday at State Farm Stadium — came to Kansas City this season as a free agent to catch passes from Patrick Mahomes after catching them from Aaron Rodgers in Green Bay for the previous four years. You know what that is for an NFL receiver? An embarrassment of riches. Gluttony. The litany of receivers around the league playing for mediocre to poor quarterbacks look at Valdes-Scantling with quarterback envy. “MVS?’’ Chiefs running back Jerick McKinnon said Thursday when The Post asked him about Valdes-Scantling’s career fortune. “He’s spoiled.’’ So, too, is Chiefs receiver JuJu Smith-Schuster, who like Valdes-Scantling, signed with Kansas City as a free agent this year after catching passes from Ben Roethlisberger the previous five seasons in Pittsburgh. And so is Justin Watson, who also signed with Kansas City this year after playing in Tampa Bay and with Tom Brady the past two years. “Once you’ve ridden in the Cadillac, you don’t want to go back to what you used to drive in high school,’’ Watson told The Post on Thursday. “One thing about all three of us is that we were all free agents coming here, so when you know how good you had it with a Hall of Fame quarterback you want to go someplace else that has the quarterback play to match that. “The only guy that I know that can match what Tom Brady does, what Ben Roethlisberger does, what Aaron Rodgers does … is Pat Mahomes.’’ Valdes-Scantling conceded that when he entered free agency “it was going to be hard for me to go from Aaron to anybody else,’’ adding, “So, I had to make sure that the person (read: quarterback) I went to was just as good. I was able to get into a fortunate situation with Pat and it’s been working out.’’ Yes, you could say it’s worked out. Valdes-Scantling took over the AFC Championship as Mahomes’ top target two weeks ago — with Smith-Schuster nursing a knee injury, Kadarius Toney knocked out of the game with an ankle injury and Mecole Hardman out with a pelvis injury — catching six passes for 116 yards and a TD in the Chiefs’ tight 23-20 win over the Bengals. “Obviously, [Mahomes] was a big part of my decision [to sign], but being with a winning organization was a big portion of that because when I was in Green Bay, we’d been one of the better teams in the league in my four years there, making it to the NFC Championship a couple times,’’ Valdes-Scantling said. “Finally making it over that hump [into the Super Bowl] is something I’ve wanted to do. Year 1, we’re playing for a Super Bowl. That’s the best situation you could ask for. When I came here, this is what I came here to do.’’ Chiefs receivers coach Joe Bleymaier marveled at Valdes-Scantling’s luck. “He’s played with two of the best guys that have ever done it,’’ Bleymaier told The Post. “For me as his coach, he’s taught me a lot in terms of his past experiences with Aaron. A lot of his past experiences we’ve been able to draw on, because without having played with Pat before, he knows the type of things that Pat’s looking for because they are very similar to the type of things Aaron was looking for against certain coverages. “So, all those little nuances that take a ton of time to get on the same page with Pat, ‘Quez’ was able to fit right in, because he grew up with Aaron doing a lot of the same things. He’s made me a better coach just in terms of pointing out things that they were doing in Green Bay that I might have overlooked and realized, ‘Oh yeah, that makes a lot of sense.’ So, it’s been a great synergy to have him here.’’ Valdes-Scantling is a big play in waiting, having led the league in yards-per-catch in 2016 with a 20.9-yard average and owning a career average of 17.2 yards. Similar to Valdes-Scantling and the 39-year-old Rodgers, Smith-Schuster played with Roethlisberger in the latter part of Roethlisberger’s career. “The best part about this is we’re playing with Patrick in his prime,’’ Smith-Schuster said. “I had Ben toward the end of his career, but he was still a great player. I was blessed to have played with Ben and now I’m here with Pat.’’ Smith-Schuster’s favorite part about playing with Mahomes? “That I can be anywhere on the field and he can get me the ball,’’ he said. “A lot of times, quarterbacks have only a certain field vision to where they can throw. With him, it’s unlimited.’’