Ready to rock and roll…er skate? If you love the nostalgia of the roller rink or have just discovered the sport-slash-activity for the first time, this article is for you. Roller skating has always been popular, ebbing and flowing with time since it’s advent in the 1880s, through to it’s disco takeover in the United States in the 1970s. And now, in the 2020s with the help of social media like TikTok the sport is soaring yet again. Roller skating is one of those sports where you don’t need too much to get started — a pair of reliable skates, a helmet and some pads should suffice. For the former, picking the perfect pair of roller skates can be a bit of a challenge, but don’t worry, as we called in for some expert help. After discovering the Roll Moduls on TikTok, we chatted with their founder August Sharp about roller skating’s popularity — the account has more than 1.3 million followers — as well as tips and tricks on how to get started with a great pair of skates. From a performance art to a sport to a leisure activity, roller skating can really be whatever you want it to be. As seen in the viral video below, it can also be an arena to be creative and invent new ways to have fun and hone the craft. “Roller skating is a activity that can’t be taken away or shut down,” said Sharpe. “Roller skating builds your confidence and self esteem, that’s why it’s sustainable for all humans around the world to come together as one and create bonds. The appeal of roller skating is character, body movement and personality — just be you and be weird!” As proof to the above, when the world itself shut down during the pandemic, roller skating kept on keeping on, and rose to popularity on sites like TikTok, for which we can also thank Sharpe for contributing to. “During the pandemic, the world was glued to their phones and the media, so I took filming to the next level, to show the world that roller skating still lives,” said Sharpe. Everyone is a beginner at some point! Sharpe encourages all who want to skate to try it out, and the first step is getting yourself a pair of skates. Safety is the most important thing, and so Sharpe points out durability as a major factor, also adding that asking questions before you buy any skate is a good practice. “When looking for skates, look for durability and a good long boot. You want stability for your ankle and legs because it’s added weight, so you want to protect your ankle!” emphasized Sharpe. Aside from that, the golden rule is to keep it simple, even if fancy designs and sparkles look cool in the rink, they may also pose a safety hazard or even just look worn and worse overtime. “I feel skates should be simple — you can add designs and colors, of course, but personally I always avoid skates with added stones or small objects because eventually they can fall off and that’s not good for other skaters around you,” added Sharpe. Impala is a great brand for all levels, but we like this for beginners, too. Note the easy-to-use laces and the rubber toe stopper, not to mention the cute design. Be you on the boardwalk at the beach or in the roller rink, the Beach Bunny skates from Moxi Skate come highly recommended for all levels. The removable toe caps and adjustable toe-stop are also features to note for a fully customized and comfortable feel. You may know Riedell from figure skating, but did you know they also sell top-notch roller skates, too? Shop their selection for men and women on their Amazon storefront, with options for just about everyone. From Chicago to New York and everywhere in between, these roller skates are a great gift for the man in your life who likes adventure. The classic quad skates have great ankle support and are currently sold in a variety of sizes at Walmart. Get the kids to the rink, too! These skates are great for your growing children, as they feature adjustable straps across the foot and ankle, making sure they are secure at any size. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.