They worked hard for the money. A TikTok user has gone viral after revealing she was almost scammed by people using her bank’s phone number until she picked up on several red flags. Since being posted on Monday, the TikTok has gained nearly 2 million views. According to the user, she received a call from someone who identified themselves as a representative from the bank around 9 pm — which the user first identified as a red flag. “So they said that they had some fraudulent charges that they needed to verify if they were mine or not,” said the woman. “Of course, I am always suspicious but this person had my name and they asked me to confirm my address but they had had my address. I had not given them any information.” In a previous video, the user said she was able to find someone’s address without using social media. The user then says that the scammers said that they had charges from Best Buy and some in Florida to which she said that they were not hers. It was then the suspicious woman asked for the alleged rep’s name. “He gave me his ‘name’ and employee ID number and a confirmation number,” said the poster. “So it’s all sounding pretty legit so far.” Things took a turn when the scammer told her that he will send a second confirmation number within 24 hours. Suspicion was further mounted when the person on the other end of the phone asked what type of phone they were using. “Why would a bank need to know what kind of phone I had,” asked the poster who said she started playing dumb to avoid the question. In a last-ditch effort, the scammers attempted to wrestle the bank account number out of the woman who decided it was time to scam the scammers. “You know, I don’t have it I’m gonna have to call the bank tomorrow morning and figure it out,” lied the TikTok user. “I don’t know off the top of my head.” It was then the person says that the scammer got very insistent saying that scammers could still use the card and that it was still compromised. She later revealed that she called the bank the following morning just to make sure and it was told to her that there was no evidence of fraud. Several users jumped in with their own opinion. “I have gotten calls on my cell phone…… From my cell phone,” said one user. “First off I don’t answer phone calls. So I’m good lol,” joked a second person “I worked at a bank call center & when people would think I was scamming them I’d just say ok call the number on your card & have them transfer you,” chimed in a third person.