The BeyHive is looking for some money, honey. Beyoncé’s highly anticipated “Renaissance” world tour was announced earlier this week — and fans have been buzzing about getting their hands on the sought-after tickets. The megastar, 41, is setting out on her first stadium stretch in five years, since her “On The Run II Tour” with husband Jay-Z, to promote her chart-topping 2022 album “Renaissance.” She’ll hit parts of Europe and the UK first, before beginning the US leg at Philadelphia’s Lincoln Financial Field on July 12. Ticketmaster released a statement this week, claiming that in some cities, pre-sale registration for “Renaissance” tour tickets has exceeded “the number of available tickets by more than 800%.” Eager fans are already anticipating a jaw-dropping price tag to see Queen Bey live, with some taking extreme measures to obtain quick cash. One man named Jamaal Anderson has already raised $265 of his $300 goal on GoFundMe. “This is the only life experience I care about living before I die,” he wrote on the fundraiser page. “I will get those front row tickets either way but this way is safer than selling my kidney on the black market.” “All jokes aside just being in the building would be the most amazing thing ever,” he added. “So help a brother out if you can. Remember cents turn into dollars. Every little bit helps.” Ashley St. Hilaire, a fellow fundraiser, is seeking $2,000 — but had only gathered $60 in donations as of Saturday afternoon. In her online plea, she claims the funds will go to tickets, travel expenses and a show-worthy outfit. Other fundraisers include April Cousar, who has racked up $140 already, and Raheem Solomon, who’s netted $135. Avid Beyoncé fan Cierra Coleman says the 28-time Grammy winner is her “EVERYTHING,” and she’s hoping to collect enough money online to see the Queen for her 21st birthday. So far, she’s raked in $250 — half of her goal. Fans have fingers crossed they’ll score a ticket next week despite the high demand, as Swifties are still reeling from their own Ticketmaster turmoil late last year. When Taylor Swift’s tour passes went on sale through the ticketing giant, all hell broke loose — seats sold out in the pre-sale, scalpers preyed on desperate fans, and those waiting for the public sale were sorely left out. Resale prices for Swift’s concerts reached the thousands, and Beyoncé fans are now bracing themselves for impact — to their wallets, that is. Lawmakers also have eyes on Beyoncé ticket sales, but not because they’re vying for a seat. Following the Swift snafu, the Senate Judiciary Committee launched an investigation into Ticketmaster and its parent company, Live Nation, prompting Sen. Richard Blumenthal (D-Conn.) to call the concert ticket system “a monopolistic mess.” Now, the committee has issued a warning to Ticketmaster ahead of Beyoncé’s tour: “We’re watching.”