Très cheek. Andrea Ivanova — who has gained international attention for her record-breaking lips — has now set her sights on having the world’s largest cheekbones. “I don’t like boring ordinary appearances and I am a fan of huge shapes and eccentric beauties,”  the 25-year-old Bratz doll look-alike told Jam Press. The woman said that she has already spent over $1,900 on her latest cheekbone endeavor and she’s not done. The plastic surgery fanatic began her transformation into a living Barbie in 2018 when she first began to inject her lips. “I’ve had four hyaluronic acid injections in my cheekbones so far, but I will undergo two more within the week,” said Ivanova. “For the healing process, I need to avoid strong pressure on the face for up to three days afterward.” “My aim is to model and gain significant enlargement of them, but of course, I still want bigger lips, too,” continued the Bulgaria native. “I will continue with more injections in [both] to make them even bigger.” The plastic prodigy said that she will pay for the rest of her cheek-raising surgery with the money she earned by auctioning off “kisses for cash” on Instagram to the highest bidder. “For Christmas, I will have new procedures on my face. I will have new injections of hyaluronic acid in my lips, chin and cheekbones as a gift from me to myself for Christmas,” said Ivanova in a now-deleted post. “I will make my lips even bigger as well as continue to my new goal and for the biggest chin,” she continued. “I am planning a lot of new procedures on my face and a new breast augmentation with even bigger silicone implants.” Ivanova revealed that several clinics have refused to do the cheek procedure, claiming that if she received any more injections, she may die. The filler fanatic also claims she had breast augmentation surgery to take her from a 75C to a 75E bra size. According to Ivanova — who claims to have had over 43 procedures — she’s spent more than $18,000 to “perfect” herself. Her lip injections alone cost her over $9,000. Ivanova said that she has received her fair share of negative comments on her journey. “I don’t worry about people’s comments, as I have my own taste and views on beauty – I follow them strictly,” commented Ivanova. “Each person should satisfy themselves without fearing or worrying about the opinion of others because the meaning of life is to be happy.”