Apple’s Black History Month campaign is being slammed as “tone deaf,” especially in the wake of the fatal beating of Tyre Nichols last month. “Good morning to everyone except Apple, which pushed me this notification this morning,” TikToker Tamika Turner, who goes by @prettycritical on the app, said in a clip that has clocked 20,000 views since it was posted Monday. She showed a photo of her Apple Watch, which displayed a “Unity Challenge” message: “Let’s come together to honor Black history. Earn this Unity award by closing your Move Ring seven days in a row during February.” Closing your Move ring means meeting your fitness goals. “It’s unbelievable and unacceptable that, especially in the wake of Tyre Nichols’ murder, the only thing Apple has to say about honoring Black people and Black history is, ‘Use our product, maybe lose a little weight,'” Turner said in the video. “I mean, c’mon.” The Post has reached out to Apple for comment. Nichols, 29, died Jan. 10 following a vicious beating at the hands of Memphis police. His killing, during a traffic stop just yards from his mother’s home, has sparked nationwide protests. In the comments section of Turner’s viral clip, others criticized Apple’s campaign. “Yes! I thought this was so strange,” denounced one person. “I was flabbergasted when I got this. They also have the weirdest awards in general. Didn’t expect this when I got my watch,” someone else slammed. “No bc there’s so many other things they could’ve gone with their platform to support the black community + black creators,” chimed in another. “Tell me you have no Black Americans in your marketing dept.,” one user chided. “Lose weight to end racism was not an approach I thought I’d ever hear,” quipped someone else. “They are literally asking for labor to honor decendants [sic] of slavery,” another shocked user wrote. In addition to the fitness challenge, Apple is also highlighting the work and stories of people in the Black community. On Apple Music, the “For Us, By Us” playlist includes a curated selection of music that expresses “resilience and resistance.” The media giant’s Black Unity Collection includes a special-edition Apple Watch Black Unity Sport Loop, a new matching watch face and iPhone wallpaper. Apple also promises a new meditation dedicated to Black History Month led by Fitness+ trainer JoAnna Hardy, among other initiatives. When some TikTokers pointed out that Apple celebrated Black History Month in a similar way last year, Turner responded that the campaign is not “malicious,” but is “tone deaf and cringey.” The outrage comes just over a month after Apple was hit with a class-action lawsuit claiming the Apple Watch’s blood oximeter has a “racial bias” against individuals with darker skin tones.