Megyn Kelly blitzed NFL legend Tom Brady for  flaunting his tight end — and little else — after the future Hall of Fame quarterback took a selfie in his underwear. “Why did he [Tom Brady] post this on the internet?” Kelly railed during Tuesday’s broadcast of her SiriusXM podcast “The Megyn Kelly Show.” “This looks like something you’d yell at your teenage son for sending around to his girlfriend.” Brady, 45, just days removed from announcing his retirement from the league, posted the image to social media on Monday to promote his apparel company Brady. “Why is he posting pictures of himself with his little tiny underwear? … I don’t know,” an exasperated Kelly said. “But Tom Brady doesn’t need to promote underwear, he’s worth hundreds of millions of dollars.” Brady has a net worth estimated at nearly $300 million and has also signed a 10-year, $375 million contract with Fox Sports. Brady’s nearly naked bootleg was mocked by some of his gridiron pals. Tyreek Hill, the star wide receiver for the Miami Dolphins, joked that Brady was turning into his former Tampa Bay teammate Antonio Brown, the renegade wide receiver who famously stripped off his jersey during a game last season and ran off the field shirtless. “Tom done retired and turned into AB ,” Hill tweeted in reference to Brown. Longtime teammate Rob Gronkowski jabbed Brady for fumbling the way the former Patriots great posed in the photo. The selfie shows Brady sitting on a bed in brown briefs with his hand shielding his privates. “I don’t think he did it right … his hand is not in the right place,” Gronk told Entertainment Tonight. “He’s covering up a little bit. You’re not supposed to be covering up!” The 33-year-old Gronkowski quipped that Brady didn’t reveal what he was “supposed to be showing.” “You gotta show the package, Tom,” he joked. Gronkowski admitted he was “shocked” by the photo, which is out of character for Brady. “It’s uncharacteristic of him, for sure. But that’s what we love about Tom,” he added with a laugh. “When he throws a curveball, it’s always for the fun and it’s always great to see him doing that.” Brady finally hung up his cleats last week after 23 seasons. His final season was tumultuous both on and off the field. His celebrity marriage to supermodel Gisele Bündchen ended in divorce after 13 years. Brady’s team, the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, was ousted in the wild-card round of the NFC playoffs by the Dallas Cowboys — ending his quest for a record-setting eighth Super Bowl championship. Brady announced this week he will take a year off before beginning his broadcasting career with Fox in the fall of 2024.  