Viola Davis earned a Grammy — and the prestigious “EGOT” title at Sunday’s 2023 Grammy Awards. She scored the Grammy for Best Audio Book, Narration, and Storytelling Recording for narrating her memoir, “Finding Me.” “I don’t know if I expected it,” the 57-year-old actress said of her first Grammy nomination in an interview with the Recording Academy last week. “When I wrote the book, I was just trying to write a good book. That was the goal,” she added. “I wanted to be honest. I wanted to honor the people who were in my life and who were the subject of my story. And that was it.” What has followed, she said, “has been icing on the cake.” The book, published in April, follows the tribulations in her childhood that prefaced her impressive Hollywood triumphs. “The Woman King” actress is now one of 18 stars who have achieved EGOT fame by winning an Emmy, Grammy, Oscar and Tony. Last year, Jennifer Hudson joined the exclusive EGOT club after nabbing a Tony Award, making history alongside Rita Moreno, Mel Brooks, Audrey Hepburn, John Legend, Whoopi Goldberg and more. In November, Davis vowed that should she win the Grammy, she would wine and dine herself in celebration. “It is a surreal title to have,” she told Entertainment Tonight. “And I thought about it, and I thought to myself, ‘If I achieve that, I may take myself out to dinner.'” “And, you know, I don’t celebrate my wins,” she added. “But I’d celebrate that win.” Throughout her impressive career, Davis has won one Emmy (Outstanding Lead Actress in a Drama Series for “How to Get Away With Murder”); two Tonys (“Fences” and “King Hedley II”); and one Oscar (Best Actress in a Supporting Role for “Fences”). She’s earned four Oscar nominations, making her one of the most-nominated African American actresses. However, she failed to secure an Oscar nod for Best Actress this year for her role in “The Woman King,” despite the film garnering $6.85 million on opening night and earning acclaim from critics. The “How To Get Away With Murder” star secured her EGOT status Sunday, becoming the third black woman to achieve the honor. “It has been such a journey,” gushed the actress.