GLENDALE, Ariz. – The NFL season ends with the Super Bowl and now the offseason really begins. For the Jets, that starts with who they will land at quarterback. A source confirmed on Sunday that the Jets have had preliminary discussions with the Packers in case he becomes available via trade. The Jets have said publicly they are going to pursue a veteran quarterback and they have their eyes on Rodgers. The biggest question is whether Rodgers will want them if he decides that he wants to continue playing and wants to move on from Green Bay. We may get the answers to those questions shortly. Rodgers is going on his four-day “darkness retreat” starting on Monday. Last week on “The Pat McAfee Show,” Rodgers said he would contemplate his decision while on the retreat. “I’ve got a pretty cool opportunity to do a little self-reflection in some isolation,” Rodgers said. “And then after that I feel like I’ll be a lot closer to a final, final decision.” The 39-year-old quarterback has spent his entire career with the Packers. He is set to make $59.5 million this season and $49.25 million in 2024. The way the contract is structured, $58.3 million of his 2023 salary is an option bonus, which would lower the salary cap hit. Rodgers told McAfee he is willing to adjust his contract and he may have to in order to facilitate a trade. The NFL Network reported Sunday that the Packers would work with Rodgers on a trade if that is what he wants. The Jets just hired Nathaniel Hackett as their offensive coordinator. Hackett was Rodgers’ offensive coordinator in Green Bay from 2019-21 and the two have a close relationship. Rodgers has hinted that he would make a decision shortly after the Super Bowl but there is no deadline for a final call. The Jets won’t be able to wait around for Rodgers, though. They will need to move on quickly in order to land another quarterback. NFL Network reported on Sunday that Derek Carr has told the Raiders he will not waive his no-trade clause and wants to be released. That should happen in the next few days because $40 million of his salary becomes guaranteed Wednesday. The Raiders will release him before that happens and he will be free to sign immediately with another team. If the Jets want to sign 49ers quarterback Jimmy Garoppolo they will have to wait until March 15 when the new league year begins and he becomes a free agent. The Jets are in the market for a veteran quarterback after watching Zach Wilson bomb in his second season with the team. Wilson is expected to be on the roster this season, but in a backup role.