Overnight, the Phoenix Suns became a whole new team. On the morning of Feb. 9, the 30-26 squad acquired future NBA Hall of Famer Kevin Durant and forward T.J. Warren in a blockbuster trade with the Brooklyn Nets. In return, Monty Williams’ Suns gave up starting small forward Mikal Bridges, high-scoring reserve Cam Johnson, Jae Crowder as well as four, unprotected first-round picks in 2023, 2025, 2027 and 2029. Putting the now-injured Durant next to superstar Devin Booker, dominant center Deandre Ayton and team leader Chris Paul, gives Phoenix a legitimate chance to do something they’ve have never done: Win an NBA championship. While they’ve gotten close before in the Charles Barkley and Steve Nash eras, they’ve never gone all the way. That being said, the team will need all the help they can get from fans of the purple and orange especially in rematches of the 2021 NBA finals against the Milwaukee Bucks on Feb. 26 in Milwaukee and March 16 at home as well as contests against their rival Denver Nuggets on March 31 and April 6 at home. Best of all, tickets to see the Suns in the regular season are fairly affordable. At the time of publication, we found tickets going for as low as $15 before fees on Vivid Seats against Durant’s first team, the Oklahoma City Thunder. For those hoping to attend a home game at Phoenix’s Footprint Center, some tickets are available for as low as $52 before fees. Want to find the right game to cheer on Durant, CP3, Book and Ayton? Keep reading — we found the cheapest tickets available for all remaining Suns games. All prices are subject to fluctuation.  A complete calendar including all upcoming Phoenix Suns’ regular season home and away games including dates, opponents, venues and lowest ticket prices available can be found below. *All Suns home games at the Footprint center are in bold. (Note: The New York Post confirmed all above prices at the publication time. All prices are subject to fluctuation and include additional fees at checkout.) Vivid Seats is a verified secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand. They offer a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and your tickets will be delivered prior to the event.  In case you forgot, there’s another large sporting event in Arizona this February. On Feb. 12, the Philadelphia Eagles and Kansas City Chiefs will face off at Glendale, AZ’s State Farm Stadium. The game will feature a halftime performance from “Umbrella” singer Rihanna and a rendition of the National Anthem from “Tennessee Whiskey” crooner Chris Stapleton. Amazingly, last-minute ticket prices are dropping for the year’s biggest sporting event. When we reported on how much seats were going for on Jan. 30, the lowest price we could find was $4560 before fees. Now, with just a few days before the game, tickets can be scooped up for as low as $3184 before fees. It really does pay to wait. You can grab tickets here.  Although Kevin Durant is injured and will miss this year’s NBA All-Star game at Salt Lake City’s Vivint Smart Home Arena on Feb. 19, the contest will still feature many of the game’s biggest stars like all-time leading scorer LeBron James. Plus, there’s a dunk contest, skills challenge, celebrity game — basically, everything a basketball fan wants to see all rolled up into one weekend. If you want to snag tickets, it’s not too late either. You can buy tickets to All-Star weekend here.  The Suns, currently on a three-game winning streak, didn’t just take Kevin Durant from the Nets. They also beat Brooklyn 116-112 behind Ayton’s 35 points and 15 rebounds at the Barclays Center on Tuesday, Feb. 7. Want to read more about the high-scoring game? Check out the NY Post’s take — which includes quite a bit of detail surrounding Nets star’s Cam Thomas’ impressive 43-point night — here.  With so many exciting sports news stories dominating the headlines, it’s easy to lose sight of the other most exciting live events taking place this year. Yeah, we’re talking concerts. There are some real biggies you won’t want to miss this year either. Here are just five of our favorite tours you have to see when they come to a city near you in the next few months. • Bruce Springsteen and the E Street Band • Lil Wayne • SZA • Metallica • Janet Jackson Need more music options? Check out our list of the 52 biggest concert tours in 2023 here.