Starting center Mitchell Robinson returned to full contact practice on Wednesday, and the Knicks’ defensive backbone hasn’t been ruled out of the team’s first game out of the All-Star break, Friday night at Washington. “Good, he went through practice, so we’ll see how he feels [Thursday],” coach Tom Thibodeau said after the Knicks reassembled and worked out in Tarrytown. “He was cleared for contact. It’s his first day back, so we’ll see how he feels. But he’s got to go step by step. “There’s nothing you can do that’s going to replicate a game. This is the next step to be in practice and take contact, but it’s still not the intensity of a game.” The 24-year-old Robinson has been sidelined since he had surgery on his right thumb on Jan. 19, the day after he suffered a fracture in the first half of a loss to the Wizards at the Garden. The Knicks went 8-6 without the 7-foot center, with backup big men Jericho Sims and Isaiah Hartenstein sharing the minutes down low in his absence. Robinson, who signed a four-year contract extension worth $60 million last summer, is averaging 7.2 points and 8.9 rebounds over 38 games this season. His 1.8 blocked shots per game would rank him sixth in the NBA if he had enough appearances to qualify. He also boasts the best net rating among Knicks regulars: The team has outscored opponents by 8.2 points per 100 possessions when he is on the court. “It’s great to have him back. He’s an important part of the team. We want everyone healthy. We need everyone right now,” Thibodeau said. “It does [help] a lot,” point guard Jalen Brunson said of Robinson’s pending return. “It’s good to see him healthy, first and foremost. He brings a lot to the table. He’s been great for us down inside the paint, on both sides of the floor. “So when we can get a guy like that back, it definitely helps and I’m very excited to get him back.” Asked if he expects Robinson to be on a minutes-restriction initially once he’s back in the lineup, Thibodeau noted that the center has been able to maintain his conditioning while his hand recovered from surgery. “We’ll talk to the medical people. Whenever a player comes back you see where they are,” Thibodeau said. “If he can handle minutes, he’ll play. If he needs a break, he’ll get a break. So we’ll talk to him, talk to the medical people, see what everyone thinks. We like the depth that we have at that position.” Sims has started 14 straight games at center, with Hartenstein sticking with the familiarity of the second unit. But Sims could lose his rotation spot for now, just as guard Miles McBride hasn’t played in three straight games — all wins — since Josh Hart was acquired from Portland before the trade deadline. “Those guys have done a great job,” Thibodeau said of Sims and McBride. “It starts with practice and they practice great every day. It gives me confidence that they’re always going to be ready. Whenever they’ve been called upon they’ve played very well for us.” The Knicks (33-27) will enter their final 22 games of the regular season in the sixth playoff position in the Eastern Conference, a half-game ahead of the Heat and two behind the Nets for the No. 5 spot. “We’re excited to kind of get down this last stretch of games,” Brunson said. “I think we just gotta get back to being focused. We had a great break. Everyone looks rested. Everyone’s good to go, just gotta get refocused and ready to go. That’s all. “We can’t come out these next couple of games lackadaisical. We’ve got to hit the road running.”