Alex Cora didn’t exactly hide his sign-stealing ways – in fact, the alleged mastermind behind the Astros’ shocking 2017 scandal bragged about them to his new team. Members of the 2018 Red Sox would listen to their new manager – along with bullpen coach Craig Bjornson, another ex-Houston staffer – discuss their scheme “in a late-night setting” and “especially when they started drinking,” according to Evan Drellich’s new book, “Winning Fixes Everything: How Baseball’s Brightest Minds Created Sports’ Biggest Mess.” “We stole that [expletive] World Series,” Cora reportedly told his players, according to a Boston Herald transcript. The Red Sox manager, who was fired for his role in the scheme in 2019 and rehired less than a year later, allegedly came up with the scheme which involved cameras picking up catchers’ signs and relaying them to batters through banging on a trash can. Cora led Boston past the Dodgers in the World Series a season after helping the Astros do the same in 2017 as Houston’s bench coach. “We knew the Astros did (steal signs) because Alex Cora told us,” an unnamed Red Sox player told Drellich. “He said that when they played the Dodgers, ‘We already knew what everybody was throwing before we even got on base. We didn’t have to get on base.’ And everybody was like, ‘What the hell does that mean?’” The Red Sox were no strangers to cheating themselves, however, having been caught using an Apple Watch to steal signs under John Farrell in 2017. Replay coordinator J.T. Watkins was also suspended for a year ahead of the 2020 season for relaying opposing teams’ signs from the video room in 2018. Despite the ban, Watkins “was said to have some money come his way, even though he was supposed to be on an unpaid suspension.” “We know what he did for us, so it’s on us to take care of him,” players said, per Drellich’s reporting. When the Red Sox brought Cora back in Nov. 2020, he showed awareness of what his baseball legacy would entail. “I want to make sure everybody knows that this situation is part of who I am for the rest of my career,” he said at his re-introductory press conference. “As a man, I have to deal with it. I don’t want people to make it seem like it’s a great comeback story.” The book also detailed a tumultuous relationship between Cora and then-Astros manager A.J. Hinch that included screaming matches in Hinch’s office. Hinch would also be suspended for his role in the Houston cheating ring, though he too eventually found his way back to an MLB dugout as manager of the Tigers.