For those that know Taylor Swift fans “All Too Well,” you know that Eras Tour ticket holders will have “Enchanted” and “Bejeweled” outfits for the upcoming shows. The Eras Tour begins on March 17, starting in Glendale, Arizona. Then, Swifties can be found all over the nation, with shows in Nevada, Texas, Nashville, Philadelphia, Minneapolis, Seattle, California and more, culminating in an Inglewood, CA show on August 9. In addition to being a crazy-long stadium tour, the Eras Tour is unique in that songs from every Taylor Swift album will be played, inspiring fans to dress up to match their favorite albums — Taylor’s Version, of course. In honor of the biggest Swiftie event yet, find your Taylor-spiration below, with outfit ideas for every album and to fit every fan. Use the jump links below to skip to your favorite track, or read the whole discography. Bring it all the way back to the beginning with a white dress that evokes the fresh and new Taylor from the self-titled album cover. Make it complete with bouncy curls and the accessories below. OG Taylor was all about that country lifestyle. Add these cowboy boot hoops to any outfit to help bring out the inner country girl in all of us Swifties. Add a few of these butterfly hairclips and you will look just like the Taylor Swift album cover, or use them for almost any of the other eras down below — looking at you “Fearless” or “Lover.” If any other color defines debut era than white, it’s light blue. The length of this dress is perfect to show off your cowboy boots and dance all night long. I don’t know how it gets better than this dress, which is dripping in sequins and fits the color scheme of “Fearless” perfectly. So we all know one of the top songs on this album is “You Belong With Me,” right? Grab this shirt and some sharpies, and then pair with these glasses and you are good to go. You can also go the “Fearless” tour route and wear a black and silver fringe dress, a contrast to the gold dress from above. Speak now if you want this dress, as it may not last long while fans are looking for a Taylor Swift outfit. This romantic purple dress is almost identical to the “Speak Now” album cover, strapless neckline and flowing fabric included. This is another take on the flowy purple tones of the “Speak Now” cover, in a shorter silhouette with bell sleeves, perfect for dancing the night away to T-Swift jams old and new. Maybe you’d rather have your “Speak Now” look evoke the tour that followed the album. In that case, you’ll want to be dripping in gold sequins and fringe. Love “Red (Taylor’s Version)” the most? Pair this hat with a light brown jacket or top for an unmistakable look. Inspired by an iconic Red-era Taylor look, grab this T-shirt and pair it with your favorite black shorts, a floppy black hat, and red heart-shaped sunglasses. The next three items all pair together for the ultimate “Red” concert look, that is also comfortable for rocking out at a stadium. The leather shorts are from Abercrombie and come in size-inclusive silhouettes from the Curve Love line. Next, tuck in this white button down into the leather shorts from above and you have the perfect yet simple Swift outfit — just how she likes to dress herself. Last, add this black cap and you have the “Red” outfit of Taylor’s “Wildest Dreams” — see what we did there? Bonus points, as the hat has a bright red lining underneath for a pop of the singer’s signature color. Taylor’s outfit at the 2016 Grammys, where she took home Album of the Year for “1989,” is among her most memorable ever. You can start recreating it here, with this orange bandeau top. Finish the Grammys look with this hot pink skirt from Revolve. It’s a little shorter and has less of a train than Taylor’s did, but hey, you plan on dancing all night, right? An obvious choice for a 1989-era look is the sweatshirt Taylor is wearing on the album cover, tied together with one of Taylor’s favorite red lipsticks, MAC’s Ruby Woo. “Shake it off” with this skirt, so you can replicate one of Taylor’s 1989 World Tour outfits. Pair it with a black sequined crop top for the full look. Read all about it! These pants are straight from the “Reputation” album cover, with newsprint in black and white and read all over. Anything snake-related is perfect for the “Reputation” album, especially when it is as sexy as this bodysuit. The sheer Thistle and Spire suit can be found at Revolve, with a stretchy mesh construction in sizes XS through Large. Embrace the dark with this mysterious “Reputation” outfit. It comes in many sizes to fit most body types and can be layered over your favorite bodysuit or dress for the full, fierce fit. No matter what your Rep look is, it won’t be complete without this snake ring. In black, of course. The “Lover” era’s signature details are bright colors and sparkly everything. This matching set of shorts and a matching jacket embody the spirit of “Lover” perfectly. Taylor’s look at the 2019 iHeart Radio Music Awards is peak-“Lover,” and we found a plus size option that’s a near perfect match covered in iridescent sequins. Maybe “Lover” is your favorite era, but sequins aren’t really your thing. This mini dress from Revolve still fits the theme perfectly, matching the pink, blue, and yellow sky from the background of the album cover. Since the actual “Folklore” sweater is sold out, you can always make your own! Get this basic sweater from Shein and then hit up the craft store for star appliqués to sew or iron on the sleeves. Visually, “Folklore” evokes cottagecore imagery. This dress features a floral corset and a flowy crepe skirt — perfect for Betty’s party. The “Evermore” album cover features Taylor in a similarly colored flannel coat. If you’re going for an oversized look with this, size up one or two sizes. Is “Willow” your favorite song from “Evermore?” Recreate Taylor’s outfit from the music video with a mini-dress twist. For the full look, pair it with a lace and pearl headband. Best believe we’re still “Bejeweled” in this corset top. Pair it with your favorite high waisted black shorts to recreate Taylor’s look from the music video. A hallmark of the “Midnights” era is navy blue and stars, inspired by her VMA afterparty look that she debuted right after the album announcement. This dress comes in straight and plus sizes. This dress is the perfect crossover of “Midnights” navy blue and the “Bejeweled” vibes of the era. It looks great with a long sleeve shirt under it, but also works perfectly on its own. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.