In their 1848 Communist Manifesto, Karl Marx and Friedrich Engels famously stated communists seek to “rescue education from the influence of the ruling class” by changing the type of social intervention that informs instruction — later to be known as “re-education.” Likewise, the revolutionary Black Lives Matter movement, co-founded by self-described radical organizers and trained Marxists, has given rise to a Black Lives Matter at School coalition whose activists seek to alter public-school curricula under the guise of promoting “racial justice in education.” This week’s national BLMAS “Week of Action” aims to recruit educators, students, families and community members to join the mission of re-educating American kids, inviting local activism — and New York City has a particularly active BLMAS chapter. But though the coalition says its goal is to transform US classrooms into “incubators for inclusivity, equity, and justice,” a glance at the curriculum resources it provides teachers gratis makes clear some instead degrade, discriminate and defame certain groups of people as a means of elevating others. A prime example: the offerings in the “Black+Palestinian Solidarity” section of BLMAS’ Curriculum Resource Guide 2.0. They demonize Zionists and supporters of Israel with anti-Israel propaganda and anti-Jewish tropes, encouraging students to become boycott, divestment and sanctions activists against the Jewish state. Examples of its resources include: These materials reflect BLM’s long affiliation with the anti-Zionist and anti-Semitic BDS movement. Many of these resources were contributed by Brian Ford, a teacher, anti-Zionist propagandist, BDS supporter and Democratic Socialists of America activist. With BLMAS’ open channel allowing anyone to post resources for the curriculum, there is little doubt similarly motivated activists will continue to use it as a platform for agitprop and hate rhetoric. New York City’s BLMAS chapter’s website offers additional resources to develop a curriculum based on BLM’s ideology and mission. It advances its agenda through local councils governed by the city Department of Education. Each school district has its own Community Education Council composed of elected volunteer parents and community leaders tasked with “promoting student achievement, advising and commenting on educational policies, and providing input to the chancellor and the Panel for Educational Policy.” BLMAS is encouraging these councils to distribute its materials to classrooms during its Week of Action. Concerned parents can run in the upcoming elections for their district’s CEC and provide oversight over the re-education of their children. (The application period closes Feb. 13.) Local school boards, CECs, educators and parents, meanwhile, should be on the lookout for curricula that politically indoctrinate children with defamatory content. Such resources are filled with unjust accusations that promote hatred and exclusion — a far cry from inclusion, justice and equity for all. Ricki Hollander is a senior research analyst for the Committee for Accuracy in Middle East Reporting and Analysis.