Sunday’s Super Bowl 2022 isn’t just about the Eagles vs. the Chiefs — it’s also about the day’s buzziest commercials (and Rihanna’s halftime show, of course). Paul Rudd, Kevin Hart, Serena Williams, Jack Harlow and Sean “Diddy” Combs are just a few of the major stars who will be lighting up the screen between plays. Also watch out for ads that revive characters from “Clueless” and “Breaking Bad.” Walter White might have died on that show, but he’s been brought back to life for Popcorners. The game airs beginning at 6 p.m. Sunday, Feb. 12, on Fox with the kickoff set for 6:30 — and The Post has the scoop on all the night’s big commercials. The following ads will run this quarter: Alicia Silverstone reprises her famous role as Cher Horowitz — alongside Elisa Donovan as frenemy Amber — from the 1995 movie “Clueless” in this 30-second spot for the shopping platform. Comedian Kevin Hart is unsure how he’ll bet on the big game, in this spot for the sports betting platform. Look for cameos from Tony Hawk and Ludacris. Tennis superstar Serena Williams headlines the first-ever Super Bowl ad for the cognac company, with a campaign, “Inch by Inch,” emphasizing teamwork. The financial services brand brings back its talking baby mascot. The following ads will run this quarter: This 30-second ad stars actress Anna Faris as Eve in the garden of Eden — and she’s very excited to discover avocados. Rapper Jack Harlow is enthusiastic about playing the triangle while Missy Elliott is skeptical. Comedian Danny McBride promotes the Downy Unstoppables brand as “Downy McBride.” Maya Rudolph replaces M&M’s longtime spokescandies, playing the “Chief of Fun.” Paul Rudd’s Ant-Man sips on a Heineken 0.0., in the brand’s first ad for its non-alcoholic beer. The manufacturer returns for its tenth year, with a spot titled “We All Win.” The ride-share company does a cross-over spot with Sean “Diddy” Combs that also highlights many of his other businesses and brands, including his R&B label Love Records, Ciroc Vodka, Ciroc VS Brandy and DeLeon Tequila. Pop star Meghan Trainor runs into the problem of getting her hand stuck in a Pringles container. After sitting out the game for three decades — because rival Anheuser-Busch InBev had Super Bowl exclusivity — the beer returns with an ad for Miller Lite and Coors Light. Will Ferrell navigates his way through several Netflix series (including “Bridgerton” and “Stranger Things”) with GM electric vehicles. The software company highlights how people are free to do more fun activities when they hand off their taxes to an expert. The following ads will run this quarter: The snack brand has a “Breaking Bad”-themed spot called “Breaking Good” with Aaron Paul reprising his role as Jesse and Bryan Cranson back as Walter White. It’s even directed by the show’s creator, Vince Gilligan, and features original props such as the RV. Dave Grohl stars in this 30-second spot for the whiskey brand. The sportsbook company makes its Super Bowl debut this year, in a spot featuring retired NFL player Rob Gronkowski. The mayonnaise brand has a spot for its “Make Taste, Not Waste” campaign, starring Jon Hamm and Brie Larson. After Planters killed off its 104-year-old mascot Mr. Peanut in 2020, he’s back. This spot also features comedian Jeff Ross as “Roastmaster General.” In its big-game debut, the business software brand brings in a slew of classic rockers, including Billy Idol, Joan Jett and Ozzy Osbourne, complaining that office employees should not call each other “rock stars.” The following ads will run this quarter: This 30-second commercial for the online travel company stars Melissa McCarthy living the high life and getting a foot massage. Her husband and frequent co-star, Ben Falcone, makes a cameo. Snoop Dogg stars in the spot “All Walks of Life,” in which the rapper heads to the Oval Office wearing the shoe brand’s Sketchers Hands Free Slip-Ins. Celtics legend Kevin Garnett stars in this spot called “A Brighter Boston.” It advertises a new launch of Sam Adams’ flagship Boston Lager beer by flipping the script on typical “Boston” tropes — even showing Boston and New York sports rivals sharing friendly hugs. Comedy giants Steve Martin and Ben Stiller star in this spot for Pepsi Zero Sugar, where they mock each other and the buzzy concept of “nepo babies.” Miles Teller and his wife, Keleigh Teller, star in this spot called “Hold.” While Keleigh is stuck with hold music on a phone call, Miles dances around and drinks a Bud Light. Sarah McLachlan’s classic sad song “Angel” will play during this otherwise humorous spot. The Canadian singer also appears alongside a wolf in a nod to her infamously heartstrings-tugging commercials about preventing animal cruelty. This star-studded clip features Serena Williams, Brian Cox, Tony Romo, Alex Morgan, Jimmy Butler, Canelo Alvarez and Nneka Ogqumike. The beer giant’s commercial stars Kevin Bacon, in a play on the “six degrees of Kevin Bacon” game. Sylverster Stallone and his family have a new reality series premiering this spring on Paramount+, and the show gets a spot in the big game. In it, Sylvester and his daughters — Sophia, Sistine and Scarlet — climb a mountain. The South Korean car company returns to the Super Bowl for the fourteenth time with a commercial that highlights its 2023 Telluride X-Pro. The streaming service delivers a spot, titled “Bleachers,” that high school sweethearts trying to find alone time by a set of bleachers and another called “Gardener,” in which a woman who is gardening is interrupted by a sound. Warner Bros Discovery will return to the big game for the first time in 17 years, with a commercial for the superhero DC movie starring scandal-plagued actor Ezra Miller.