On the eve of spring training, the Mets are flexing their financial might again to be part of Super Bowl LVII. The franchise bought a 30-second ad that will reach one-third of the people in the tristate area and run before kickoff and again during the first half of the Super Bowl between the Eagles and Chiefs on Sunday. The Mets paid around $1 million for the ad, a source with knowledge of the deal told The Post’s Andrew Marchand, with additional placements bringing the total value of the buy to $1.5 million. The add will also air in other places after the game. The Super Bowl spot comes near the end of an offseason in which Mets owner Steve Cohen spent nearly half a billion dollars on free-agent deals — including signing Justin Verlander and Kodai Senga and re-signing Brandon Nimmo and Edwin Diaz — which has brought the club’s 2023 luxury-tax payroll to roughly $370 million. The Mets are set to have the highest payroll in MLB history, by far. The Mets teased the ad on social media at the end of January, tweeting, “Something Amazin’ awaits!” with the date of the Super Bowl and a 30-second video of Mr. Met cleaning the team’s ticket office. It also included a link to a page on their website that was dubbed “Big Game Offer,” indicating that the ad would be intertwined with a ticket promotion for the upcoming season. That was seemingly confirmed on Thursday, when the Mets tweeted out what appears to be the full 30-second ad — which will first air during the 45 minutes before kickoff (set for 6:30 p.m. ET Sunday). The ad starts with Nimmo running through the Mets’ ticket office to answer a phone, yelling: “I got it, I got it, I got it, I got it!” That’s followed by Francisco Lindor sitting at another desk with a headset on, telling a customer, “Section 139? Yeah, you can see my hair from there.” Senga then makes an appearance through a video phone call, telling Tomas Nido: “My ghost fork is just a pitch. It’s not a real ghost,” which Nido relays to a customer on the phone. After a cameo by Mr. Met, while the messages “We wanna hear you,” and “Amazin’ seats await” show up on the screen, Diaz closes out the ad by confirming another customer’s ticket purchase over the phone. The Mets’ busy offseason has already resulted in a boost in ticket sales — even for the deals they did not ultimately make. The day the club came to an agreement with Carlos Correa on a 12-year, $315 million contract — which ultimately fell apart because of an issue with the star shortstop’s physical — the Mets sold $1 million worth of single-game tickets, The Post’s Jon Heyman previously reported. Even though Correa did not end up in Queens, the Mets’ spending largely dominated the hot stove talk this offseason, which was the third under Cohen’s ownership. Mets pitchers and catchers are set to have their first spring training workout in Port St. Lucie, Fla., on Wednesday.