Tom Brady’s recent winter getaway included a brief science experiment, courtesy of his 10-year-old daughter. The newly retired NFL quarterback, 45, captured the unique moment Thursday in his Instagram stories that featured daughter Vivian — whom he shares with his ex-wife, Gisele Bündchen — tossing a cup of what appeared to be steaming water into the frigid outdoors to see how quickly it could transform into ice. “Viv, what do we got?” Brady asked, to which Vivian replied, “This will turn into ice when I throw it up in the air.” Though Brady responded, “I don’t believe it,” the results stunned him nonetheless. “Science is fun,” the seven-time Super Bowl champion captioned a second clip of Vivian in action. It’s been a fun-filled few days for Brady, who has been savoring his time away with his family, including sons Jack, 15, and Benjamin, 13. Earlier this week, Brady supported Benjamin, whom he co-parents with Bündchen, 42, as he raced down a snowy hill in a sled. The former Buccaneers quarterback also posted a selfie with Jack, his first-born son with ex-girlfriend Bridget Moynahan. Brady officially announced his NFL retirement this month after 23 seasons, telling fans in an emotional Instagram video that it’s “for good” this time. “I know the process was a pretty big deal last time. So when I woke up this morning, I figured I’d just press record and let you guys know first,” said Brady, referencing his short-lived retirement in 2022. Brady initially returned to the NFL last March after 40 days away. He rejoined the Buccaneers and reached the wild-card round of the playoffs in January. Though Brady and the Buccaneers celebrated a postseason berth, the 2022 season wasn’t without challenges, however, as he and Bündchen finalized their divorce in October after 13 years of marriage. Both Brady and Bündchen are focusing on their futures, which include new professional endeavors. Brady will slide into Fox Sports’ top NFL booth in the fall of 2024 as the network’s leady analyst. As for Bündchen, she’s the latest cover star of Vogue Italia.