President Biden plans to visit Poland later this month to mark the one-year anniversary of Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, according to a report. The 80-year-old president is expected to make the trip to the Nato ally near the end of February, according to NBC News. But sources cautioned the news outlet that the trip hasn’t been finalized and plans could change. It is unknown if the president will make any additional stops on the expected trip. Poland shares a roughly 330-mile-long border with Ukraine. Several European leaders have used the Ukraine-Poland border as the point of entry for travel into the besieged nation, embarking on long train rides to the capital of Kyiv to meet with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky. Biden has yet to visit the war-torn country. Last month, NBC reported that the White House was mulling ways Biden might mark the anniversary of the conflict that has killed thousands of Ukrainian civilians and displaced millions more. In January, Biden agreed to send the Ukrainian military 31 US Abrams tanks, a move which the administration had previously opposed. Over the weekend, the Polish president’s foreign policy adviser said that the government was readying for an upcoming visit by the US commander-in-chief. “We already know for sure that President Joe Biden will respond positively to President Duda’s invitation and will come to Poland,” Marcin Przydacz said on Polish TV, according to Reuters. “We have agreed with the American side that we will announce the date of this visit in due course, but I can assure that it will be sooner rather than later,” he added. The report on Biden’s potential travel plans comes as Vice President Kamala Harris’ office confirmed on Monday that she will make a February trip to Germany on the eve of the Ukraine war’s milestone. “Vice President Kamala Harris will travel to Munich, Germany February 16-18 to attend the 2023 Munich Security Conference,” Harris’ press secretary Kirsten Allen said in a statement. “The Vice President’s engagements in Munich will demonstrate Transatlantic unity and resolve; U.S. global leadership; and our enduring commitment to support Ukraine. In addition to delivering a speech as part of the conference, the Vice President will meet with foreign leaders and continue our intensive diplomatic engagement with allies and partners regarding the war in Ukraine as well as other regional and global issues,” the statement continued.