Our Father, who art in heaven, hallowed be thy matchmaking game. According to Khloé Kardashian, she’s still single — but that won’t stop her from praying for an imaginary man. When replying to a fan who asked her via Twitter whether she had a boyfriend on Monday, the Good American founder said she just simply doesn’t have the “time” for any man — but he’s in her prayers. “Who has time for a man lol I have a 6 month old baby and True and I are sickly codependent on one another,” she wrote. “Ha! I secretly love it. No but for real…. No man right now…. He’s in my prayers too ha!” Her statement comes amid rumors that she’s back with ex-Tristan Thompson again. Earlier this month, she shared a series of cryptic quotes about love and loss. The reality star has been supporting Thompson through the death of his mother, Andrea, who tragically died of a heart attack in early January. Kardashian rushed to be by his side after the news broke. The couple shares two children together: True Thompson, 4, and a son whom they welcomed via surrogacy last August. In an emotional Instagram post last month, the former “Revenge Body” executive producer penned a tribute to Thompson’s mom, with whom she was quite close. “Life can be brutally unfair at times and This has been one of the toughest times in so many of our lives,” Kardashian wrote in the caption, accompanied by a carousel of photos alongside Thompson’s mom. “But at the same time, I feel blessed that I am lucky to have had someone that makes saying goodbye so incredibly difficult.” The post continued: “I know you are with our Lord and Savior. I know you are rejoicing up there. Dancing and singing and probably yelling ‘who does that!!’ because we are crying at your loss. At the same time, I know you never wanted to leave your boys. They are your entire world.” Kardashian and Thompson have had an on-and-off relationship through the years but called it quits for good after he knocked up trainer Maralee Nichols, who gave birth to a son just one month after he and Khloé had conceived their second child via surrogate. The star was previously married to NBA player Lamar Odom from 2009 to 2016. There reportedly will be a third season of the family’s hit Hulu reality show “The Kardashians.” No release date has been announced.         