These Boy Scouts feel dishonored in a fight over the rights to a storied cabin once used by a young JFK. The Bronxville Scout Committee and Westchester county are locked in a legal battle over who really owns the cabin, which is located in an aptly named park, Scout Field. The county contends the cabin has been its property since 1925 and that the scouts have been discourteous — doing “unapproved” work at the site, including putting down “excessive quantities of wood chips.” “Right now we’re currently under an order of eviction by the county,” said Joseph Stineman, president emeritus of the Bronxville Scout Committee, the non-profit that manages the cabin. A state Supreme Court justice in Westchester recently rejected the group’s bid for an injunction to stop its “ejection” from the cabin. The committee, which is separate from the beleaguered Boys Scouts of America, intends to appeal. The Boy Scout cabin has been on the site next to the Bronx River Parkway in Yonkers — just over the border from Bronxville — since about 1919, when the scouts were given a permit to build it there by the commission in charge of amassing land for the new parkway. After the Kennedy family moved to Bronxville in 1927, the future president joined Troop 2, which is among those that have used the cabin for decades. Kennedy was the first president to have been a Boy Scout. The building is now used regularly by some 300 scouts for meetings during the week and rented out to the community on weekends. The county has accused the scout group of not being transparent with its finances. The scouts get up to $700 a night for the rentals but say they just cover their expenses to operate the cabin with the revenue. “The thing essentially runs at break even. The idea that anyone’s making money off of this is ludicrous,” said Rob Deichert, a local scout leader. The county says that in 1925 it took ownership by a statute of all land given to the parkway commission and that the transfer included the cabin. The park includes baseball fields and walking paths. Stineman and Deichert conceded the county may own the land, but has no claim to the cabin. The group contends in legal papers the county has paid nothing toward the cabin’s maintenance or repairs — including rebuilding it after a 1988 fire. The two sides didn’t always have an adversarial relationship. The Westchester County Legislature, in a 1989 proclamation, congratulated the Bronxville Scout Committee for restoring the cabin and for keeping up the Boy Scout program. But county officials stepped forward in June 2020 with accusations of unapproved construction work, including erecting signs that said “private property,” legal papers said. County Executive George Latimer — who has accused the scouts of “unwarranted entitlement” — said there was no record of the Boy Scouts owning the cabin and that the county could be held liable if something were to go wrong in the building. He said the county wanted to run the facility as part of a Westchester-wide park improvement plan and would let the scouts use it at no cost, but the scout committee had been uncooperative. “They’re frankly arrogant and surly about it. They assert they own it,” Latimer said. Stineman said his group would not agree to sign a revocable license with the county to use the cabin and took issue with being called arrogant. “I was on both conference calls with the deputy county executive and have never been arrogant in my life,” he said. “I live by ‘a scout is always courteous.'”