Remember picking up roadmaps at the gas station and keeping a stash in the glove compartment? Those days are behind us, thanks to all the ways to get GPS in our cars. Some vehicles come with the software, but you can always add a device even if yours doesn’t. Or you can use your phone. The nice thing about having a portable GPS is that it can do much more than get you where you need to go. You can explore restaurants, find rest stops and check the traffic. Or you can see the world from the comfort of home. What to do if you have a bad signal? Your fancy GPS won’t work. Before you reach for the glove compartment, we’ll show you a trick that will keep you on your path even when you have no cell service. If you know you’re heading into an area with poor signal or long stretches of lonely roads, you can download an area map ahead of time. Think national parks or mountainous regions. Even an overcast sky can mess with your GPS. Luckily, you can download a map to use offline with Google Maps. Do this before you embark on your journey, and you’ll still get guidance, even if the service is spotty or nonexistent. After downloading an area, use the Google Maps app like you normally would. If your internet connection is slow or absent, your offline map will guide you to your destination. Like an iPhone, after downloading an area on Android, use the Google Maps app like you normally would. If your internet connection is slow or absent, your offline map will guide you to your destination. Apple Maps doesn’t give you the option to download a map. It does, however, cache your destination and save the route until you get there. If you have bad service along the way, you can still use Apple Maps, though you won’t be able to add a pitstop or see traffic. There’s a significant problem here. With any map app, you’ll need cellular service to set up a route. But what happens if your destination doesn’t have a signal? Let’s say you drive to a national park. If you downloaded the map ahead of time, as you can with Google Maps, you could use it to find your way back. While Apple Maps can get you to the park without a signal, you will not be able to use it to get back. Perhaps you should keep some maps in the car just in case.