It wasn’t a blockbuster trade. It didn’t land the Knicks an All-Star nor did it require team president Leon Rose to make a major dent into his stockpile of draft picks. No, the Knicks’ acquisition of Josh Hart wasn’t a monster move that set Twitter ablaze. It was, however, exactly what was needed for Tom Thibodeau’s team. Hart is a hard-nosed, defensive-minded wing who improves the Knicks’ depth — he feels like the kind of team-first guy Thibodeau would create in a lab — plus he is very close to star point guard Jalen Brunson, having played with him at Villanova, and didn’t cost very much. The Knicks, according to reports, sent little-used wing Cam Reddish and non-contributors Ryan Arcidiacono and Svi Mykhailiuk to the Trail Blazers along with a 2023 first-round pick that is lottery-protected. If the Knicks finish in the lottery, they keep the pick and it becomes four second-rounders in the future. Even if they lose the pick, they still own 10 first-rounders over the next seven years. But adding Hart gives the Knicks a better shot to avoid the lottery and reach the playoffs for the second time in three years. Most importantly, it is a sign that the front office believes in this team, which deserved reinforcements. They had proven worthy of further investments. They are half a game behind the Heat for the coveted sixth seed in the Eastern Conference, and have shown all season the promise, potential and fight that warrants action. In Hart, on the eve of the trade deadline, Rose may have found this year’s version of Derrick Rose. Two years ago, Leon Rose’s acquisition of the former MVP in a trade with the Pistons spurred the Knicks to a fourth-place finish in the East and one of their best regular seasons in the past two decades. Circumstances were obviously different. The Knicks were just 25 games into the shortened COVID-19 season then, a middling 11-14. It only cost them disappointing guard Dennis Smith Jr and a second-round pick. Rose didn’t have a role with the rebuilding Pistons and became a pivotal part of the Knicks, averaging 14.9 points and 4.2 assists in 35 games in his third go-around with Thibodeau. Nobody could’ve anticipated at the time the impact he would have and that the Knicks would take off like they did. This season, there was even more of a reason to make a move than there was two years ago. This team has proven it can beat anyone, knocking off the NBA-best Celtics, Cavaliers and 76ers in recent weeks. The Knicks rank ninth in the NBA in offensive rating and 10th in net rating. Of their 26 losses, 15 have come by single digits, and 15 of their 30 wins have come by double figures. An argument can be made that the Knicks should be better than four games over .500. It was a team crying out for improved depth, and they certainly got some with Hart, who was third on the Trail Blazers in net rating at plus-3.3 and was averaging 9.5 points, 8.2 rebounds and 3.9 assists in 33.4 minutes per game. He was shooting a career-worst 30.4 percent from 3-point range on a career-low 2.2 attempts per game. For a franchise that has done so little winning the last 20 years, winning just one playoff round, an upgrade wasn’t an unreasonable expectation when you consider where this team is in the standings. On a number of occasions this season, it looked as if the Knicks didn’t have quite enough and a long stretch of losing was ahead. They have answered the bell each time. In this current stretch during which they are facing eight winning teams in 12 games, they are 5-3. You see it all the time in baseball around the trade deadline, when a move doesn’t just improve the on-field product, it fosters confidence in the clubhouse. A trade sends a message to the players that the higher-ups believe in them. All you had to do was watch Brunson’s reaction, caught on video Wednesday night after his jersey was retired by Villanova, when he found out about the trade. He looked like a kid on Christmas morning, celebrating the news. Brunson and Hart are close, which was part of his exuberant reaction. But he also knew first-hand what kind of player the Knicks had just acquired. Leon Rose needed to upgrade the roster, and his best player certainly seemed to think he did. The Knicks aren’t as good as the teams in the upper echelon of the Eastern Conference. Nobody would disagree. But they clearly can compete with anyone. Anyone disagreeing with that is ignoring the past two-plus months of this chaotic season. They are 8-5 in their past 13 games against teams over .500. That includes two wins over the fourth-place Cavaliers, a win in Boston over the dominant Celtics and a recent victory minus RJ Barrett over the red-hot 76ers. Of those five losses, two were in overtime and each was by seven points or fewer. Now, it should be noted that their overall record against winning teams — 11-15 — isn’t all that impressive. But that 8-5 mark dates back to Dec. 4, when Thibodeau went to a more youthful nine-man rotation The Knicks have been a different team since, putting together a 20-13 record. And in this stretch, though they have had some bad losses to inferior teams, the Knicks have played very well against the best teams in the league. They will be challenged the rest of the season: Fifteen of the final 26 games are against teams with winning records. According to Tankathon, it is the NBA’s fourth-toughest remaining schedule, trailing only the 76ers and Clippers. At least lately, they seem up to the challenge. Jericho Sims has already defied the odds. He did that before this season even began, by inking a three-year partially guaranteed contract last summer after being on a two-way deal. Late-second-round draft picks aren’t supposed to stick in the league. They’re about as rare as undrafted guys. Think about this: Only 28 players in the past 10 years have started multiple games after being drafted in the 50s, according to Elias Sports Bureau. Sims, who was picked No. 58 overall in the 2021 draft, already has started 17. The 6-foot-9 former Texas Longhorn has been valuable to the Knicks this season, especially in the wake of two extended absences due to injury for Mitchell Robinson. Sims is averaging 3.8 points and 4.7 rebounds in 15.7 minutes across 43 games, 12 of them starts. His 17.5 defensive rebounding percentage is tied for second on the Knicks with Isaiah Hartenstein, behind only Julius Randle. Sims was key to Tuesday’s win over the Magic, producing eight points, nine rebounds and two steals. That came after a strong effort in a big win over the 76ers when, along with Hartenstein, he helped contain MVP candidate Joel Embiid. Now he will have an opportunity to showcase his athleticism to a bigger audience when he takes part in the All-Star Weekend Slam Dunk contest (he replaced the Trail Blazers’ Shaedon Sharpe). Sims’ emergence makes him the latest non-lottery draft find by Rose’s Knicks front office, which also landed Immanuel Quickley (in 2020) and Quentin Grimes (in 2021), both at pick No. 25. Sims may never make an impact like them, particularly with Robinson on the roster and in the first year of a four-year contract, but to find anyone of value with the third-to-last pick in the draft is hard to do. And Sims clearly has proven to be a steal that late in the draft.