Truth-adverse Long Island Rep. George Santos said Wednesday that “it wasn’t very Mormon” of Sen. Mitt Romney to berate him before President Biden’s State of the Union address the night before. The Utah senator scolded the freshman lawmaker for taking a prime and highly visible spot along the House chamber’s center aisle as members of Congress arrived for Biden’s speech on Tuesday. “You don’t belong here,” Romney told Santos, adding that the serial fabulist should sit in the back row, which sparked Santos to fire back Wednesday. “It’s not the first time in history that I’ve been told to shut up and go to the back of the room, especially from people who come from a privileged background,” an emboldened Santos told reporters, according to video footage tweeted from an ABC News reporter. “And it’s not gonna be the last, and I’m never gonna shut up and go to the back of the room.” The embattled Santos then took a shot at Romney’s religious beliefs. “And I think it’s reprehensible that the senator would say such a thing to me in the demeaning way he said. That wasn’t very Mormon of him.” Tuesday’s tense interaction between the two Republicans was captured on video with the two seen jawing back and forth. Romney told reporters he couldn’t hear everything Santos said, but described him as a “sick puppy.” The 34-year-old fibber is facing investigations into his campaign finances and has admitted to lying about parts of his past. “He shouldn’t be in Congress, and they are going to go through the process and hopefully get him out,” Romney continued. “But he shouldn’t be there, and if he had any shame at all, he wouldn’t be there.” Because of the probes into Santos, Romney said he should be sitting in the back row and staying quiet. Before Santos’ jab Wednesday, he blasted Romney in a late-night tweet after Biden’s address. “Hey @MittRomney just a reminder that you will NEVER be PRESIDENT!” he tweeted at the 2012 presidential nominee, who failed to stop President Barack Obama’s re-election bid. Santos didn’t just take aim at Romney following Biden’s address. He also chided fellow New York Rep. Ritchie Torres after the Bronx Democrat tweeted that “Gaslighting is a George Santos specialty,” following criticism Santos leveled against Biden’s address. “@RitchieTorres stop obsessing over me, I’m married!” Santos wildly tweeted.