You’re shore to have a good time. TripAdvisor officially released its list of top beaches around the world, which includes several picturesque coasts in South America, the US and UK as well as one famously included in a hit TV show. And there’s even a handful of nude beaches where you can get an eyeful on the list, like Playa de Ses Illetes in Spain, which is located south of party town Ibiza, and Cable Beach in Australia, which took the third place in best beaches overall. Ranking No. 1 for the sixth year running is Baia do Sancho on the volcanic island of Fernando de Noronha located nearly 200 miles off the coast of Brazil. “A beautiful remote beach that can only be reached by descending ladders and stone steps, the majestic bluffs will take your breath away,” reads the Tripadvisor description of the island, noting that it includes six hotels, 189 B&Bs and inns as well as 10 vacation rental units. Tripadvisor said that the beach is “the perfect spot” for “travelers looking to extend their holiday and take advantage of remote working in 2023, moving their office to the beach.” According to the Tripadvisor site, the ranking was based on the quality and quantity of reviews and ratings from Jan. 1 to Dec. 31, 2022. The No. 2 spot to soak up some sun is the “tranquil and pristine” Eagle Beach in Aruba, which offers 24 hotels, 6 B&Bs and inns and 404 vacation rentals. Coming in at No. 3 is Australia’s Cable Beach, which is described as “great to sightsee, walk, swim, rock pool and watch the sunset.” There’s also a portion of the beach where sunbathers frequently go topless — and have for decades, according to Aussie ABC. “Game of Thrones” fans will enjoy a trip to Iceland’s Reynisfjara Beach, which ranked No. 4. The beach’s black sands served as the setting of Eastwatch-by-the-sea, a castle located at the Eastern end of the infamous Wall in the “Thrones” series. Tripadvisor calls it “a beach like no other” but warns of the massive waves and frigid water temperatures. Grace Bay Beach in Turks and Caicos ranks fifth on the list while Portugal’s Praia da Falésia shores up at No. 6. India’s Radhanagar Beach shines at No. 7 with one person saying that travelers need to “stay for the sunset for an unforgettable experience.” Italy’s Spiaggia dei Conigli clocks in at No. 8 with Cuba’s Varadero Beach trailing closely at No. 9. The US manages to surf into the final spot of the top 10 with Hawaii’s Kaanapali Beach. View the full of list of Tripadvisor’s top beaches of 2023 below: