They burst their bubble. UK pranksters have been accused of trying to start “World War III” after flying a “spy” balloon over the Chinese Embassy amid the alleged “balloon espionage” scandal between the US and China. Video of their helium-filled fact-finding mission has racked up nearly a million views on their TikTok channel, Josh_and_Archie. “We thought that considering the Chinese are such fans of these balloons that they would have liked it,” Josh Pieters, half of the online comedy duo Josh & Archie, told Kennedy News of the prank, which they filmed Feb. 8 at the People’s Republic of China Embassy in Marylebone, London. The prank was a response to the ongoing US-China spat that began two weeks ago after the US shot down an unidentified object that they believed to be a Chinese spy balloon. This sparked an international uproar with Chinese officials claiming that the device was simply a high-altitude weather balloon. Pieters, 29, said they planned their prank as “a bit of a tit for tat” for the Middle Kingdom’s initial alleged act of espionage. “We saw a balloon was shot down in the USA, so we thought if China can spy on the West, then why can’t the West spy on China?” the London-based prankster said. He later joked, “Flying to China would take a while, and it’s expensive, so we thought what’s an easier way, and that’s to fly a balloon over the embassy as that’s technically China.” In the clip, Pieters and his partner in crime Archie Manners can be seen MacGyvering a makeshift air-spionage device after ignoring their lawyer’s warnings that the stunt might be an issue. The duo buys a giant white weather balloon on eBay, then inflates it with giant tanks of helium bought from a local store. They complete the copycat balloon by outfitting it with a GoPro to film their airheaded intel-gathering attempt. After doing a test run, Josh and Archie drive to the embassy of the People’s Republic of China, which they claim is “one of the United Kingdom’s most secure buildings.” “It’s time to go to China,” Manners declares triumphantly, before admitting that the mission was very “dangerous.” The comedy duo, who have 1.45 million subscribers on YouTube, then use a rope and weights to float the balloon into “Chinese airspace” before taking it for a recon mission around the consulate. “We were nervous while we were blowing the balloon up, but we were confident in the fact that children walk around with balloons all the time,” said Pieters. While it was reportedly hard to see what was transpiring behind the windows, he insisted there were “no doubt some deep, dark secrets were being held behind them.” “As it rose to the top, we saw a man conducting what looked like a very serious business call on top of the roof,” Pieters added. “We don’t know what he was talking about, but it was clearly pretty high-level stuff.” Unfortunately, it wasn’t too long before authorities let the air out of their balloon. In the footage, a police van arrives at the scene and four armed guards step out and quiz the impromptu operatives about their antics. One of the officials mentions that the embassy employees may find the stunt “offensive,” to which Manners snarks, “Yeah, we definitely don’t want to offend the Chinese, that was definitely not part of the plan.” The clip concludes with the guards telling them to “deflate the balloon” and “take it away.” “It seemed that there was a very fast response to bring the balloon down, and we think that has something to do with the Chinese noticing our spy balloon and not being happy about it,” lamented a deflated Pieters about the botched recon mission. “We knew this sort of thing was high-level stuff, so we were prepared for a high-level response, but when we saw the armed police officers, we did get just a tiny bit scared.” He added, “When they ordered us to bring the balloon down, we had already done our spying, so we did.” However, Pieters said he didn’t see why they had to burst their bubble, given that “Chinese are such fans of these balloons that they would have liked it.” “If they thought there was nothing wrong with flying a spy balloon over the USA, then surely they wouldn’t think there was anything wrong with the West, being us, flying over China,” he said. Interestingly, China recently counter-accused the Biden administration of floating at least 10 balloons over their airspace in the past year — which the US government denied. Needless to say, the Josh & Archie prank sent waves of worry across TikTok with one nervous commenter fretting, “Bro’s trying to start a war.” Another warned, “Try not to cause a diplomatic incident please guysss!!” “Bro is literally performing acts that could change the world’s timeline and create wars,” worried one viewer. The trolls don’t appear concerned about the ramifications of their not-so-secret mission. “A lot of people say we could be the start of World War III, but we wouldn’t want to do that,” Pieters scoffed. “It was just a gathering mission. The intelligence could be quite important.” He said, “I think it was a success, and if any world leaders would like to consult us or get our expertise on any future spying missions, we’re available.” In a similar but far less risky prank in 2021, the YouTube pranksters successfully listed a dollhouse on Airbnb, racking up thousands of dollars worth of booking requests.