Derek’s Carr offseason tour will reach Indianapolis, but not necessarily for a visit with the Colts. The former Raiders, and current free agent, quarterback will be at the NFL Scouting Combine — which begins Tuesday — to meet with coaches and front office members, according to NFL Network’s Ian Rapoport. “Sources say he is expected to meet with a handful of teams here in Indianapolis as he re-kickstarts his free agent process,” Rapoport said on his NFL Network segment. “I would expect him to sign somewhere — I know there are several interested teams — before free agency begins, kinda giving him the leg up on everyone else.” Rapoport also reported that Carr hasn’t engaged in any “substantial discussions” with teams about a potential price tag for his new contract, and the 31-year-old has instead focused on the overall fit of the new franchise. There’s “real interest” with the Jets, he said. “That is the most important thing,” Rapoport said, “and we will see, perhaps shortly, where he lands.” That might be with the Jets. He visited with the team around 10 days ago and reportedly had a “positive” trip. ESPN’s Jeff Darlington reported following that weekend meeting that the Jets envisioned Carr as a quarterback who could lead them to the Super Bowl. The team had also started preliminary trade talks with the Packers about Aaron Rodgers, The Post’s Brian Costello reported, and that could lead to an interesting crossroads as the Jets decide which signal-caller to pursue. Carr had also visited the Saints while still a member of Las Vegas, but the Raiders released him on Feb. 14 after nine years with their former second-round pick. He’d informed the team that he wouldn’t accept a trade to New Orleans, or any other team, so by releasing him, the Raiders avoided paying him $40 million in guaranteed money if he was still on the roster after Feb. 15. In a season where he made his fourth Pro Bowl, Carr threw for 3,522 yards, 24 touchdowns and 14 interceptions, but he was benched for the final two games of the season in favor of Jarrett Stidham.