Are you feeling a little wishy-washy about how clean your dishwasher really is? Make it squeaky clean again with the top cleaning products and expert tips from a cleaning guru. You may think that a dishwasher would always be clean since you’re pouring soap and suds in each time, and the hot water that cleans the dishes must also clean the machine, right? Wrong. Did you forget where the food debris goes while running or about hard water, mold and other not-so-sanitary things? We didn’t think about this either, until getting ready for spring cleaning 2023, when every appliance and dish gets a good scrub down — inside and out. In honor of cleaning season, and every time of the year, we asked an expert from cleaning goods company Seventh Generation about the topic, providing us with some sudsy solutions for keeping your dishwasher clean. Stephanie Begnoche, senior scientist at Seventh Generation, gave us the low down, which you can read below before putting in another load of dishes into a less-than-sparkling dishwasher. Read on for her tips and tricks, as well as the cleaning products and must-have items for a clean dishwasher and home 24/7. (Related: Best dishwashers per experts) If you’re reading this, probably. Many people don’t know that dishwashers can indeed get very dirty and need to be properly cleaned a few times a week — we know! However, if adding a step prevents bacteria and other gunk from touching your plates and silverware, we think it’s worth it. “Dishwashers actually get very dirty over time from all of the soap scum and food build-up that happens from running it daily. This not only accelerates bacteria growth, but can impact the overall efficiency of the appliance,” said Begnoche. “If there are lingering smells, this may mean you need to run a dishwasher cleaning solution to remove hard water build-up and gunk. If you have a newer dishwasher, the first place you should check is your filter, which is where all the food scraps from your dishes go.” Now that we know the dishwasher is indeed dirty, how do we make it sparkle again? The answer is as simple as checking and rinsing the filter, plus a few easy steps every once in a while. “I recommend cleaning out the filter a couple of times a week — the filter is usually located just below that bottom rack. Simply click it out and rinse it in the sink [with liquid dish soap]; it will make the dishwasher work that much more efficiently,” said Begnoche. For a more thorough clean, you can also scrub down the trays inside and any removable inserts, using a sponge to get in all the nooks and crannies. Then, you can take a paper towel and spray cleaner to wash down the interior walls and then the door and handles on the outside as a last step. Still not getting clean dishes out of your dishwasher? Begnoche has a few more things to try before calling the repair person or the landlord. “If your dishwasher isn’t cleaning your dishes as expected, try reading your dish manual on how they recommend loading the dishwasher properly — there’s an art to this,” said Begnoche. “You can also try a rinse aid which helps dishes rinse a little cleaner, dry a little clearer or try switching up your dishwasher gel or detergent packs — because some formulations may work better in different water hardness than others.” Dishwashing soap isn’t just for hand washing the dishes. You can also use it to clean the internal filter and racks in the dishwasher itself, as suggested by our expert above. Get in there with a sponge that is hard on debris but gentle on the environment. Our expert suggested this coconut fiber sponge, made with 100% all-natural vegetable cellulose for ultimate absorbency. You can spray this on your dishes or the dishwasher itself, spraying down the internal walls and the external door and handle, ensuring no bacteria remains. Begnoche recommends recycled or eco-friendly options when it comes to paper towels so as not to be as wasteful when using them to wipe down the dishwasher, inside and out, multiple times a week. If you still feel that your dishes aren’t getting clean enough, try adding a rinse aid into your routine. We like this highly-rated option from Amazon, with free delivery and returns. Just in case the sponge above doesn’t reach every corner of your dishwasher, pick up a two-pack of these brushes that come with handles for easy use and an extended hand to help you clean. Lastly, be sure you stock up on the soap and suds that wash the actual dishes after giving the washer a scrub. This starter kit from Blueland comes with 60 all-natural dishwasher tablets, plus a reusable container to store them in. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.