Rex Ryan could be close to a coaching return. The ESPN analyst, who previously served as head coach of the Jets and Bills, interviewed with new Broncos head coach Sean Payton this week for Denver’s defensive coordinator position, according to Fox Sports’ Jay Glazer. Payton is finishing his duties as a studio analyst with Fox Sports, which conclude after Super Bowl 2023. Ryan, 60, spent 17 years as an NFL coach before he transitioned to a career in broadcasting in 2017. He last served as head coach of the Bills and was fired by the organization in December 2016 — along with his twin brother Rob, who was serving as the team’s assistant head coach/defense. Ryan won 15 games in less than two seasons. Unlike his brother, Rob has coaching history with Payton, who was head coach of the Saints from 2006-2021. Rob was the defensive coordinator in New Orleans from the start of the 2013 season until he was fired in November 2015. Prior to his stint in Buffalo, Ryan was head coach of the Jets from 2009-2014 and coached them to back-to-back AFC Championships in 2009-10 before missing the playoffs the next four seasons. Ryan’s resume also includes nine years as a defensive assistant coach for the Baltimore Ravens, where he helped guide them to a Super Bowl win over the Giants in 2001. His overall record in the NFL – including the playoffs – is 65-68. Ryan has said that the Bills were his last stop in the NFL coaching ranks. “This is definitely going to be it,” Ryan told USA Today in September 2015. “This is my last stop in coaching, and then when my days are up, I’ll turn it over to the younger generation. I’m not going anywhere else. There are always going to be people that judge you, but that’s OK.” Nonetheless, Ryan reportedly could make a return to coaching for the Broncos, who posted a 5-12 record this season. Denver finished last in the AFC West as quarterback Russell Wilson struggled in his debut season with the team, finishing with a career-low 16 touchdown passes. Payton replaced former Broncos head coach Nathaniel Hackett, whom Denver fired with two games left after he went 4-11. In addition to Hackett, the Broncos also fired special teams coordinator Dwayne Stukes and offensive line coach Butch Barry. The Broncos announced Payton as their new head coach on Feb. 3, after they acquired his coaching rights in a deal with the Saints last month. Payton still had two years remaining on his contract with New Orleans when he stepped down as head coach after the 2021 season. He spent this past season as a studio analyst for Fox Sports.