New York Post readers can take advantage of an incredible new customer offer with the Caesars Sportsbook promo code NPBONUSFULL. Using the promo code lets new bettors place a first bet up to $1,250, and if it loses, that same amount is returned back as bet credits. If a bettor signs up and makes a losing first bet of $150, they would still get $150 back as bet credits, and so on up to $1,250. Click the button below to find out more about how to claim $1,250 bet credits on Caesars for the Los Angeles Clippers vs. the Milwaukee Bucks on Thursday night. The credits can be used on any sports market on Caesars. The Caesars promo code NPBONUSFULL allows new bettors to claim up to $1,250 in bet credits. You need to make a first bet of at least $10, but you don’t need to worry about losing money because losing bets are returned as bet credits. Basically, you get back the same amount you initially wagered — up to $1,250. If you win, you receive your winnings just like normal. The promo code NPBONUSFULL also allows users to get 1,000 Tier credits and 1,000 Reward credits just for signing up. Thursday’s NBA slate concludes in Milwaukee when the Bucks host the Los Angeles Clippers in a matchup of two of the best teams in the league. Milwaukee is favored by five points on Caesars Sportsbook. That feels about right and I think the Bucks are the play here because they have been playing well and are on their home court. The biggest force behind the Bucks’ five-game winning streak has been superstar forward Giannis Antetokounmpo. He’s having another career year, averaging 31.8 points and 12.2 rebounds per game, all while Khris Middleton has been in and out of the lineup. The Clippers do pose a threat to ending Milwaukee’s win streak, though. Los Angeles comes in having won six of its past seven games and both Paul George and Kawhi Leonard have acclimated back into the lineup after missing time earlier in the season. In a matchup of two teams playing well, I think the move is to go with the Bucks. Antetokounmpo is the best player in the league and Milwaukee’s home crowd should be rocking, so back the Bucks on Caesars with promo code NPBONUSFULL.  21+. Available in AZ, CO, IA, IL, IN, KS, LA, MI, NJ, NY, TN, VA, WV only. Full T&C apply. Who doesn’t like a little extra bang for their buck? Caesars Profit Boosts increase the net winnings of your bet by a given percentage and can be applied to all sorts of bets. Profit Boosts can be used on straight bets (money line, spread, total) and parlays, but there are also Profit Boosts that are exclusively for straight bets only, parlays only, or even parlays with a set number of legs. Profit Boosts can be applied to a variety of sports and bet types, but only those available will appear in your bet slip. Make sure to look for any profit boosts in your ‘Bonus Drawer’ on Caesars Sportsbook.