There are hundreds, “if not thousands,” of unknown objects soaring in the skies — but they’re likely just used car balloons or other benign crafts and not aliens visiting Earth, White House officials said Monday. “There are no UFOs. This is not an invasion of the aliens,” White House Homeland Security Adviser Liz Sherwood-Randall said in a virtual briefing with governors after the US military shot down three flying objects last weekend, according to Fox News. “I mean, it’s funny, but it’s not funny because people are communicating this on platforms that are widely viewed,” Sherwood-Randall said. But despite Sherwood-Randall’s assurance to the elected officials, the government is still unable to identify the trio of recently-downed objects. The first was shot down off Alaska’s Arctic coastline Friday, the second over Canada’s Yukon Territory Saturday and the third over Lake Huron on Sunday. On the call to governors Monday, Sherwood-Randall said there are “hundreds, if not thousands” of objects in the sky. Most are believed to be mundane and could be things like “used car lot balloons” to aircraft launched by commercial businesses, she added. “It’s true that there are things that are being identified that don’t resemble anything else, that largely don’t present a threat, and we have to figure out what to do about them,” the White House advisor told governors. “And it turns out, there are hundreds, if not thousands, of them.” Air Force Gen. Glen VanHerck, the head of US North American Aerospace Defense Command (NORAD) and Northern Command (NORCOM), said Sunday that he couldn’t rule out aliens after the weekend shoot-downs. “I’ll let the intel community and the counterintelligence community figure that out.” VanHerck said. However, officials walked back his comments Monday. “I know there have been questions and concerns about this, but there is no — again, no indication of aliens or extraterrestrial activity with these recent takedowns,” White House press secretary Karine Jean-Pierre said during her regular press briefing. White House National Security Council spokesman John Kirby also said he doesn’t “think the American people need to worry about aliens with respect to these craft. Period.” The White House is creating an interagency task force to study the mysterious objects this week. Authorities are working to find and retrieve debris from the three most recent objects shot down. Officials say debris from the first unidentified object, described as the size of a small car, likely landed on Alaska’s offshore ice while the second two debris fields are believed to be in the Canadian wilderness. The trio of shoot-downs follow the downing of a high-altitude Chinese spy balloon on Feb. 4 off South Carolina’s coast. The latest objects are believed to be much lower-flying and smaller than the Chinese spy balloon, which was roughly the size of three buses.