This young boy’s eyes were bigger than his parents’ bank account. A 6-year-old Michigan boy playing on his dad’s phone managed to order $1,000 in takeout food, including $183 in jumbo shrimp and “endless” chili fries and ice cream — before the bank finally put the kibosh on nearly $500 worth of pepperoni pizzas. Little Mason Stonehouse’s dad, Keith, first detailed on Facebook how he let his youngster “play with my phone for a bit before bed” at home in Chesterfield Township late Saturday. “Imagine my shock when delivery driver after delivery driver show up last night dropping off food at my doorstep,” the realtor wrote, likening it to “something out of a ‘Saturday Night Live’ skit.” He shared doorbell-camera footage of a series of food delivery drivers dropping off orders throughout the rest of the night, asking one: “What the hell is going on?” “I looked at my phone, and all of a sudden I see, ‘Grubhub … Grubhub … Grubhub,'” the dad told “Good Morning America.” “They kept coming and coming,” he told the ABC News morning show of the orders, including “endless” chili cheese fries and ice cream as well as salads, shawarmas and chicken pita sandwiches. “Car after car. Cars were pulling into the driveway while others were pulling out,” he also told MLive.com. The nonstop deliveries only came to an end after the dad’s bank declined a $439 order for pepperoni pizza that the dad told “GMA” “would’ve been on top of the $1,000 worth of food that was piling in my kitchen.” The suitably named Happy’s Pizza had already delivered a fishy $183 order of jumbo shrimp, though. “While all of the food was being delivered and I figured out what happened, I went to talk to Mason about what he did,” Stonehouse told MLive.com. “I was trying to explain to him that this wasn’t good and he puts his hand up and stops me and says, ‘Dad, did the pepperoni pizzas come yet?’ “I had to walk out of the room. I didn’t know if I should get mad or laugh,” he said, clearly deciding on the latter in his interviews and posts seeing the funny side of it all. In his initial Facebook post, Stonehouse told friends: “If you’re hungry and you’re in the mood for 5 orders of jumbo shrimp, salad, grape leaves, rice, 3 hanis, several orders of chili cheese fries, chicken shawarma sandwiches, and plenty of Ice cream – swing on by SMH.” He told MLive that he did indeed share the food with neighbors to make sure it did not go to waste. Grubhub told The Post it had “reached out” to Stonehouse “about the unexpected spending spree his son went on.” “We wanted to make things better for him and his family, so have offered to send him $1,000 worth of Grubhub gift cards,” the delivery service said. Mason’s parents said it will take some time before he gets his phone privileges back — and that they were just glad he ordered grub, not a car. “We could tell he was upset, but we don’t know if it has really sunk in,” his dad told MLive, calling that “the frustrating part.”