While fads frequently falter, the reliable trench coat is timeless. From classic tan with a buckle centerpiece to more modern renditions featuring wool and plaid, it’s an unstoppable outwear piece to parade in during the fall and winter months. Not to mention, it’s a coat that’ll actually keep you warm. Trench coats have been around for centuries — and, through all the transitioning trends, it’s been a tried-and-true wardrobe staple. Pair it with a bodysuit or back-to-office dress as you waltz through taxis and lines of commuters. Or, wear it with one of your favorite jeans for a classic look. Whichever way you style it, a trench coat should be hanging in your closet. Not to mention, if you invest upwards of $500 — even triple that — it’s a mighty investment indeed (you’ll be wearing it for a few more decades to come, we’ll promise you that). Not to mention, some of our favorite places to shop for trench coats include Nordstrom and Amazon, though we offer many others to choose from below. Click to jump to a specific style: Burberry is one of the most sought-after brands offering deluxe trench coats. Notably, its Long Waterloo Heritage Trench Coat is one to shop for. Though a splurge, indeed, you can’t beat its timeless quality (especially when you pair it with the designer’s Vintage Check Patent Leather Sandals to match!). For a relaxed fit, this New Icon Trench from J.Crew looks exceptional when paired with jeans and sneakers (perhaps a slick white pair). That’s right — trench coats aren’t just for holiday dinners, and we’re all for this investment piece that has an on-trend relaxed fit. The Dazy Lapel-Neck Double-Breasted Belted Trench Coat from SHEIN is a surefire budget-buy that’ll provide the cult-favorite classic look. Accessorize with an everyday bodysuit, chunky gold necklaces and the perfect mini bag to elevate your outfit. Hello quality and affordability! Shop Sam Edelman’s Water-Repellent Cotton-Blend Trench Coat, the hallmark of classic outerwear with the most refined detailing we’ve seen yet. You’ll also appreciate this style’s gorgeous notched lapels and tie belt. If you’re looking for something to add to your Amazon cart, the retailer brand’s Relaxed-Fit Water-Resistant Trench Coat is a solid option. It’s everything we want in a trench coat, too: a flattering fit, breathable texture and unique button and collar detailing (including that bow!) Feel like a trend-setter with this Double-Breasted Trench Coat that looks so high-end, you’ll be surprised it’s actually from Walmart. We adore this light green tone, too, and it’s sure to keep you warm and toasty while being a wonderful transition piece into the fall and spring seasons. We adore the Carlisle Button-Front Trench Coat (namely, for being that favorite rain jacket of yours, reimagined). Belle & Bloom is a retailer we need to get on your radar as its selection of outerwear is top-tier and all over our wishlist. Oh, and we can’t stop staring at this military-inspired hue. Keep it nice and casual with the Long Mac Coat, an easy-breezy outwear staple from Everlane that we’re swooning over. Its size range is quite generous (especially for petites) and this style boasts adjustable cuffs, a clean button front and that sought-after oversized fit. Turn heads in this chic trench that’s less than $150 right now at Beginning Boutique. It’s an elegant midi-length, has an adjustable buckle waist belt and will garner several compliments (trust us, we’re all heart-eyes about it). Who said a trench coat has to be knee-length? M.M.LaFleur is on trend with that cute cropped style, characteristic of its Scotte Jacket. From its gorgeous button detailing to its cinched fit, it’s a great substitute for a cardigan if you want to rev up your office look. Madewell has some of the best classic pieces to date, with its Textural Trench Coat no exception. Made with quality-centered linen, its cool design is one to shop for (just look at how flattering it is!) — and it’s available in plus sizes. Let’s be real — anything pink is on our to-buy list, but this Hooded Double-Breasted Trench Coat designed by London Fog nearly made our jaw drop. From its ornately buttoned look to that stunning color, you’ll want to trek outside all year long in this beaut. You can’t beat the classic trench coat look, and this particular style adds a slight modern twist with its chic belted waist tie. It’s also made from an eco-friendly recycled poly spandex that will keep creases and wrinkles away. We’re obsessed with this chopped version of the traditional trench coat fit that is a worthy contender for replacing your motor jacket. Abercrombie stepped up their game with this style providing belted sleeves, button closures and side pockets. You can easily pair this with a white t-shirt and yoga pants or make it dressy with some wide-leg pants. Woven with a rich plaid detail in beautiful blue and brown, you can pair this trench with a basic tee and jeans and still look amazing. It’s one of the hidden gems we hunted down on Amazon — for less than $100, too. A splurge-worthy outerwear statement, Everlane’s The Gathered Drape Trench is the lovechild of a blazer and a down coat — with a throwback plaid we can’t get over. What’s more, it has storm flaps, a unique gathered touch at the shoulders and a high back slit. Remain warm without sacrificing style in Allegra K’s plaid trench coat. For those who prefer a shorter coat, this was designed to hit the top of your thigh with a slight flare at the end. The interior is fully lined to keep precious heat from escaping during the colder months. We’re also obsessed with the front pocket and gorgeous notched lapels. Bold and vintage-inspired, the Check Boyfriend Trench from ASOS is one to add to your shopping cart. Boasting that “new-coat feeling” (per the brand’s description), its spread collar, belted waist and unisex fit has us wanting to whip out our credit cards. Casual but leaning into streetwear fashion, shop the Lacoste Check Nylon Trench Coat from Net-A-Porter. It’s a splurge-worthy staple that can be dressed up or down for nearly any event or wear (plus, it looks great with a pair of leggings). Reformation has some of the dreamiest midi dresses and cocktail dresses we’ve seen, and it’s outerwear pieces are just as riveting. For a camel-colored option that’s sure to keep you lusciously warm, this fashion piece is your best bet. We want it, and we want it bad. The more beautiful-than-ever Wild Oversized Wool Coat  with oversized button cuffs is just the outwear you need to channel Blair Waldorf. Did we mention we want it? Yeah, we’re adding it to our cart for this season. Why not splurge on a trench coat? With minimal detailing, the Maje Givera Wool-Blend will certainly make a statement with in its vibrant green shade, all while staying nice and toasty warm. Talk about the definition of dreamy! This deep red Escalier wool-blend trench coat has a tall collar that’s foldable or wear it up to protect your neck for those windy days. The buttons help keep it closed while adding an elegant touch to the fit. For more content, check out the New York Post Shopping section.