TikTokers are in a pickle. The latest bizarre snack to go viral online is wrapping a dill spear in a piece of pan-fried provolone. Dubbed a “chickle,” “pickle cannoli” or simply “a pregnant girl’s dream,” the seared and salty combo is hailed by internet foodies as the ultimate snack. It all started when TikToker @clurmurr, known as Claire, shared her cheesy concoction online and racked up over 13 million views. After her husband called it “gross,” she was motivated to share her “guilty pleasure snack” with her followers in the hopes of finding others who enjoy the same thing. She dowses her frying pan in cooking spray and heats the oil, then slaps a piece of provolone on the hot surface. As she lets the cheese melt and crust, she adds a pickle on top, wrapping it in the gooey cheese. “I don’t care if anyone says this is gross — it’s amazing,” she concluded in the clip. In the comments section, users championed Claire for her genius snack hack, saying they’re headed to their kitchens to try it themselves, while others boast that they’ve found their “people.” In subsequent clips, Claire attempts the chickle – or cheese pickle – in a variety of different methods and flavors: ranch seasoning, ranch dressing, peanut butter, tajin and even cream cheese. Other users followed suit – one TikToker called the snack “pickles in a blanket,” while another called it “incredible.” “I just want to eat loads of these,” said a creator, who goes by Bella Hill. TikTokers are known for sharking their odd food combinations – and they’ve been far whackier than just pickles and provolone. Last year, upper-echelon creators shared their version of a seemingly incongruous high-brow snack: Doritos and caviar. The culinary creators have expensive taste, too – they’re using caviar that retails for hundreds of dollars a pop. Past surveys have also found that Americans have a knack for guilty-pleasure food combos, such as dipping fries in chocolate milk, munching on chocolate and popcorn, and even chips with chocolate.