A Queens girl struck and killed by an SUV in Woodside was coming home from the park when she was hit, a relative told The Post. Dolma Naadhum, 7, was rushed to Elmhurst Hospital after being struck Friday at the intersection of Newtown Road and 46th Street, but could not be saved. ‘I am not good,” said Dolma’s dad, Tsering Wangdu, who has an older son with his wife, Sonam. The girl was with her mother, returning from a regular trip to the playground when the tragic incident happened, said a relative. “Her mother is in bed and left alone. Her father has been crying,” the relative added. Another family member wept while talking about the girl’s death. “I feel like it’s a dream, I can’t believe she’s gone,” Dorjee Dolma, the wife of the victim’s uncle, said Saturday. A neighbor who witnessed the incident said the mother was “devastated.” “I saw her last night,” Gladys Garcia recalled. “She was holding onto the little girl and hysterically crying. She was on the ground. … The child wasn’t moving at all.” “The police officer put [the girl] in the car and took her straight to the hospital. They didn’t even wait for an ambulance,” Garcia added. The child had been in the street when the SUV hit her, according to police, but it’s not clear whether she was at the intersection or had the right of way. The driver stayed at the scene. No arrests were made, and police said no criminality is suspected. Dolma was a second grader at PS 85 in Astoria, according to an online fundraiser which by Saturday evening had brought in more than $20,000 to help the family with funeral expenses. “Dolma was very outgoing and compassionate, a young girl who would greet every student during morning arrival. She was very bright and loved by many. She was taken from us too soon,” organizer Leah Lin wrote. Residents called for a stop light at the intersection. “I’ve seen the little girl with her mother going to school and coming home from [an] afterschool program every day. It’s always she and her mother,” said Garcia, 60. Garcia said motorists do not always pay attention to the intersection’s stop signs. “They just speed through there because it’s a main street to a highway,” she said, adding, “It’s very sad, heartbreaking. I feel for the family. It’s a great tragedy, especially a 7-year-old who was just beginning life.” “It’s frustrating. I probably made like four requests to 311 for speed bumps and traffic lights,” said another neighbor, who gave his name as Daniel and said he saw the child “on her stomach, and her mother standing over her crying.” “It makes me mad. A little girl has to die. It’s so sad. … I hope she didn’t suffer,” said another resident who gave her name as Mary and called the fatality “just a disaster.” The child “loved McDonald’s, pizza … she loved ice cream so much,” her relative recalled, adding, “She was always talking and laughing. She made a lot of friends in the park. “I really hope they fix that intersection because it’s not the first time someone got hurt there. I’d be walking home when people zoomed past me. I try to avoid that area,” the relative said.