The Jets and Raiders have had some memorable matchups through the years, dating back to their days in the AFL. The Raiders’ Ike Lassiter broke Joe Namath’s cheekbone in 1967. A year later, the Jets beat the Raiders in the AFL Championship Game at Shea Stadium with Namath throwing three touchdowns. There was the Heidi Game earlier that season, the 1982 playoff game in Los Angeles and the meetings in the 2001 and ’02 playoffs in Oakland. Gregg Williams called a Cover Zero. Mark Sanchez ate some hot dogs. Tim Brown torched Vance Joseph. John Hall kicked from 53 yards out to make the playoffs. The two teams have some history. Now they could be competing for Aaron Rodgers. The Jets and the Raiders are the two teams mentioned most when people speculate where Rodgers may end up if he leaves Green Bay. There could be other suitors, but it seems as if the Jets may have to beat their old rivals again if they want to land Rodgers. Let’s compare how the two teams stack up in several categories in their potential appeal to Rodgers. The Jets finished the season 7-10. The Raiders went 6-11. So this one is close. The Raiders lost by one score in nine of those 11 games, which means they were close to being a contender. But it’s also true that their best win was over the Seahawks in overtime. They were 12th in yards and points per game. They were shut out once and held to 10 points or fewer twice. The Jets ended the season on a six-game losing streak after showing early promise. They did not score a touchdown in the final three weeks of the season, a staggering feat. Advantage: Push The Jets have some connections with Rodgers. Robert Saleh knows him a bit because Saleh is best friends with Packers coach Matt LaFleur. Rodgers mentioned he was on a FaceTime with LaFleur when Saleh got the Jets job and he congratulated him. He also has talked about the challenges of facing a Saleh defense. Furthering the ties, the Jets hired Nathaniel Hackett as their offensive coordinator last month. Hackett was the Packers offensive coordinator from 2019-21, when Rodgers won two MVPs. The two have a close relationship, and Rodgers has spoken highly of Hackett. The Raiders have a Packers connection on their staff, too. Green Bay receivers coach Edgar Bennett was the Packers offensive coordinator from 2015-17 and a position coach for the team from 2005-14. The Josh McDaniels question is an interesting one when it comes to Rodgers. McDaniels has a better resume than any offensive coach on the Jets staff after his success with the Patriots, but he has not been a successful head coach and rubs some people the wrong way. Does Rodgers want to learn a new system under McDaniels at 39 years old? The Raiders could offer to tailor the offense to Rodgers, but he may feel more comfort in Hackett’s system, running a version of what he has done in Green Bay since LaFleur arrived. Advantage: Jets The Jets have some promising young players on offense with Garrett Wilson, Breece Hall and Elijah Moore entering their second or third seasons. Tyler Conklin and C.J. Uzomah will be more productive at tight end when given a star quarterback. The Jets also could be looking to add a receiver this offseason. The Raiders, however, have a huge advantage in this area with Davante Adams. Rodgers has a comfort level with Adams, and Adams remains one of the best receivers in the NFL. He had 100 catches for 1,516 yards and 14 touchdowns this season with Derek Carr as his quarterback. The Jets have no one who compares to Adams right now. Wilson might get there someday, but he’s not there yet. The Raiders don’t just have Adams, though. Josh Jacobs won the rushing title in 2022 with 1,653 yards. He added 12 touchdowns. He is a pending free agent, but the Raiders are expected to franchise-tag him if they can’t reach a deal on a new contract. And then there is tight end Darren Waller, who had a down year with injuries, but is a force when healthy. Advantage: Raiders The Raiders offensive line got off to a slow start, but improved as the season went on. Pro Football Focus ranked them as the 10th-best O-line in the NFL. They do not have any stars along the offensive line — left tackle Kolton Miller is probably their best player — but they did help Jacobs win the rushing title, so it’s hard to argue with that. They allowed 35 sacks, tied for ninth-fewest in the league. The Jets offensive line was plagued by injuries, and is expected to have a different look in 2023. Eleven different offensive linemen played at least 61 snaps for the Jets this season, and PFF ranked the team’s offensive line No. 31 in football. They allowed 192 pressures on 689 pass-blocking snaps, the seventh most in the NFL, per PFF. Alijah Vera-Tucker was their best lineman before he suffered a season-ending injury in Week 7. Expect the Jets to have new starters at center and one of the tackle positions next season. Advantage: Raiders The Jets have one of the best young defenses in the NFL, finishing fourth in points and yards allowed this season. They have Rookie of the Year Sauce Gardner as an anchor in the secondary and Quinnen Williams as the anchor up front. Both were All-Pros in 2022. Cornerback D.J. Reed also looked like a star this season in a system he played in under Saleh in San Francisco. The Raiders are about to undergo a major makeover on defense. Expect them to spend a lot of money in free agency to revamp a unit that was 26th in points allowed and 28th in yards allowed. Besides Maxx Crosby, who had 12 ½ sacks, the Raiders don’t have any stars on defense. That could change, but Rodgers would have to get the plan for how the Raiders are going to fix their defense. Advantage: Jets People are going to make a big deal about the AFC West having Patrick Mahomes and Justin Herbert or the AFC East having Josh Allen. I don’t think Rodgers will care. Players don’t think like fans. I’m sure Rodgers thinks he is the best in the world and can beat anyone. Advantage: Push Las Vegas is a wonderful place to visit, but do you really want to live there? The Jets can offer the best of both worlds. Their practice facility is in Florham Park, where you can find a nice suburban neighborhood to live in. Then you can go into New York for a night out with a show or a good meal. Vegas is hot. Rodgers is used to the cold of Green Bay. Rodgers likes darkness retreats. There are plenty of dark nights in the Jersey suburbs. The Vegas Strip vs. Broadway? Come on. Advantage: Jets It’s a close call, but the Jets are a better fit for Rodgers. Since the Rodgers-to-the-Jets discussion has begun, I have gotten a lot of emails from people who are opposed to the move who reference Brett Favre. It is an obvious comparison considering Favre came to the Jets 15 years ago in a trade from the Packers near the end of his career. The tone seems to be, “Don’t make the same mistake again,” or, “Don’t repeat the Favre disaster.” I don’t get this. Favre was far from a disaster with the Jets. He got them to 8-3 before he injured his arm and the team collapsed. It still was a very good season for the Jets, who went 4-12 the year before he arrived and 9-7 the year he was here. Favre played at a high level for three months and was injured in the final month of the season. It’s hard to kill the Jets because he got injured. The Favre trade also did not have long-lasting effects on the Jets. They made the playoffs the following year after Favre went to the Vikings and Mark Sanchez took over at quarterback. You can be against adding Rodgers for a lot of reasons. The idea that they should not do this because Favre did not work out in 2008 is silly. They didn’t reach the playoffs, but he had a very good year. People seem to forget that. In honor of Darrelle Revis getting elected to the Pro Football Hall of Fame, here are the Jets’ career leaders in interceptions:1. Bill Baird, 1963-69: 34 INTs2. Dainard Paulson, 1961-66: 29 INTs3. Darrelle Revis, 2007-12, 2015-16: 25 INTsT-4. Aaron Glenn, 1994-2001: 24 INTsT-4. Larry Grantham, 1960-72: 24 INTsT-4. Victor Green, 1993-2001: 24 INTsT-4. James Hasty, 1988-94: 24 INTs8. Erik McMillan, 1988-92: 22 INTsT-9. Al Atkinson, 1965-74: 21 INTsT-9. Bobby Jackson, 1978-85: 21 INTsT-9. Burgess Owens, 1973-79: 21 INTsT-9. Darrol Ray, 1980-84: 21 INTs Source: Pro Football Reference