About three hours before Josh Hart was set to debut for his new team, he posted on social media a photo of his No. 3 jersey hanging in his locker, along with the words “Ima f–king Knick!” The 27-year-old Hart was acquired Wednesday night in a deadline deal that sent Cam Reddish and a protected 2023 first-round pick to Portland, marking the third time he has been traded in his six NBA seasons. “It’s definitely somewhere that I would definitely like to be,” Hart said of New York before scoring 11 points and grabbing seven rebounds in his Knicks debut, a 126-120 win over the Jazz on Saturday at the Garden. “It’s my third time getting traded, sixth year in the league, fourth team, sixth head coach. “It’s been a whirlwind. I didn’t think that was how my first six years were going to be, but I’m looking for a home, and I think this could be it.” Hart, who controls a player option for 2023-24 worth $12.96 million, began his career with the Lakers as the 30th overall pick of the 2017 draft before being traded to the Pelicans in the Anthony Davis blockbuster deal and then to the Trail Blazers at the trade deadline last year. The former Villanova star also was teammates with Jalen Brunson for two years, and they won one NCAA title together with the Wildcats. Hart also teamed up with Knicks All-Star forward Julius Randle for one season in Los Angeles. “Having relationships when you’re going to a new team always helps. And it always when those guys are those guys,” Hart said. “They’re All-Star caliber players. I’m looking to pick up where we left off. “Jalen and I had a lot of success at a different level, obviously. But we had success, we kept in touch. We know each other, we know each other’s game. And same with Ju. So I’m excited. It’s definitely going to help me out to have those guys on the team and someone I’m familiar with.” Hart said he spoke with Brunson — whose number was retired Wednesday night at Villanova — soon after Brunson’s viral video celebrating the trade hit social media. “It was dope, man. It was something that we’ve talked about several times. It’s something that we both wanted to do in our careers and, man, we’re both excited,” Hart said. “We’re excited to be teammates, and we’re both excited to be Knicks. I think that’s the biggest thing.” The 6-foot-5 guard averaged 9.5 points and 8.2 rebounds in 51 starts this season for the Blazers, including 19 rebounds in an overtime win at the Garden in November. After that game, Knicks coach Tom Thibodeau dubbed Hart “the best rebounding guard in the league.” “I should have had 20. I fouled out. Jalen gave me three damn fouls that game,” Hart joked. “I’m a guy that’s gonna bring it every night. I’m a guy that’s gonna be physical. I’m a guy that’s gonna do the dirty work. Going to rebound, going to defend. Get on the floor for a loose ball and do those kind of things. “I feel like that style fits every team, especially a New York team. That’s what this city is about and what the city builds off of. I take that with pride. I’m just a blue collar guy. I think that’s really going to work well here.” Hart noted that he’s always “loved” playing at the Garden, against St. John’s or in the Big East tournament with Villanova, and as a pro. His style certainly fits the one preferred by Thibodeau, although the coach hasn’t explained yet how he plans to use Hart within the Knicks’ rotation. But the Knicks’ front office clearly dealt for Hart to play significant minutes. “I would love to, man. … Whenever Thibs calls my name, I gotta be ready, and that’s what it’s about in this league, just having that consistency,” Hart said. “So, whether I play 48 minutes or I play 14 minutes, I gotta be ready to go out there and contribute and help this team, and if I’m not doing that, then obviously I shouldn’t be playing 48 minutes. I should be playing more like four minutes. So, I’m relying on Thibs to take care of all that, and I’m just out there just to play.”