On-the-lam Flaco the owl can remain in the wild, thanks to his killer instincts, Central Park Zoo officials say. The evasive Eurasian eagle-owl — who captured New Yorkers’ hearts when he flew his vandalized zoo coop more than two weeks ago — has been coughing up enough fur and bones from the rats he’s caught to prove he can fend for himself, even after being in captivity, officials said. “We are going to continue monitoring Flaco and his activities and to be prepared to resume recovery efforts if he shows any sign of difficulty or distress,” the Manhattan zoo assured Flaco’s fans in a statement over the weekend. The search for Flaco, whose name means ”Skinny” in Spanish, began Feb. 2 when the zoo discovered vandals had cut the stainless-steel meshing at the majestic bird’s enclosure. Since then, Flaco has flocked from treetop to treetop, eluding his would-be captors, including NYPD cops, and amassing legions of fans concerned that captivity had robbed him of nature’s instincts and left him unable to feed himself. Those concerns were furthered by reports that no one saw him eating during the early days of his escape. But Flaco proved he can make it in the big city as much as anyone else — by showing clear signs he’s been stuffing himself on Central Park’s plentiful bounty of rats, zoo officials said. “He has been very successful at hunting and consuming the abundant prey in the park,” the zoo said. And that’s a good thing, because he’d proven exceedingly hard to corner as he soars above Upper Manhattan near the famed green space, including by its skating rink. Flaco also has been known to visit swanky Fifth Avenue, where he foiled police officers’ attempts to nab him at one point. Desperate zoo officials recently tried to lure the bird home with bait and recordings of eagle-owl calls. But the wily owl saw through the ruse and preferred freedom to friendship. “Flaco has been doing well in Central Park. And that’s amazing,” said David Barrett, who runs the Twitter accounts Manhattan Bird Alert, Brooklyn Bird Alert and Bronx Bird Alert. “He’s made a remarkable move from being a captive owl to being in the wild much faster than anyone would have expected. “He’s catching prey on his own. He continues to fly better and better,” Barrett said. “He seems to be enjoying himself out there.” The Eurasian eagle-owl is one of the larger owl species, with a wingspan of up to 79 inches, according to the Wildlife Conservation Society. The birds have large talons and distinctive ear tufts. Such owls aren’t native to North America, so it’s unclear how Flaco will do during mating season, though, Barrett said. “Is he going to be lonely out there? That’s a good question,” the birder said. With Post wires