Call it concerning carcinogen cartography. An alarming new map shows the global scope of certain cancer-causing forever chemicals, which may be harming over 330 species of animals worldwide. The unsettling analysis was published Wednesday by the Environmental Working Group (EWG). Researchers pored over 100-plus recent peer-reviewed studies, which found these animals harbored 120 unique polyfluoroalkyl substances (PFAS), chemicals found in household products from nonstick cookware to dental floss. Dubbed “forever chemicals” because they break down very slowly, these substances are linked to a host of ailments, including reproductive problems, immune system suppression, and even cancer. “PFAS pollution is not just a problem for humans,” David Andrews, a senior scientist at EWG, said in a statement. “It’s a problem for species across the globe.” While it’s no secret that animals aren’t safe from forever chemicals, Andrews said this “first-of-its-kind map clearly captures the extent to which PFAS have contaminated wildlife around the globe.” According to this staggering project, PFAS have been found in wildlife ranging from oysters to sea turtles and polar bears. The worrisome work follows up on a map from January that boasted showing for the first time “how PFAS are contaminating U.S. freshwater fish from coast to coast.” On the new chart, animals are color-coded based on their taxonomy — such as orange for birds and brown for large mammals. Meanwhile, triangle symbols denote creatures that have been classified as “near-threatened, vulnerable, endangered or critically endangered” by the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN). Clicking on one of the shapes yields the species of animal, its PFAS exposure, as well as its IUCN status and the studies that provided the foundation for the creature’s contamination designation. One of the studies included in the analysis suggests cardinals are being “exposed to PFAS from soil, groundwater and air, with 12 PFAS compounds found in their blood serum.” Meanwhile, research focused on North Pacific-dwelling sea turtles found the chemicals affect each stage of the reptile species’ development and can wreak havoc on their immune system. Tainted critters were found everywhere except Antarctica, and that wasn’t due to an absence of pollution, but rather a lack of recent data from the region. “This is not an exhaustive catalog of all animal studies, but predominantly those published from the past few years,” cautioned Andrews of the map. EWG senior scientist Tasha Stoiber said the map proves these chemicals are everywhere, spreading to “animals and humans through the air, water and soil.” PFAS, which are found in blood, can cause reduced vaccine efficacy and cancer — even in small doses. Earlier this year, scientists discovered that eating just one portion of freshwater fish — such as trout or carp — could expose people to the toxic compounds. In addition, commonly-employed efforts to eradicate PFAs may paradoxically “end up leading to further pollution, according to Stoiber. Unfortunately, this may just be the tip of the contaminant iceberg. “There are still countless locations and species across the globe that are likely contaminated but have not yet been tested,” EWG President Ken Cook said. “PFAS pollution is a global problem. This map is just the beginning.” In a similarly startling study from last year, scientists found that forever chemicals could potentially increase the risk of liver cancer by as much as 350%.