Scrambling to find last-minute NYC Valentine’s Day plans? If that’s the case, we humbly recommend spending it with Mr. New York himself, Billy Joel. On Tuesday, Feb. 14, Joel will extend his record-shattering Madison Square Garden residency when he plays at the venue for the 134th time. Most remarkably, tickets to see the 73-year-old Joel live on this V-Day are surprisingly inexpensive. In fact, at the time of publication, we found some going for as low as $50 before fees on Vivid Seats. It doesn’t matter if you’re a “Piano Man” or “Uptown Girl” — that’s a great price to see a Rock and Roll Hall of Famer and five-time Grammy winner. Lower level seats for the gig start at $115 before fees. $228 before fees is the lowest price we found for floor seats. All prices are subject to fluctuation.  A complete calendar including all of of Joel’s upcoming solo headlining gigs — both at Madison Square Garden and elsewhere — can be found below. (Note: The New York Post confirmed all above prices at the publication time. All prices are subject to fluctuation and include additional fees at checkout.) Vivid Seats is a verified secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand. They offer a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and your tickets will be delivered prior to the event.  Later this year, Joel is teaming up with fellow Rock and Roll Hall of Famer Stevie Nicks for a co-headlining tour they’re calling “Two Icons, One Night.” The unlikely but intriguing pair have eight huge concerts together from March through November. Here’s where you can see the two live over the next few months.  Having had so many shows at the Garden, one has to wonder, “Does Billy Joel play the same songs every time?” The answer is…sort of. Joel tends to open each show with the theme from “The Natural.” From there, he usually — but not always — jumps into “A Matter Of Trust.” Obviously, he plays the hits you know and love like “Piano Man,” “Big Shot,” “It’s Still Rock and Roll To Me,” “We Didn’t Start The Fire” and “Movin’ Out (Anthony’s Song)” but Mr. Long Island also mixes some curios and covers in as well. Want to know which Beatles and Stones songs he puts his own spin on? You can see a record of every single one of Joel’s concerts here at Set List FM. Plus, if you really want to turn back time, you can see what Joel played way back at his first gig back in Hempstead, NY in Nov. 1971 on the site too.  While we can often tell you that, yes, Billy Joel will be playing live shows again this year, there are some surprise mega stars going on tour in the next few months. Here are just five huge acts you can catch in your neck of the woods in the next few months. • Bruce Springsteen and the E Street Band • James Taylor • Tom Jones • Pat Benatar • Three Dog Night Need an encore? Check out our list of the 22 biggest classic rock acts on tour in 2023 here.