New Yorkers woke up Tuesday to slushy streets and nearly 2 inches of snow in what amounted to the season’s most significant snowstorm so far. While a far cry from the mega-storms of years past, Monday evening’s storm left 1.8 inches of snow in Central Park — the most recorded in the Big Apple this winter thanks to unseasonably warm weather — and about 6 inches of fluffy white flakes across metro-area suburbs. In New York City, the snow began to turn into rain Tuesday morning as temperatures rose, leaving slush-coated streets and sidewalks. “As we go into the rest of today, the snow and rain will be moving out north,” Fox meteorologist Jordan Overton told The Post on Tuesday. “The snow is pretty much done for the city. We’ll see rain for the rest of the day.” While the Big Apple may be done with snow for the day, many of the city’s northern suburbs can expect to continue to see flurries into Tuesday afternoon. Parts of western New Jersey saw up to 3 inches of snow overnight, while some towns in North Jersey recorded between 3 and 6 inches. The eastern portion of New Jersey saw less snowfall, recording on average about 2 to 3 inches, Overton said. White Plains in Westchester County received about 3 inches of snow overnight, and Putnam Valley, about 50 miles north of Manhattan, recorded more than 6 inches of snowfall. Parts of Orange and Rockland counties saw between 6 and 8 inches of heavy, wet snow. Morning drivers navigated slippery conditions and slush — but any problems caused by the storm should be cleared up by the afternoon, according to Overton. While New York City schools were open Tuesday, several districts in the northern suburbs shuttered because of the inclement weather. The New York state Department of Transportation warned New Yorkers to drive cautiously as its regional crews continued to work to keep the Thruway and other roads clear of snow and ice. Roads in Connecticut were also hazardous because of the storm’s impact. Crews were continuing to clear the roads in full force “until the job is done,” the Connecticut Department of Transportation said on Twitter. New York Gov. Kathy Hochul took to Twitter to remind drivers not to “crowd the plow.” “Every region in New York saw measurable snow overnight and accumulation is expected to continue this morning,” Hochul wrote. “Our crews are working to clear the roads. If you’re heading out for the day, please check your local forecast, exercise caution, and don’t crowd the plow.” The National Weather Service has a winter storm warning in effect until 1 p.m. Tuesday.