It didn’t register. An advertisement for McDonald’s McCrispy chicken sandwiches placed across the street from a British crematorium is reportedly being removed after being dubbed “tasteless.” The coincidental placement of the bus stop poster made for some dark humor, but Cornwall, England residents aren’t lovin’ the advertisement opposite the Penmount Crematorium. “Although I can see the funny side, it is tasteless, and I’m sure some grieving family members won’t like to see it when visiting Penmount for the funeral and cremation of a loved one,” one unnamed woman, who claims her mother-in-law was cremated at the establishment last year, told local outlet CornwallLive in a story posted Friday. “I think how funny it is will probably depend on how long ago you followed the crematorium sign wearing a black tie,” someone else quipped. McDonald’s didn’t seem to appreciate the McNuggets of wisdom from the residents. “We were unaware of the road sign in the vicinity of this bus stop,” a spokesperson told CornwallLive. “However, in light of the concerns raised by CornwallLive, we have asked for our advertisement to be removed.” The outlet did not report precisely when the advertisement was installed or if it has been removed. The Post reached out to McDonald’s for comment. The news outlet posted a snap of the ironic McCrispy ad online, and it was met with some playful comments from those who found light in the unfortunate juxtaposition. “Anyone who doesn’t find this funny are the same people that were taken into consideration when the Penmount Hotel in Newquay became Penberthy Care Home,” one person proclaimed. “It was thought some wouldn’t see the funny side of a building full of older folk sharing the same name as the corporation body furnace.” “No worse than our local council entertaining the idea of allowing a crematorium to be built next door to a retirement village,” a disgruntled citizen chirped. “Fell off the chair laughing,” someone else claimed. CornwallLive joked that “rumors” of the McDonald’s poster being replaced by promotion for Burger King’s flame-grilled Whopper couldn’t be substantiated before presstime. The war between the two fast food giants allegedly snared Sarah Michelle Gellar, who recently claimed McDonald’s sued her when she was 5 years old for using its company name in a Burger King commercial at the time. Gellar, 45, claims she, along with Burger King and the ad agency, were slapped with a suit — and she was discouraged from visiting the chain.