Brandon Pippin stands out in a crowd, and not just because he’s a successful rapper. He’s also covered head-to-toe in tattoos. However, despite his professional success, Pippin — whose stage name is Crewsont — said he struggles in the romance department. “A lot of people can’t handle their partner constantly having people gawk at him and throw themselves at him,” he told “Truly” in a video interview, adding that he hasn’t been on a date “in years.” The 29-year-old rapper started getting tattoos six years ago, spending thousands on his ink, which covers his face, neck and scalp — even having a scar tattooed over his eyes — and getting fitted for permanent gold teeth. “I wear clothes to show off tattoos all the time because I love them — they look cool,” he explained. “I typically don’t have to do much.” Pippin, whose genre of music is “scream rap,” said people are surprised when he says he has trouble dating. When asked what type of woman he tends to attract, Pippin admitted he’s yet to find someone who’s a suitable match. “I think I typically attract the not-so-good women,” he admitted, saying most of the gals he meets recognize him from social media or at a show. “I feel like I attract the chaotic, attention-seeking type of girls,” he added. Pippin’s decision to cover himself in head-to-toe tattoos was inspired by other rappers he’d seen, noting they all had interesting tattoos, but said he does get interesting responses from the public. “I can have people completely ignore [me] and I have some people that will look me [and scoff] and some people hold their purses,” he said. Pippin isn’t the only one who says people are skittish around their ink. French man Anthony Loffredo — who calls himself the “black alien” — said he’s been blacklisted from restaurants due to his appearance. Loffredo removed his ears, nostrils and even a few fingers; sharpened his teeth and dyed them purple; and covered his body in extreme tattoos, saying he’s been “passionate about mutations and transformations” from “a very young age.”