PHOENIX — He watched him up close every day for two years, on the practice field and in the locker room. He played against him as an opponent this past season and even anticipated where he would be throwing the ball and came away with an interception in a playoff rout. James Bradberry, veteran NFL cornerback, makes his living studying quarterbacks. He feels he knows quite well what Daniel Jones, his former teammate with the Giants, is all about. Bradberry is with the Eagles now and does not have to say anything positive or glowing about Jones. Yet, when the topic of free agency arises, Bradberry thinks he knows what Jones is worth. “I hope he gets it,’’ Bradberry told the Post. “I hope he gets 35.’’ That would be $35 million, per year, which is probably the going rate — give or take a few million annually — for Jones as the Giants contemplate a new contract for the 25-year-old quarterback. The Giants are committed to keeping Jones and, while they are not averse to putting the franchise tag on him in the short term, they are not interested in having Jones play out the 2023 season on the tag, which would cost $32.4 million against the salary cap. A long-term deal would not be nearly as costly on the cap in the first year. The Giants — ownership, general manager Joe Schoen and head coach Brian Daboll — believe in Jones and are not afraid to put together a new contract to make that belief reality. Talks have not yet begun. Schoen this past week was engaged in NFL draft meetings. Soon enough, though, it will be time to open up negotiations. “I definitely think Daniel’s a franchise quarterback and I think this season showed that and also gave him some confidence in himself to know that he is a franchise quarterback,’’ Bradberry said. “And he’s definitely got the guys over there supporting him as far as the coaches and the offensive players. I feel like he’s the guy and they should stick with him.’’ Another former teammate also has praise for Jones. Wide receiver Kadarius Toney, now gearing up for Super Bowl LVII with the Chiefs, could not stay healthy and on the field during his 1.5 seasons with the Giants, but he came away impressed with the guy throwing him the ball. “I think he was a great quarterback,’’ Toney said. “He’s just got to find a system I guess.’’ It is more than Jones’ size, arm strength and speed that leads Bradberry to his conclusion. He has seen what only the insiders know about Jones, attributes not readily apparent to those who see the quarterback — reserved, stoic, perhaps a bit detached — from the outside. “I saw his work ethic and his play this year showed it on the field,’’ said Bradberry, who spent the 2020 and 2021 seasons with Jones and the Giants. “I also saw how the guys react to him. I always saw that from afar. Like Saquon [Barkley], the offensive linemen, all those guys love him. He’s a great guy and a great quarterback. He can get the ball wherever you need him to get it and he can also make plays with his legs. He checks all the boxes for me.’’ Bradberry and the Eagles became the first team to ever beat the Giants three times in one season. Bradberry did not see that as an indictment of Jones. “Up front we definitely got after the quarterback, made it uncomfortable for Daniel,” Bradberry said. “I saw the improvements they made, but at the end of the day I just felt like we were the better team.’’