PHOENIX – The Jets had a rookie sweep on Thursday night. Cornerback Sauce Gardner won Defensive Rookie of the Year and wide receiver Garrett Wilson won Offensive Rookie of the Year here at the NFL Honors show. The Jets are just the third team in the history of the awards to win the honor on both sides of the ball. It is the punctuation mark for remarkable rookie seasons by Gardner and Wilson and for general manager Joe Douglas, who looks like he built a franchise-changing NFL Draft class in 2022. Gardner had 20 passes defended, 75 tackles and two interceptions after the Jets took him with the No. 4 overall pick out of Cincinnati last year. Gardner did not shy away from difficult matchups, facing Stefon Diggs, Ja’Marr Chase, Justin Jefferson, Tyreek Hill, Mark Andrews and D.K. Metcalf in his first season. Opposing quarterbacks had a 53.1 completion percentage and 61.2 quarterback rating when targeting Gardner. Receivers averaged just 5.1 yards per target against him. The other defensive finalists were Lions defensive end Aidan Hutchinson and Seahawks cornerback Tariq Woolen. Wilson set a new franchise rookie records with 83 receptions and 1,103 receiving yards. He also caught four touchdown passes. The No. 10 overall pick out of Ohio State had three 100-yard games and went over 90 yards six times. Wilson accomplished all of this despite the unrest at quarterback the 2022 Jets had. Wilson caught passes from four different quarterbacks, three different starters. The other finalists for the offensive award were 49ers quarterback Brock Purdy and Seahawks running back Kenneth Walker. The other NFL teams to sweep the Rookie of the Year awards were the 1967 Lions with Mel Farr and Lem Barney and the 2017 Saints with Alvin Kamara and Marshon Lattimore winning the awards. The Jets rookie class was deeper than Gardner and Wilson, which has the Jets excited for the future. Jermaine Johnson, the team’s third first-round pick had 2 ½ sacks in a limited role. Running back Breece Hall, their second-round pick, was the team’s leading rusher with 463 yards despite missing the final 10 games of the season after suffering a torn ACL in October. Fourth-round picks Micheal Clemons (2 ½ sacks) and Max Mitchell (five starts) also had strong starts to their careers.