Their money’s on Ron. As expectations grow that Florida Gov. Ron DeSantis will enter the 2024 GOP race for the White House, the 44-year-old drew a trio of million-dollar donations from Republican bundlers in recent weeks. Beverage magnates Jude and Christopher Reyes gifted DeSantis $1 million apiece on Feb. 15, according to records from the governor’s Florida political action committee. The Illinois-based billionaire brothers — whose Reyes Beverage Group is the largest beer distributor in the US — gave former President Donald Trump the far less bountiful sums of $50,000 each ahead of the 45th president’s 2020 re-election run. The Reyes brothers have already ramped up their financial support for DeSantis over the past year, donating a total of $900,000 before last week’s cash infusion. Another key GOP benefactor, Queens-born and Pennsylvania-based investor Jeffrey Yass, wrote a $2.5 million check to the Friends of DeSantis on Feb. 7 — the single largest sum given to the Sunshine State governor to date. Yass, 67, topped that off with another $100,000 distribution a week later, records show. A maverick with libertarian political leanings and donations to both parties on his record, Yass gave more than $55 million to Republican-backed candidates and causes during the 2022 election cycle. The donations to DeSantis came ahead of this week’s barnstorming tour by the Florida governor, who touted a law-and-order message on Staten Island and in the suburbs of Philadelphia and Chicago — both Democrat-run cities that have experienced a crime surge in recent years. “If you’re disenchanted, if you don’t think things are going to turn around wherever you are — not just in New York, wherever — just know that there’s a state that’s doing it right,” DeSantis told a law enforcement-heavy crowd on Staten Island Monday. “There’s a state that will value your service.” Polls have shown DeSantis and Trump, 76, well ahead of any other current or potential Republican challengers — including former Ambassador to the UN Nikki Haley, former Vice President Mike Pence and former Secretary of State Mike Pompeo. Trump announced his third consecutive run for the White House on Nov. 15. Although DeSantis has yet to officially enter the race, most political observers expect he will do so after Florida’s legislative session wraps later this year. DeSantis has drawn donations from across the country, with the heaviest concentration of funds rolling in from New York City. The Florida governor has received nearly 40 separate sums of at least $10,000 from New Yorkers since the beginning of 2022, the records show.