Have you always wanted to air guitar to “Smoke On The Water” performed live? Now’s your chance. Rock and Roll Hall of Famers Deep Purple are midway through a sprawling international tour. Yes, you read that right. The group that’s been together since 1968 and featuring original members like vocalist Ian Gillan, bassist Roger Glover and Ian Paice are still giving their all on the road 55 years after their pre-Moon landing formation in London. However, you have to hurry — the classic rockers only have five North American shows remaining this year and they all take place from Feb. 10 through Feb. 21. That includes huge concerts at Bensalem, PA’s Parx Casino on Friday, Feb. 10 and New Brunswick, NJ’s State Theatre on Saturday, Feb. 11. So, if you want to hear “Hush,” “Highway Star,” “Perfect Strangers,” Child In Time” and, of course, “Smoke On The Water” live, here’s everything you need to know before it’s too late.  A complete calendar featuring all of Deep Purple’s tour dates, venues, show start times and links to buy tickets can be found below.  Being together for 55 years doesn’t mean Deep Purple doesn’t have more to give to the world. In 2022, the band reached deep into their archives and dug out “Extras: The Infinite B Sides and Bonus Songs” which is a must for any Purple superfan. However, what we found most interesting was the band’s latest record of original music, 2021’s bluesy, New Orleans-y “Turning To Crime.” Featuring epic rock (“7 and 7 Is”) as well as lively party startin’ tunes (“Rockin’ Pneumonia and the Boogie Woogie Flu”) and two covers from B.B. King (“Let the Good Times Roll”) and Cream (“White Room”), the album is certainly a departure from the hard rockers’ heavy fare they’re famous for. Still, for our money, the best track on the record is the Southern-fried rock and roll number “Oh Well.” We’ve been listening to it on repeat all day. You can hear the jubilant “Turning To Crime” album in its entirety here.  It’s hard to believe the ’60s were over 50 years ago now. Still, many acts that defined the sound of the groundbreaking musical era are still kicking it and on the road this year. Here are just five of our favorite acts that have been rocking out since Nixon was in office that you can see live in the next few months. • Ringo Starr • Dead and Company featuring John Mayer • Tom Jones • Graham Nash • Santana Need even more classic rock in your life? We’ve got you covered. Check out our list of the 22 biggest classic rockers on tour in 2023 here.