The 2023 award season continues in full swing with the SAG Awards on Sunday night. The 29th Screen Actors Guild Awards — or SAG Awards — return to Hollywood on Feb. 26 to celebrate the best in movies and TV — but this year marks a change in viewing options. For the first time in SAG Awards history, the ceremony will be streamed live on Netflix’s YouTube channel rather than being shown on traditional TV. The move precedes the decision to broadcast the awards exclusively on Netflix, starting in 2024. Winners are determined by 122,600 eligible voters within the actors’ union, SAG-AFTRA. The 2023 SAG Awards take place on Sunday, Feb. 26, starting at 8 p.m. EST at the Fairmont Century Plaza hotel in Los Angeles, California. For the first time in SAG Awards history, the show will not be broadcast on traditional TV. Instead, the ceremony will be streamed live online on Netflix’s YouTube channel. For clarity: the show will not be on Netflix. It will be on the streamer’s channel on YouTube.com. Viewers can also cast the show onto their TVs through the YouTube app on smart TVs or devices like a Roku Streaming Stick, Google Chromecast or Amazon Fire Stick. People and Entertainment Weekly will both be streaming the SAG Awards red carpet on their separate YouTube channels. Both streams will go live at 5:45 p.m. EST. A master of ceremonies for the 2023 SAG Awards has yet to be announced. This will be the third year in a row that the show has not had a host. Its last hosts were Dan and Eugene Levy in 2020, Megan Mullally in 2019 and Kristen Bell in 2018. Nominees for the 2023 SAG Awards include Adam Sandler, Jennifer Coolidge, Cate Blanchett, Michelle Yeoh, Viola Davis, Austin Butler and Colin Farrell. Fan favorite films competing for the gold include “The Fabelmans,” “Babylon,” “The Crown,” “Everything Everywhere All at Once” and “The Banshees of Inisherin.” See the complete list of nominees here. The SAG Awards are typically the most reliable in terms of predicting Oscar winners. Last year, SAG winners exactly matched the Academy Awards winners. This year’s SAG Awards presenters include Emily Blunt, Jessica Chastain, Don Cheadle, Caleb McLaughlin, Paul Mescal and Ashley Park. Additional presenters announced Thursday include Zendaya, Aubrey Plaza, Jenna Ortega, Jason Bateman, Adam Scott, Jeff Bridges, Matt Bomer, Ariana DeBose, Eugene Levy and Amy Poehler. SAG-AFTRA president Fran Drescher will also take the stage and give out an award. Sally Field, 76, will be honored with the Screen Actors Guild Life Achievement Award. Andrew Garfield, 39, will be on-site to present “The Flying Nun” actress with the honor. The Oscar and Emmy-winning Field has had a prolific career, starring in iconic projects such as “Mrs. Doubtfire,” “Steel Magnolias,” “Forrest Gump,” “Gidget” and “Smokey and the Bandit.” Field’s “80 For Brady” co-stars Rita Moreno, 91, and Lily Tomlin, 83, also received SAG Life Achievement Awards in 2013 and 2016, respectively.