You know you’re getting old when you have to turn the closed captioning on to watch basically anything on your TV. Or maybe the TV audio quality is just getting worse. If only there was a way to save yourself the embarrassment of all of your friends filing out to a bar to watch the second half of Sunday’s big game because they can’t hear the commercials, or rewinding, and rewinding, and rewinding again to catch one measly line of dialogue on movie night in with your partner. What if we were to tell you that there is a solution, available on Amazon and elsewhere, to all of your audio troubles? And after that, what if we were to tell you that these solutions are on sale, just in time for the Super Bowl? Sonos has long been one of the most trusted names in audio, and for a limited time, they’re offering speakers, soundbars, and subwoofers on sale, both through Amazon and the Sonos site. Save up to $100 on state-of-the-art audio equipment, and enjoy movies, TV, and music like never before with Sonos’ sharp, crystal-clear audio. Below, we’ve rounded up our three favorite deals that Sonos has to offer. Read on, click through, and turn it up. Save $50 on this Sonos Beam Gen 2 soundbar, and control your audio through your TV remote, Apple Airplay, Amazon Alexa, Google Assistant, or Sonos app. Smarten up your home, and enjoy a 3D surround-sound effect, courtesy of Dolby Atmos, all for the lowest price the Beam has been in over a month. Take it up a notch with the new Sonos Arc soundbar, priced down $90 on Amazon this week. The Sonos Arc contains all of the same features as the above Beam, and more, including enhanced dialogue clarity, thanks to a team of Oscar-winning sound engineers. Sleek, thin, and easy to set up, the Sonos Arc is a steal at Amazon’s sale price of $799. Calling Meghan Trainor! If you’re also all about that bass, check out this Sonos Sub (Gen 3), priced down $100 this week on the Sonos site. Designed to be used in combination with other Sonos speakers, this subwoofer will automatically take control of the lowest notes, rumbles, and explosions, allowing mid and high-range speciality speakers to perform even better. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.