Canyon name nixBesides the fact that there are many more pressing issues for Manhattan Borough President Mark Levine to focus on, removing the names of certain historical figures that are seen by virtually no one from sidewalks on downtown Broadway is wrong (“ ‘Erase’ Canyon Nazi pals,” Jan. 27).Including the names of Pierre Laval and Henri Philippe Pétain among the list of those who have enjoyed a ticker-tape parade (with the date of the parade) is not honoring Nazi collaborators; it’s a statement of historical fact.It’s not like there are statues of them on horseback. Indeed, today interested people can search the names on their phones and learn some valuable lessons in history. Why edit that out? Elites of every stripe have a penchant for dictating to the rest of us what we should know. It’s rarely a good idea.Michael Burke, The Bronx Bigots go freeWant to know why New York City is dying right in front of our eyes (“DA defense on wrist-slap furor,” Feb. 2)?Look at the plea deal that the fearless, crime-fighting Manhattan District Attorney Alvin Bragg handed to one of the anti-Semitic mob who assaulted a man because of his religion.One of the group received no prison time at all and another got six months in jail after saying “I would do it again.” It looks like Bragg is trying real hard to make sure he gets the chance.When you get a slap on the wrist for joining a mob that beats, pepper sprays and maces an innocent man, the message is clear: This city is pro-crime and dismisses crimes against Jews. Welcome to the ultra-liberal city of New York.Steve Heitner, Middle Island Rent-control harmYour editorial “The Left’s Painful Housing ‘Help’ ” (Jan. 28) is right on point.Laws and regulations that control rent lead to deferred maintenance, needed improvements that are left undone and vacant apartments.A quotation attributed to the late Swedish economist Assar Lindbeck is worth remembering: “In many cases, rent control appears to be the most efficient technique presently known to destroy a city — except for bombing.”James Ciecka, Chicago, Ill. Bring NYPD homeBrooklyn City Councilman Chi Ossé is right (“Lefty pol’s clueless terror tweet,” Jan. 29).Why are NYPD cops stationed at 16 overseas locations while home-grown criminals pose our city’s greatest threat?One of his critics tweeted: “Ever hear of 9/11?” Yes, I have. But I’ve also heard of the CIA, FBI, Department of Homeland Security and other federal agencies tasked with protecting us against foreign terrorists.With soaring violent crime rates, New York needs its top cops home, not thousands of miles away.Your report noted that private donors fund this program. Who are they, and what benefits do they gain from it? New Yorkers have a right to know. I hope the news media can find out for us.Richard Reif, Queens Dog’s 2nd chanceI feel devastated after reading that some awful person cemented a poor, defenseless dog to a sidewalk (“Dogged pooch beats ruff odds,” Jan. 30).The person who did this needs to be caught and prosecuted for this heartless crime.The dog is in good care in the “arms of angels” at the Tri-County Humane society, and they are holding him and loving him. Hopefully he’ll be adopted by loving people. Thank God caring people found him.Kate Phelan, Boca Raton, Fla. Want to weigh in on today’s stories? Send your thoughts (along with your full name and city of residence) to letters@nypost.com. Letters are subject to editing for clarity, length, accuracy and style.