Who needs to be lucky in love when you can just pay a fortune for it? A potentially lucrative New York Craigslist advertisement has gone viral, with the job poster — a single male in his 30s — offering a cool $10,000 to the smooth-talker who can help him land a wife. The man claims he wants to find his one-and-only — but needs someone to make some sweet small talk on his behalf, admitting it’s not his forte. “I’m seeking a soulmate,” the hopeful husband-to-be starts his anonymous classified ad. “But first, I’m seeking a Cyrano de Bergerac.” Cyrano de Bergerac was a 17th-century French novelist who inspired the iconic 19th-century play “Cyrano de Bergerac,” written by Edmond Rostand, which fictionalized the writer’s life. In the play, Cyrano — a gifted writer who is embarrassed about his large nose — is hired by a handsome yet uncharming nobleman, Christian, to write love letters on his behalf and win the heart of a beauty named Roxane. Drama ensues when Cyrano finds that he, too, has fallen for Roxane amid concealing his identity at the behest of Christian. Whereas Cryano had his own romantic interests at heart, “Craigslist Christian” hopes his poetic stand-in will be satisfied with robust compensation — offering to pay $200 per date secured, $2,000 if their relationship becomes exclusive and $10,000 should the scheme succeed at making her his wife. The would-be suitor continued in his casting call: “Me: a 30-something guy with a good Hinge profile but a low motor for messaging.” “You: a witty banterer that loves the apps,” he described of his ideal ghostwriter. “Us: the most unstoppable force on the NY dating scene.” The Craigslist ad was later posted to Twitter, where users dubiously questioned the ethics — and legitimacy — of the post. “The whole point of Cyrano de Bergerac was that she fell in love with the guy saying all the nice words, not the handsome face,” wrote one skeptic. Others warned of the personality-catfish scenario that could ensue. Said one critic, “Gonna really suck for the girl who thinks she’s meeting some witty son of a gun and turns out the guy is bland as white rice.” The Post has reached out to the original poster on Craiglist for additional details.