Do you hate mornings? Well, you’re not alone. A recent study found the most stressful time of the day is in the morning. Researchers recently determined the most stressful time of day down to the minute and the top stressors of the day. Nearly 2,000 Brits were polled via OnePoll to determine how and when adults experienced the most stress. The recent study commissioned by Rescue Remedy found that 7:23 a.m. is the most stressful time of day, even though the first stressor doesn’t typically occur until 8:18 a.m. The average person experiences an average of three dramas a day, with women having their first around 7:50 a.m., while men maintain their peace until 8:43 a.m. “Often when we think ‘drama’ we think big, but the research shows how much of an impact seemingly small niggles can have on our daily moods,” Zuzana Bustikova, a spokesperson for Rescue Remedy said. “We know that a poor night’s sleep can offset the whole day, and challenging days can often result in sleepless nights, so it’s no wonder that mornings are when the first drama is experienced,” Bustikova explained. The research confirmed that tiredness (46%), an interrupted night’s sleep (36%) and a busy day at work (33%) were among the top causes of such dramas. While the study found that 35% of people agreed that little dramas are just a part of life, 24% still find it difficult to relax when they’re experiencing small annoyances. In fact, as many as four in 10 (41%) claim they have been kept awake at night or had their sleep disrupted due to everyday annoyances — women (50%) more so than men (32%). During waking hours, small dramas lead to people feeling frustrated (32%), anxious (23%) and tired (21%). But taking a walk, listening to music and getting some alone time have been found to help people improve their mood. “More than ever, it’s important to understand what our body and mind are telling us and, whilst it’s not always easy, setting good habits like eating well, establishing a — somewhat — relaxing bedtime routine and making time to look after ourselves is crucial,” Bustikova said. “Taking small steps to build our emotional resilience, even on those difficult days, can make a huge difference in helping us live life to the fullest.”