The crazed U-Haul driver who ran down at least eight people during a more than hour-long frenzy in Brooklyn was charged with murder Tuesday — as police revealed what may have sparked his bloody rampage. Weng Sor, 62, “was suffering a mental health crisis” — and told cops he was set off by an “invisible object” coming toward his truck — when he allegedly unleashed the Monday morning spree that killed a single dad and left a trail of injured New Yorkers from Sunset Park to Red Hook. “He states when he’s driving his van, he sees an invisible object come towards the car and at that point, he says, ‘I’ve had enough’ and he goes on his rampage,’” NYPD Chief of Detectives James Essig said at a press briefing announcing the charges. Police said Sor — who has a lengthy rap sheet in Nevada and a history of mental illness — was out to commit suicide by cop. One victim, 44-year-old Yijie Ye, a father of three who took a job as an Uber Eats driver to help feed his kids, died in the incident, with another left in an induced coma. The remaining victims — including a police officer — were expected to recover. In addition to the murder rap, Sor faces seven counts of attempted murder — with the investigation continuing, Essig said. “We have a lot of information from his family, who confirmed that he was off his medication,” Essig said. “He does say to the police when he’s arrested, ‘You should have shot me.’” Just five days earlier, Sor — who cops say rented the van in West Palm Beach, Florida, on Feb. 1 — was on his way to the Big Apple when he was pulled over for reckless driving and marijuana possession in South Carolina on Feb. 5. The following day, Sor showed up at his ex-wife’s Brooklyn home, where his son also lives, and showered. He then returned to the apartment on Feb. 8, when he got into “an altercation” with his son, Essig said. Following the argument, Sor was pulled over on the Belt Parkway and cited for speeding and driving a commercial vehicle. “The next time we see that vehicle is in New Jersey, Millburn, on Sunday, Feb. 12, at 8:10 p.m. before he returns to Brooklyn” on the day of the rampage, Essig said. The mayhem began in Sunset Park, and went through Bay Ridge, into Dyker Heights, and back in Bay Ridge before Sor was nabbed just outside the Brooklyn Battery Tunnel in Red Hook, police said. “During this rampage, eight civilians — three on a bike, three on a moped, one on an e-bike and one walking — were injured,” Essig said. “One tragically suffered a fatal injury,” the chief said. “One is in critical but stable condition. The remaining six injuries range from broken bones to cuts and bruises.” The first victim, an e-bike rider, was struck shortly before 10:20 a.m. at Fourth Avenue and 55th Street, according to cops. The man, identified by relatives and sources as Mohammed Salah Rakch, 36, — a married dad to a 3-year-old boy and 7-year-old girl — was later placed in a medically induced coma, an attorney for the family said Tuesday. “I don’t have words to describe my feelings now. My husband was a really good person, a good father, a lovely husband,” his wife, Nadjet Tchenar, told reporters. The U-Haul popped up again around 10:29 near Fifth Avenue and Senator Street, where a 33-year-old man has also knocked off an e-bike. About two minutes later, a 30-year-old man was knocked off his e-bike by the U-Haul near Bay Ridge Parkway and Seventh Avenue, with the victim suffering a gash to the head. At 10:36 a.m., the van plowed into a 51-year-old man on Bay Ridge Parkway near 12th Avenue and also suffered a gash to the head — and was listed as a casualty of the rampage only after he walked into Maimonides Medical Center after the incident. Several minutes later, around 10:50 a.m., Ye, — a dad to teen twin boys and to a girl — who was riding a moped, was hit and suffered a serious head injury near Bay Ridge Parkway and Fifth Avenue, police said. He was taken to NYU Langone, where he later died. Ye came to the US from Fuzhou in China 18 years ago to find a better life — only to be cut down by the vehicular rampage, his cousin told The Post. “Unfortunately this tragic accident shattered their American dream and our family members are heartbroken by his death,” said the cousin, who gave his name only as Mike. Just two minutes after Ye was struck, the U-Haul hit a 38-year-old man on an e-bike at Bay Ridge Parkway and Fort Hamilton Parkway. At 10:57 a.m., another moped rider, a 32-year-old man, was hit at 72nd Street and Third Avenue and also injured, cops said. Police were first able to momentarily stop the van around 11:03 a.m. near the intersection of Wakeman Place and Ridge Boulevard — with Sor allegedly telling the pursuing cops, “Shoot me!” That’s when the 33-year-old NYPD cop was injured. NYPD Commissioner Keechant Sewell said “the U-Haul rammed his patrol car near the intersection of Wakeman Place and Ridge Boulevard,” injuring the cop, who suffered cuts to his waist, neck and leg, and was taken to Langone in stable condition. The U-Haul then hit a 66-year-old man near 73rd Street and Third Avenue. An NYPD chopper then spotted the errant van at 86th Street and Fourth Avenue in Bay Ridge around 11:09 a.m. — and tracked it as it sped past 43rd Street near the Brooklyn-Queens Expressway, heading toward Manhattan, Sewell said at the briefing. Cops were finally able to box the van in near Hamilton Avenue and Columbia Street and took Sor into custody without incident, cops said. “We have no indication that he was going to surrender,” Sewell said. Essig said Sor has eight prior arrests dating to 2002, including for drunken driving and evading a police officer. He was also charged with battery in 2014 and domestic battery in October 2015, and later for battery with a deadly weapon in 2017 and 2020. Records show he served 17 months in a Nevada state prison on the first conviction and nearly one year in a county jail in the state on the other. Meanwhile, New York City Councilman Justin Brannan called the victims of the four-wheel rampage “just salt-of-the-earth people. “There are a lot of immigrant families, just working people who were doing their thing during the day, getting from Point A to Point B, you know?” he said. “I think yesterday we felt a lot of shock and disbelief and I think [today] there is a little sense of anger, you know,” Brannan said. “Getting behind the wheel of the truck and using it as a weapon and aiming it at people and running people down — that’s a choice.” “That’s a premeditated choice, so there’s a lot of anger there.” Additional reporting by Desheania Andrews, Kyle Schnitzer and Georgett Roberts