They’re on the way to saying, “I do!” On Sunday, actress Rebel Wilson, 42, announced via Instagram that she is engaged to girlfriend Ramona Agruma, who is the founder and owner of the athleisure brand Lemon Ve Limon. In the photos she posted, the two wore matching pink-and-white striped sweaters with black hearts on them as they posed together in front of Sleeping Beauty’s Castle at Disneyland. The two were surrounded by flowers and petals. “We said YES! ,” Wilson wrote in the caption of the post. She also thanked jewelry company Tiffany & Co for their stunning diamond rings, and Bob Iger and his team at Disneyland. In the first photo, she showed off her fiancé’s ring, which featured a silver band and modest-sized diamond. The couple went public with their relationship last June. At the time, she announced her relationship via Instagram, sharing a side-by-side photo of the two of them. “I thought I was searching for a Disney Prince… but maybe what I really needed all this time was a Disney Princess #loveislove,” she wrote in the caption. Wilson welcomed her first child, a daughter named Royce Lillian, in November via surrogate. She and Agruma co-parent Lillian together, according to Entertainment Tonight. Before she announced exactly who she was dating, Wilson gushed about her partner–who we now know is Agruma–during an interview with People in June. “We spoke on the phone for weeks before meeting,” Wilson said, explaining that they had been set up by a friend. “And that was a really good way to get to know each other. It was a bit old-school in that sense — very romantic.” She added, “”I think going through the process of finding more self-worth, I think that what you want in a partner is elevated and so it’s great to have someone who feels like an equal partner and be in a healthy relationship,” Last week, Wilson announced that she was launching a new dating app called Fluid, which allows users to match with whoever they want and don’t have to define themselves under a box–as most dating apps make you check off if you’re “straight” or “gay.”