Jim Carrey is saying goodbye to his longtime Los Angeles home. “For three decades it’s been a sanctuary for me but I don’t spend a lot of time there now and I want someone else to enjoy it like I have,” Carrey, 61, told The Post in a statement. “Cha cha cha cha … Changes!” he added, referencing the iconic David Bowie song. The Canadian-born comedian — long known for his role in “Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind” — purchased the five-bedroom, nine-bathroom estate in 1994 for $3.8 million, or $7.71 million today, records obtained by The Post show. Spanning more than 12,700 square feet, the massive property has hit the market for $28.9 million. Carrey told the Wall Street Journal, which was first to report on the listing, that the home was “a place of enchantment and inspiration” for him over “30 very creative and prosperous years.” “Every night the owls sang me lullabies and every morning I sipped my cup of joe with the hawks and hummingbirds, under a giant grandfather pine,” he said. Carrey purchased the home right before the release of his first major movie hit, “Ace Ventura: Pet Detective.” Situated on 2 acres, the one-story ranch home is set behind 280 feet of hedged frontage in affluent Brentwood, the listing notes. The living, dining and family rooms boast fireplaces with beamed ceilings and skylights. Glass doors open to a courtyard patio for indoor-outdoor living and optimal sunlight. The chef’s kitchen has a breakfast room with views of pear trees outside. Meanwhile, the primary suite has been pegged as a “restful retreat,” with a sitting area, a fireplace, a balcony, and a wood-paneled bathroom with a fireplace and a soaking tub. Other features include a gym, an office, a theater with a snack area and additional ensuite bedrooms. Outdoor features include a tennis court, a gazebo, a waterfall pool and spa, a pool house with a bar, a fireplace, and a separate infrared sauna and steam room. There’s even a vegetable garden and several meandering paths. Janelle Friedman, of Sotheby’s International Realty – Santa Monica-Venice Brokerage, holds the listing. In 2013, Carrey unloaded his oceanfront Malibu property for $13.4 million, which he purchased in 2002. It’s unclear where Carrey will land. The Post has reached out for comment.