Bettors new to BetMGM Sportsbook can use BetMGM bonus code NPBONUS to claim up to $1,000 in bonus bets if their first bet loses. The new customer offer from BetMGM allows you place your first bet up to $1,000, and if it loses, you get back that same amount in bet credits, aka bonus bets. Click the button below to learn more about BetMGM’s offer so you can use it for the NBA games on Tuesday night. Don’t like an NBA bet tonight? No worries, because this offer works for any sports market on BetMGM. The BetMGM bonus code NPBONUS lets new customers get up to $1,000 in bonus bets. Let’s say you make a $100 losing bet after you sign up – you still get back $100 in bet credits with the bonus code. This works for any amount up to $1,000. BetMGM’s new customer offer is a great way to dip your toe into the sports betting world, and tonight’s NBA slate is a good chance to try it out. There may only be five games in the NBA tonight, but these look to be good matchups, and every game is becoming more important with the playoffs nearing. The action begins north of the border when the Toronto Raptors host No. 1 pick Paolo Banchero and the Orlando Magic. Toronto enters at 27-31 and needs a win to keep pace in the play-in race. Up next, it’s a battle of Eastern Conference heavyweights when the Milwaukee Bucks host the Boston Celtics. Both teams are vying for the top seed in the East, with Boston leading the conference at 41-16 and Milwaukee closing in at 39-17 after winning 10 straight games. The Phoenix Suns host the Sacramento Kings at 9 p.m. ET, then an hour later, the Clippers play the Golden State Warriors in Los Angeles. All four of these Pacific Division rivals are of similar quality, so we could be in for an exciting nightcap. The night wraps up in the Pacific Northwest when the Portland Trail Blazers host LeBron James and Los Angeles Lakers. All five of these games have the potential to come down to the wire, so use BetMGM bonus code NPBONUS to get in on the action. New and existing players. Must be 21+. AZ, CO, DC, IA, IL, IN, KS, LA, MD, MI, NJ, TN, VA, PA, WV, WY only. Full T&C apply.. One of the easiest ways to get yourself a load of bet credits is through BetMGM’s very generous “refer a friend” scheme. BetMGM allows bettors to refer up to 20 friends, with both getting a $50 bonus. Your friend will need to make their first deposit and place their $50 bonus on any sport at odds of -200 or greater in order for you to claim your bonus. For Ohio: 21+ and present in OH. Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER.