Padres star Manny Machado will remain a key part of future San Diego postseason runs. The infielder and the team are finalizing an 11-year extension worth $350 million, The Post’s Jon Heyman confirmed. It’s a move that comes less than 10 days after Machado noted during a spring training interview that he plans to opt out after the season, adding there’s a “lot of money out there.” Instead, the Padres brought the money to Machado and didn’t even let their 30-year-old star reach free agency. He initially joined San Diego with a 10-year, $300 million deal in 2019 — bolting from NL West rival Los Angeles, which traded with Baltimore mid-season to acquire Machado — and now won’t become a free agent until after the 2033 season, according to Spotrac. Machado’s extension has a full no-trade clause and no opt-outs, according to The Athletic’s Britt Ghiroli. He’ll log his fifth season with San Diego in 2023, and he keyed their run to the NLCS last season behind a .298 batting average, .898 OPS and a second-place finish in MVP voting. Machado made his second consecutive All-Star Game — and sixth of his career — and noticed, which he revealed Feb. 17, that the free agency market had “changed tremendously” from when he last dealt with an expired contract following the 2018-19 season. “Things change and evolve,” Machado told reporters from spring training, “and as a player, it’s pretty good to see.” According to The Post’s Jon Heyman, the Padres wanted to negotiate an extension with Machado before he opted out after the season, but if that didn’t happen, Heyman reported the Mets could’ve pursued him after the way the Carlos Correa saga unfolded. The latest development is another in a string of moves the Padres’ front office has made this offseason to try and position their franchise for its first world title. They signed Joe Musgrove to an extension during the 2022 season. Xander Bogaerts joined on an 11-year, $280 million deal in December. Then, Yu Darvish signed a six-year, $108 million extension that will keep him with the team into his 40, and San Diego still has a looming decision to make on 24-year-old outfielder Juan Soto. The Padres still found a way to keep their third baseman for the long-term future, though.