Urine trouble for even asking, according to sources. “Joker” sequel production bosses are under fire after allegedly denying extras access to the bathroom while on set, among other issues. Sources told TMZ that extras for “Joker: Folie à Deux” had been forced to work non-stop for two hours sans bathroom or water breaks during production at Warner Bros. Studios in Burbank. Most of these lavatory problems purportedly arose while the background actors were waiting for cameras to be set up — a process that can take up to an hour. However, extras said they were terrified to ask pee-mission after seeing their colleagues get “berated” for requesting a bathroom break. One extra reportedly had to go “terribly,” only to be forced to plead “their case” to the assistant director as to why it was an emergency. When they returned with a cup of water, the A.D. reportedly told them: “Why are you drinking more water? So you have to go pee again?” Meanwhile, another A.D. was overheard scoffing that they’d never “had to go to the bathroom this much.” “What do they even do in there?” they’d said, according to sources. “Cause they definitely aren’t using them.” Needless to say, the aggrieved actors couldn’t hold things in for long. The Screen Actors Guild (SAG) has since received an official complaint about break time violations and has reportedly investigated and spoken to production about the alleged potty prohibition, TMZ reported. Interestingly, the first “Joker” movie was similarly plagued by bladder problems on set in 2018. Extras had reportedly gotten locked in a city subway car for more than three hours during filming in a Brooklyn train station — and were forced to relieve themselves on the tracks. Not much is known about “Joker: Folie à Deux” — showrunners have remained notoriously mum on the subject — however, Joaquin Phoenix will reportedly reprise his role as the psychologically-tormented DC villain Arthur Fleck. Meanwhile, Lady Gaga is allegedly slated to play fellow villainous clown Harley Quinn while Brendan Gleeson has also reportedly been cast but in an unknown role. The Todd Philips-directed flick is scheduled to hit theaters on October 9, 2024, exactly five years after the original “Joker” debuted on the big screen.