After a two-year hiatus, Prince William and Princess of Wales Kate Middleton attended this year’s British Academy Film Awards on Sunday evening. The couple have not attended the awards show since 2020, but Kensington Palace confirmed last week that they would be appearing — and that they did. The two walked the red carpet, with William wearing a black tuxedo with a velvet jacket, and Kate donning a stunning, one-shoulder white gown complete with a pair of black evening gloves. The dress was designed by Alexander McQueen, and she had previously worn it during the 2019 awards, according to Vanity Fair, this time, giving it a new look. She accessorized with a pair of long, floral earrings and a black smokey eye. The event is set to take place at the Royal Festival Hall in Southbank, London. The royal duo missed the 2021 BAFTA awards due to the death of Prince Phillip, who passed away just one day before the scheduled ceremony. Last year, they were unable to attend due to “diary constraints,” a rep told Variety at the time. Prince William has been the President of BAFTA since 2010. Some of this year’s nominees for best film include “Everything Everywhere All at Once,” “Elvis,” and “The Banshees of the Inisherin.” For best leading actress, Viola Davis is nominated for her part in “The Woman King,” as well as Ana de Armas for her character in “Blonde.” Austin Butler is also up for leading actor for his lead role in “Elvis.” William and Kate’s appearance at the awards comes just weeks after his brother, Prince Harry, released his tell-all memoir, titled, “Spare.” In the bombshell book, Harry alleged that his brother pushed him to the ground and physically “attacked” him in November 2019 during an argument about the Duke of Sussex’s and Meghan Markle’s relationship with the press. He also claimed that his brother warned him not to propose to Markle, and thought that their relationship was moving “too fast.” The Prince and Princess have not made any public statement on the jaw-dropping biography. The 76th annual BAFTA Awards will air on Sunday, Feb. 19 at 2 p.m.