The Dead are alive and well. Just this year, 75-year-old founding member Bob Weir has not one but two huge tours planned. First up, the Rock and Roll Hall of Famer will “drive that train” with his band The Wolf Bros when they tour all over North America from Feb. 2 through April 30. On that run of shows, Weir and the Bros will conduct a mini four-show residency at Port Chester, NY’s Capitol Theatre on Feb. 7, Feb. 8, Feb. 10 and Feb. 11. Then, come summer time, Weir will team up with Dead and Company featuring John Mayer for the group’s high-profile stadium and arena Farewell Tour from May 4 through July 16. That tour includes two New York stops. First, Weir and his long-running group will play a pair of gigs at Saratoga Springs’ Saratoga Performing Arts Center on June 17 and June 18. Next up, they’ll swing into the Mets’ home field for back to back shows at Flushing’s Citi Field on June 21 and June 22. Midway through the non-stop touring, the Wolf Bros will join Willie Nelson at his 90th Birthday Celebration on April 29-30 at Los Angeles’ Hollywood Bowi. Just one weekend later, Weir will switch over to Dead and Company and headline this year’s New Orleans Jazz Festival from May 4-7. Clearly, there’s a lot going on for the jam band icon this year. Even better, some tickets to see him live are available for as low as $31 before fees on Vivid Seats at the time of publication. All prices are subject to fluctuation. Want to know more? Keep truckin’ on down this page — we’ve got all the information you need below.  Weir and the Wolf Bros, known for playing Grateful Dead songs as well as a bit of roots rock, will get the tour motor revvin’ at North Charleston, SC’s North Charleston Performing Arts Center on Feb. 2. Next up, the foursome made up of Weir, Don Was, Jay Lane and Jeff Chimenti, have huge gigs planned in Atlanta (Feb. 17, Feb. 18, Feb. 19), Detroit (Feb. 26), Omaha (March 4), Austin (March 7, March 8) and Nashville (March 11, March 12). The Wolf Bros’ official tour comes to a close with four shows at Menlo Park, CA’s The Guild Theatre on April 3, April 4, April 7 and April 8. A complete calendar including all tour dates, venues, show start times and links to buy tickets can be found here.  Once the Wolf Bros go into hibernation, Dead and Company will rise again one last time. Following their headlining gig at the New Orleans Jazz Festival, the legendary band will play stadiums all over the country as part of their sprawling 33-concert Farewell Tour. To kick things off, Weir, Mayer, Bill Kreutzman, Mickey Hart, Oteil Burbridge and Jeff Chimenti will perform two nights in a row at Los Angeles’ Kia Forum on May 19 and May 20. After that, the rockers have major shows in Atlanta (May 28), Chicago (June 9, June 10), Philadelphia (June 15), Boston (June 24, June 25) and Boulder, CO (July 1, July 2, July 3). It all ends at San Francisco’s Oracle Park with three consecutive nights of concerts on July 14, July 15 and July 16. Click here to see Dead and Company’s official tour schedule.  Smack dab in the middle of Bob Weir’s two tours, the vocalist/guitarist extraordinaire has two huge performances at mega events that aren’t your run-of-the-mill headlining shows. Here’s what you need to know about Willie Nelson’s 90th Birthday Celebration and the New Orleans Jazz Festival including dates, venues, artists on the lineup and the cheapest tickets available.  While Weir will run laps around performers 50 years his junior this year, many of his peers from classic rock’s heyday are set to tour just as tirelessly in the next few months. Here are just five of our favorite, can’t miss classic rockers you won’t want to miss on the road this year. • Bruce Springsteen and the E Street Band • Billy Joel with Stevie Nicks • Lynyrd Skynyrd with ZZ Top • Robert Plant with Alison Krauss • Jimmy Buffett Don’t worry. We’ve got even more for you. Check out our list of the 22 biggest classic rockers on tour in 2023 here.