A quality mop is, undeniably, a household staple — much like your trusty robot vacuum and go-to all-purpose cleaner. And, much like washing your bed sheets, there’s simply no better feeling than prancing around a shiny, dust and debris-free floor. That’s where a quality mop comes in. (Related: best vacuums we reviewed). To help you shop for the best one for (1) your space and (2) your cleaning needs, the New York Post Shopping team tested six mops from top brands like Bissell, roborock and Swiffer to put well-reviewed models head-to-head (or, rather, solution-to-floor). We’ve been using some models for upwards of four years, while others were recently paraded around our hard floors. Nevertheless, each mop has been tested for at least two weeks. “You’ll want a mop that is high quality and versatile, as I always say, you get what you pay for,” Melissa Maker, founder of Toronto-based cleaning service, Clean My Space (and author of her brand’s accompanying cleaning book), told the New York Post. “A cheaper, flimsy mop can’t tackle ground in dirt and it’s not going to last you a long time. You also want a mop that suits your lifestyle and the kind of flooring you have; a pet parent with laminate will need a different mop than someone who has no pet and all tile.” Additionally, Maker highlights the 411 on mops — including what to look for and how to best use them — in our in-depth FAQ section. Here’s the New York Post Shopping testing criteria when reviewing mops: When I first used the Bissell SpinWave Cordless Hard Floor Spin Wave, I was instantly amazed by its unique spinning technology that provides a 360-degree cleaning experience to pick up dirt and debris from corners and hard-to-reach places. It’s the perfect size, too; not too flimsy and not too bulky. I love that it came with two reusable microfiber pads and detergent. When you’re in need of a restock, the Hard Floor Sanitize Formula (64oz) is $17, while its Multi-Surface Formula (64oz) and Eucalyptus Mint Sanitize Formula (32oz) range from $14 to $17. It’s also one of the simplest to use: start by inserting the corresponding solution into its slot and start mopping away. While there aren’t a litany of speed settings, there isn’t a need for them; the rotating spinning heads effectively remove debris. Plus, they’re washer-dryer safe when you’d want to give them a clean. This portion of the review was written by Victoria Giardina, commerce journalist and content strategist I have been using the Swiffer WetJet Hardwood Spray Mop Cleaner for years. It has practically traveled with me to my college apartment and now lives rent-free in my laundry room. It’s a stellar model (that also boasts more than 42,000 rave reviews on Amazon), namely for its compact size, simple execution and it-does-the-job make. Though ultra-affordable, it does have its setbacks: it’s not the best for picking up large debris (but, if you mop often, this isn’t a huge deal-breaker) and it may leave streaks if you spray too much solution at once. But, if you’re not looking to spend upwards of $1,000 on a mop, this is your best bet. This portion of the review was written by Victoria Giardina, commerce journalist and content strategist OK, I know what you’re thinking: $1,000 for a mop? Are you ridiculous? I had the same thought myself, but after months of testing, I can certainly stay its a home device that’ll (1) last for years and (2) is highly efficient. Given that it’s app-paired and memorizes your specific floor plans, you’d think there would be a high learning curve. Surprisingly, I found myself learning how to use this spinster quite quickly (and, because it’s a smart mop, I can shower or paint my nails as it’s running!) It doesn’t require any liquid detergent (only water) and it mops and vacuums at once. That said, there will be less clutter in your laundry room and less steps when it comes to cleaning your floors. While it has bumped into a few cords on the floor, I value that it doesn’t scuff up my floor molding or furniture legs. What’s more, it’s perfect at venturing from room-to-room on one level and can even make its way above area rugs. I never find much debris left over, either. This portion of the review was written by Victoria Giardina, commerce journalist and content strategist Part-mop, part-vacuum, the Bissell CrossWave HydroStream Plus Wet Dry Vac is a new launch from the brand that’s more vacuum-like than other mops tested, though still sanitizes and steams away your debris. What’s great about this mop, compared to others I tested, is how versatile it is from room to room. If you need to clean your hardwood floors, laminate or tile, there’s virtually no guesswork. More, it’s durably made and doesn’t take long to charge. While it doesn’t stay fully upright, it’s great for small and large spaces alike. It’s also wonderful because you’ll never come in contact with dirt and debris until you empty a tank (as you would for your vacuum). This portion of the review was written by Victoria Giardina, commerce journalist and content strategist The BLACK+DECKER 8-in-1 Steam Mop (with a glove, let’s not forget) is one of the best for customized cleaning. Consider it a mop that’s also your finest all-purpose cleaner. Specifically, it does a great job at controlling steam — how much you want, and when you want it. Its steam also heats up quickly (in 20 seconds to be exact), making (1) your floors impressively shiny and streak-free and (2) lessening your overall cleaning time. This portion of the review was written by Victoria Giardina, commerce journalist and content strategist We reviewed the Shark AI Ultra Robot Vacuum & Mop and it’s a unique mop-vacuum hybrid that’s offered in multiple variations, depending on your budget. Breaking it down, the robot comes with two attachments: a regular vacuuming self-empty dust bin and a vacuum and mop 2-in-1 dust bin. The latter has a reservoir for water and a cleaning solution the robot vac uses to  mops floors while also simultaneously vacuuming, eliminating the need to vacuum before you mop. It uses Shark’s trademark Sonic Mopping feature as well, getting floors clean the first time, without needing to go over any missed spots. This portion of the review was written by Sophie Cannon, senior commerce journalist and special projects coordinator We turned to Melissa Maker, founder of Toronto-based cleaning service, Clean My Space (and author of her brand’s accompanying cleaning book), who provided expertise on what to look for in a quality mop, the different mops on the market, how to use them and more. Ahead, Maker lists some criteria to keep in mind when shopping for a brand-new mop: Ahead, Maker explains each mop that you can find on the market, how they differ and what floors they’re best used on: Of course, this depends on your lifestyle (how tidy you are, how often you are home), how many people live at home (less mopping for less people) and whether you have pets (they make floors dirtier). “My kitchen and bathroom get mopped at least once a week, and my living spaces (rec room, offices, bedrooms, etc.) much less so, perhaps once a month or more frequently as needed (this is because I have hardwood and they do not like to be wet mopped),” Maker explains. “We vacuum the hardwood two to three times per week since we have a young child and a cat and we do not wear shoes inside the house.” However, Melissa mops tiled spaces more frequently because these floors can withstand it. “Knowing your lifestyle and habits will dictate how frequently you should mop; and looking at the floors will be the ultimate tell: if they have splash marks, dull marks or stains, then you know it’s time,” she adds. Ahead, Maker provides a step-by-step guide for mopping your floors like a pro: Above all else, working smarter and not harder is the goal. That said, there are a few tips and tricks Maker notes that you should keep in mind while mopping. “If using a bucket, place a ‘coaster’ underneath (a dry cloth) so that the bucket doesn’t leave a water ring or splashes are easily picked up by the cloth,” she recommends. “In general, you can wet mop most floors without any issue, but you never want to soak the surface as it can cause permanent damage and it’s not necessary.” The exception is hardwood or plank flooring, and in this case you really want to stay away from excess moisture as much as possible. Additionally, your pad should be damp, not wet. “When I mop with my taco mop, the floor is dried within seconds of me finishing,” she adds. “High-polish flooring such as certain ceramic or porcelain tile, slate or marble, would definitely benefit from a dry wipe afterward to leave that high-polish shine.” It seems like an oxymoron — cleaning your cleaning device. But, just like cleaning your dishwasher, it should be done regularly to (1) ensure longevity of your mop and (2) keep things sanitary. “Rinse any mop head, regardless of the type, after each use to remove detergent, dirt and debris,” Maker begins. “Following this, I believe flat-head mop and steam mop pads should be laundered after each use. I would also recommend spin or twist mop heads get laundered frequently as well or at the very least, rinsed well and air dried.” Steam mops will come with them, but generally a mop should have one type of head or pad. “Pad-style mops may come with different types of pads for different uses, and can be used in different parts of the home,” Maker notes. Some mops come with a release-style mechanism so you’re never touching debris that your mop recently picked up. It’s certainly not a deal-breaker, but a surefire bonus if it comes with one. “It’s definitely convenient to have one for a spin or twist mop, and unless you’re mopping up a corrosive substance, there’s no reason why you can’t use your hands to release the mop head or pads after use,” Maker points out. “If you’re feeling iffy about touching the dirty mop head or pads, a pair of rubber cleaning gloves will suffice.” Unfinished or waxed wood flooring you would want to avoid mopping, and specialty floors such as certain types of cork or rubber flooring (that you may see in an at-home gym) will have to be cleaned according to manufacturer’s or installer’s instructions, per Maker. According to Maker, your mop handle should last if you’re buying a good quality one. “Pads or heads should be replaced when they look worn or discolored,” she advises. “When it comes to cleaning tools and supplies, I like to ‘buy once, buy well,'” Maker notes (which is why it’s important, in our opinion, to invest in a quality one we reviewed). “I find that if I make an initial investment in good quality items, they’ll last and do their job better so I don’t have to work as hard, or spend more money replacing items that are constantly breaking or falling apart.” Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.