‘Between [Schiff and Swalwell], they’ve got 20 years of intelligence oversight, and that evidently is gone now . . . That makes us a less safe country.’ — Rep. Jim Himes (D-Conn.), Sunday We say: Himes claims Speaker Kevin McCarthy’s decision to toss Reps. Adam Schiff and Eric Swalwell off the Intelligence Committee will hurt national security. Yet for years Schiff hyped non-existent Russia-Trump collusion, even claiming (falsely) he’d seen evidence proving it. Swalwell got duped by a suspected female Chinese spy and lied about Russian meddling. Keeping these two off this sensitive committee can only make the nation safer. We say: Apparently, even former Assistant Secretary of Education Diane Ravitch doesn’t believe her tweet that the best choice for kids is always “your local public school”: After all, she sent her kids to private school. ‘Under DeSantis, Florida’s gone from “don’t say gay” to “don’t say black.”’ — MSNBC’s Mehdi Hasan, Sunday We say: When a lie works, recycle it! That seems to be Hasan’s thinking in reviving the claim that Fla. Gov. Ron DeSantis banned mention of gays in schools —  a myth liberal media aggressively spread — as he now falsely claims the gov’s banning black history. The truth? What DeSantis banned was a new AP course that included a woke bid to indoctrinate. Indeed, the College Board, which prepared the course, apparently agreed with DeSantis: It removed the offending parts. We say: Washington Post columnist Philip Bump claims Rep. Ilhan Omar, whom House Republicans booted from the Foreign Relations Committee Thursday, was singled out because she’s Muslim. Please. Her numerous anti-Semitic (and anti-American) statements certainly made her a legitimate candidate to be axed all by themselves. Or does Bump think she should get a pass because she’s Muslim? ‘We don’t need an emergency power to use the HEROES Act [to cancel student debt].’ — WH spokeswoman Karine Jean-Pierre, Wednesday We say: Team Biden first claimed the HEROES Act (meant for military personnel dispatched after 9/11) could be used to cancel student debt, since COVID qualified as an “emergency” under the act. That was always a stretch, but now that President Biden is set to cancel remaining COVID emergency declarations, Jean-Pierre argues the WH doesn’t even need “emergency power” to write off the loans. Can they make it any more obvious that they just make this stuff up as they go along? — Compiled by The Post Editorial Board