The end is near for James Corden and “The Late Late Show.” The last broadcast of the late-night show is set for April 27 — and CBS plans to air a prime-time special that same night to say its goodbyes. Corden, 44, who has hosted the show since March 2015, will be joined by Tom Cruise, 60, for a big sketch during the special. The big sendoff even includes a costumed caper: Corden and Cruise will team up for a live stint as the characters Pumbaa and Timon, respectively, during a performance of “The Lion King” at LA’s Pantages Theatre. Cruise has made several appearances on the late-night show doing skits and bits with Corden, including a time he joked that Corden got “fired” from his job. “It’s such a privilege to be here. I’m sorry about the news, I’m sorry you got fired,” quipped Cruise during a May 2022 appearance. “I’m here for you tonight, whatever you need,” he continued. “I would not have fired you. I’m here for you if you need anything.” More details about the prime-time special will be announced by CBS in the coming weeks, as well as special guest stars who will join Corden during his final moments on-air. Corden is the fourth person to host “The Late Late Show” — and the last. CBS recently revealed that after almost three decades, the network will be ending the franchise with Corden’s departure. They’re expected to replace the time slot with a reboot of Comedy Central’s series “@midnight,” executive-produced by “The Late Show” host Stephen Colbert, according to Deadline. The British talk show host announced his departure in April 2022, just before renewing his contract for an eighth and final year. He revealed on “The Drew Barrymore Show” that his decision to leave was a “very easy” one. “Look, it’s not easy in any way to walk away from something that is so … I mean I’ll never work in a better environment than the one I work in now,” he said in January. “Nothing about leaving the show was to do with not enjoying it. I love it, but the truth is it became a very easy decision because I always knew it was an adventure and I never ever considered it to be the final destination.” Corden admitted that if he wanted to continue his time in the desk chair, it couldn’t have been “at the expense of [his] children.” “That is really all it comes down to,” the actor said. “I will know at my core that the best thing for me and the best thing for us as a family is to put down some roots in London, and it feels absolutely right in every single way.” Corden’s departure comes as public opinion of him has shifted amid recent controversies — and subsequently being someone who was considered “canceled” in 2022. In October, Corden made headlines after reportedly screaming at waitstaff at New York’s iconic Balthazar restaurant, which initially earned him a lifelong ban. “James Corden is a Hugely gifted comedian, but a tiny Cretin of a man. And the most abusive customer to my Balthazar servers since the restaurant opened 25 years ago,” owner Keith McNally, 71, wrote in a scathing Instagram post. McNally later forgave the actor-turned-broadcaster, saying that he is a firm believer in second chances. After insisting he hadn’t “done anything wrong, on any level,” Corden addressed the Balthazar drama on his show, admitting he “deeply” regrets being so “rude.” Corden apologized to McNally over the phone and said he was working on anger issues he developed during his rise to stardom. “Feeling strange about the James Corden thing,” McNally wrote on Instagram after he received the apology. “On the one hand, he was definitely abusive to my staff, on the other hand, I feel really sorry for him right now. “Like most cowards I want it both ways. F–k it, I’m going to get drunk,” he added.