Warner. Bros are looking to score a touchdown with this big-budget blockbuster. The first official trailer for “The Flash” dropped during the Super Bowl on Sunday night, sending fans into overdrive. The three-minute trailer is the first new footage from the film that has been released in over a year. It also marks the first major showcase of a Warner Bros. movie at the Super Bowl in 17 years. The comic book flick — which has faced multiple delays and is finally set for release in June — will see troubled actor Ezra Miller reprise their role as Barry Allen/ The Flash. Miller, 30, last appeared as the character in 2016’s “Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice.” In the forthcoming film, Allen is set to travel back in time to save his mother from murder, which in turn interrupts his own timeline with unintended repercussions. The trailer is the first promotional material for the film since Miller — who is nonbinary and uses they/them pronouns — made headlines last summer for assault and abuse allegations on top of other legal woes. Earlier this month, Miller pleaded guilty to a misdemeanor unlawful trespass in a Vermont burglary case. Back in August, the troubled star broke their silence in a statement provided to Variety, saying they would seek treatment for “complex mental health issues.” “Having recently gone through a time of intense crisis, I now understand that I am suffering complex mental health issues and have begun ongoing treatment,” Miller declared. “I want to apologize to everyone that I have alarmed and upset with my past behavior. I am committed to doing the necessary work to get back to a healthy, safe and productive stage in my life.” “The Flash” is expected to play a big role in the evolution of the DC Universe, with studio exec James Gunn, 56, saying the film resets the entire DCU and is “a fantastic movie that I really love.” Peter Safran — who is co-CEO of DC Studios alongside Gunn — expressed his support for Miller but left unspoken whether the actor would reprise the role in any future projects. “Ezra is completely committed to their recovery. We’re fully supportive of that journey that they’re on right now,” Safran said. “When the time is right, when they feel they are ready to have the discussion, we’ll all figure out what the best way forward is,” he added. “But right now, they are completely focused on their recovery. And in our conversations with them over the last couple of months, it feels like they’re making enormous progress.” “The Flash” is set to hit theaters June 16.