Do you even lift, bra? A woman named Keyona has gone viral on TikTok for putting powerlifters to shame by hoisting a giant table aloft using just her outsized breasts. A video showcasing her impromptu furniture rack has amassed over 45.8 million views on TikTok. The abundantly buxom gal — who goes by @keyonat@3 — had filmed the stunt in response to another influencer named @joss_maura, who posted a video of herself lifting a plastic storage container with one of her cans. Needless to say, this proved to be mere child’s play in the realm of literal chest-pressing. In the impressive clip, Keyona can be seen using her cumbersome cans to hold the unwieldy 28-pound table against her abdomen like forklift grippers. She then swivels around with her hands in the air to show that she’s not grasping it with anything other than her mountainous mammaries. Needless to say, her unusual feat of strength astonished viewers TikTok with one awestruck gawker exclaiming: “When I tell you my jaw DROPPED.” “I think this is how the pyramids were built,” quipped one TikTok wit, while another wrote, “This would be so helpful when moving.” A third joked about an apocryphal scenario, in which someone asks what she brings to the table, whereupon she replies “I am the table.” “How did you realize you could do this,” wondered one commenter, prompting Keyona to post a follow-up video showing a different angle of her table-lifting stunt. Hoisting tables aren’t the only routine in Keyona’s cleavage-based act: She also posted a video of herself holding a 45-pound barbell aloft under the weight of her bosom. Keyona said she’d filmed the stunt to disprove haters who claimed it was “fake” or that she was using tape or rope to prop up the table. Either way, we smell a new “Strongman” competition spinoff in the near future. Unfortunately, having ample assets isn’t the superpower some might think it is. In January, a Russian model with 34KK-size cans claims she constantly knocks things over, hits people in public, and even causes drivers to nearly crash because they can’t keep their eyes off her behemoth breasts.