Massachusetts mom Lindsay Clancy — who is accused of strangling her three young kids — remains hospitalized and is “improving daily” after trying to take her own life during the horrific attack, a top police official said. “I don’t have her current condition,” Duxbury Police Chief Michael Carbone told the New Haven Register in an email. “She is, however, improving daily and has spoken to family and friends.” Clancy, 32, who was on leave as a labor and delivery nurse at Massachusetts General Hospital, was injured when she jumped out a window of her Duxbury home after allegedly attacking her children. She is charged with murdering 5-year-old daughter Cora, 3-year-old son Dawson and attempting to kill 8-month-old son Callan, who died at a hospital Friday. Police and Plymouth DA Timothy Cruz’s office are working to schedule an arraignment — but that will depend on Clancy’s condition, Carbone told the news outlet. Her grandmother, Rita Musgrove, said she didn’t know what Clancy was doing and was unsure how the tragedy will play out. “Everything is so difficult right now. We really don’t know,” Musgrove told Hearst Connecticut Media by phone. Clancy allegedly carried out the shocking attempted murder-suicide after her husband, Patrick, stepped out briefly to pick up a takeout order. Prior to the tragedy, Clancy had shared on social media about her struggles with anxiety in new motherhood. NBC Boston has reported that she suffered from postpartum depression, though family members did not respond to questions about whether she also dealt with postpartum psychosis — a little-discussed condition that experts say is often compounded by shame and guilt. “Any parent knows, it’s impossible to understand how much you will love your kids until you have them,” Patrick wrote in a GoFundMe post. “The same goes for understanding the devastation of losing them. Cora, Dawson, and Callan were the essence of my life and I’m completely lost without them,” he wrote. But he pleaded for the public to forgive his wife, whom he described as “loving and caring towards everyone.” He continued to have compassion for Lindsay, for whom he expressed support. “I want to ask all of you that you find it deep within yourselves to forgive Lindsay, as I have,” Clancy wrote. “The real Lindsay was generously loving and caring towards everyone — me, our kids, family, friends, and her patients. The very fibers of her soul are loving. All I wish for her now is that she can somehow find peace,” he added.