Robert Kraft wants Tom Brady to officially bow out in Foxborough. The Patriots owner told CNN on Thursday that his desire is to have Brady, who won six Super Bowls over 20 seasons in New England, sign a one-day contract so he can retire a Patriot. “Not only do I want it, our fans are clamoring for it,” Kraft said. “To us, he is, always has been, and always will be a Patriot. “We will do everything in our power to bring him back, have him sign off as a Patriot, and find ways to honor him for many years to come.” Brady, 45, announced his second NFL retirement in an emotional video posted to social media Wednesday morning, exactly a year after his first retirement. That ended 40 days later when he revealed he’d be returning for his 23rd season and third with the Buccaneers. The Patriots selected Brady out of Michigan in the sixth round (No. 199 overall) of the 2000 NFL Draft. He took over the starting job after Drew Bledsoe was injured by Jets linebacker Mo Lewis during a Week 2 game in 2001 and led the Patriots to a Super Bowl title that season, sparking a legendary career that includes 15 Pro Bowls and five Super Bowl MVPs. He’s also the NFL’s all-time leader in yards passing (89,214) and touchdown passes (649). “I am so proud of Tommy. He has accomplished everything there is to achieve in this game, and so much more,” Kraft initially said in a statement on Wednesday. “No player in NFL history has done it as well for as long as Tom Brady. He is the fiercest competitor I have ever known and the ultimate champion. He led the Patriots to two decades of unprecedented dominance. He is truly the greatest of all-time. “Words cannot adequately express the gratitude my family, the New England Patriots and our fans have for everything he has done. It’s been a blessing for me to watch him grow, first as a young professional on the field, but most importantly, as a person off it. He is one of the most loving, caring and passionate players I have ever known and I will always consider him a part of our family.” Brady said in his video that this time he’s retiring “for good.” He has a 10-year, $375 million contract to call NFL games for Fox.