Kaia Gerber’s new footwear isn’t a step up. Victoria Beckham shared a photo on Facebook of the 21-year-old model wearing ruffled heels designed by the brand Loewe, which kicked off a flurry of jokes online. Gerber was modeling the beige shoes for a photo spread for I-D magazine, as well as a black minidress from Beckham’s spring/summer 2023 collection. Loewe’s creative director Jonathan Anderson first debuted the Comic Balloon Pumps in September for the brand’s spring/summer 2023 collection. The heels, which are crafted with latex balloons in a ruffle pattern, are available for preorder in red for $1,850. Fans couldn’t help but tease the shoe selection and went wild in the comments. “Brilliant! You can wash the floor and do your knitting all while you ring the shop and demand a refund because your dress is falling to pieces,” one person joked about the fashion choice. “My mom used to have dusters that looked like that. But each to their own,” another one mocked. A third commenter chimed in: “I need those to mop the floors as I walk the catwalk.” “Looks like she’s had a fight with a bear and lost. think I’ll keep my 3k thanks for the giggle though,” a social media user penned. “Can not understand why anyone would think that was a ‘designer’ outfit worth spending a fortune on,” wrote another. Someone else scribed: “This screams ‘I just took a detour through a paper shredder on my way to rehab.'” Gerber, who is the daughter of 1990s supermodel Cindy Crawford and Casamigos tequila co-founder Rande Gerber, recently bashed the “nepotism baby” label. “I won’t deny the privilege that I have,” the catwalk queen told Elle in a profile published last month. “Even if it’s just the fact that I have a really great source of information and someone to give me great advice, that alone I feel very fortunate for. “Yes, nepotism is prevalent, but I think if it actually was what people make it out to be, we’d see even more of it,” she added. She referred to modeling as the “family business” and claimed that it wasn’t as easy to rise to the top as people may think. “My mom always joked, ‘If I could call and book a Chanel campaign, it would be for me and not you.'”