The Eagles have handled their Super Bowl 2023 loss to the Chiefs with class despite dealing with some unfavorable circumstances during the game, but star pass rusher Haason Reddick may have, understandably, decided that enough is enough. Many Super Bowl observers noted that the field conditions at State Farm Stadium were less than ideal throughout the night, with players slipping on multiple occasions and several Eagles players actually changing their cleats mid-game. NFL Network analyst Brian Baldinger, known for his film analysis on social media, posted a clip of the Chiefs offensive line, with right tackle Andrew Wylie blocking Reddick on a play where he appeared to slip while trying to rush the passer. Reddick did not appreciate it. “You made a video about how it was slippery all game,” Reddick tweeted in response to Baldinger’s clip. “And on this play it’s clear I slipped like I did most of the game. You know better than this Baldy.” Baldinger responded: “I know guys who changed spikes. Did you. Everyone was slipping all game. I wasn’t trying to show you up.” “I did and was still slipping,” Reddick replied in a second tweet. “Check your other video. You’ll see that my spikes are changed. Once again, you know better than this Baldy.” It wasn’t the first time that the Pro Bowler, who was tied for second in the NFL with 16 sacks in the regular season, has spoken out about the field conditions. “Most definitely, I’m not going to lie, it was the worst field that I’ve ever played on,” Reddick said after the Super Bowl. “You saw it, y’all watched the same game. Y’all watched the game, y’all saw it, there was a lot of slipping all over that field. It didn’t even matter, I changed my cleats, still had seven studs and was still was slipping so, I don’t know. You know, I don’t want to use it as an excuse, I’m not that type of guy, I’m not going to make excuses. Still props to them, they still won, they’re champs, they should enjoy it.” Reddick came into the game with at least 1.5 sacks in five of his last six games leading into the Super Bowl, but the Eagles as a team did not have a single one against the Chiefs. He did have two QB hits on Patrick Mahomes and a tackle.