The principal of Manhattan’s renowned LaGuardia High School is stepping down next month following a controversial tenure, The Post has learned. Principal Yeou-Jey Vasconcelos announced the move in an email to parents on Monday where she said she’s leaving the school, and the city Department of Education, on March 3 for a new job. “I will soon find myself with a new role,” she wrote in the email obtained by The Post. “I have been offered an opportunity to serve New York City students and families in a leadership capacity outside of the Department of Education. I have humbly accepted.” Vasconcelos was appointed to the top job at LaGuardia High School of Music & Art and Performing Arts in 2019 after previous principal Lisa Mars left amid backlash for pushing academic rigor too strongly at the music and arts-based school that has produced numerous stars. But the 41-year-old principal, known for her own musical talents, has been sharply criticized by some parents who argue she was dumbing down the academic standards. Vasconcelos and parents have tangled over proposals to cut down on Advanced Placement classes and reduce the number of class periods in a day. Parents complained the scaled-back schedule would make it harder for students to take core college-prep classes over a lack of time. One parent of a senior at the school told The Post Monday she was surprised about Vasconcelos’ impending departure. Manhattan resident Susan Ferugio said the principal was “never really on board with the mission of the school” that balances both instruction in the arts and academics. “As time went on it just became clearer and clearer that she was on not board with that mission,” Ferugio said. “I think she viewed the school more arts and tried to really water down the academics.” Vasconcelos is a 17-year veteran of the DOE, previously serving as a music teacher, assistant principal and principal before her leadership post at LaGuardia High School. The school has produced many stars like Liza Minnelli, Eartha Kitt, Robert De Niro, Al Pacino and Jennifer Aniston, to name a few. Vasconcelos wrote in her Monday email that her successor will be joining “the LaGuardia community at a time of great excitement, as planning for the next school year is just beginning.” LaGuardia is one of the city’s nine specialized high schools, but prospective students must submit either a portfolio or audition in a talent area for up to six different categories. Options include fine and visual art, vocal music, instrumental music, dance, drama and technical theater. “At LaGuardia, each of us are cast in the role of a life-time,” she wrote. “Each of us have our own given circumstances, with a shared objective to positively support student outcomes. I am filled with gratitude for all the relationships that have supported me in meeting our shared objective with the highest level of integrity.” “May LaGuardia’s equity lamp always burn bright,” she additionally said. Additional reporting by Susan Edelman