The bigger the room… Sandra, a home decorating expert who goes by the username @sandras.home.life on social media, took to Instagram reels to show off a simple hack that will leave your room looking much bigger than it actually is. The video has already reached over 10,00 likes on the social media platform and the look can be achieved in two simple steps. In the clip, Sandra showed off a small room in her home, explaining, “If you’re like me, and have a small, basic room like this, watch what I did with my curtains to make this room look bigger and a lot more elevated.” She began by putting her curtains on a rod, and advised her viewers to hang them as close to the ceiling as possible. “The higher the better,” she wrote in white-highlighted text over the video. For the next step, Sandra then explained that you should hang your curtains as “wide as possible.” “If you can, have the curtains cover the walls on either side of the window/door,” she wrote. The final product showed off the same room, but with a much different look–one that Sandra described as larger and “a lot more elevated.” In the caption of the post, she typed, “An easy and budget friendly interior hack is always going to win for me. I did this a few years ago and have never looked back! It really adds an extra touch of luxury to your home and helps with the dreaded low ceilings you get in new builds.” The Post reached out to the social media creator for further comment. In the comments section of her Instagram reel, many users were wowed, and thought that the decor hack did make a noticeable difference in her room. “Absolutely love it,” one viewer commented. “Does make the wall look bigger .” Someone else agreed, typing, “Oh that really did make a huge difference .” “I love a high position curtain rod,” another wrote. “Such a beautiful look! I’m obsessed with ours. Easy way to add elegance and sophistication to a room.” “Wow I can’t believe the difference,” one viewer admitted. “So elegant and the room looks so much bigger!” One user even admitted that the look reminded them of a hotel room. “Great idea!” they exclaimed. “Hotel room vibes (but in a good way!)”