WASHINGTON —  President Biden welcomed former President Bill Clinton back to “Congress” Thursday — during an event that was actually at the White House. The 80-year-old Biden gushed, “I’m so happy to be able to welcome my president back to the United States Congress — back to the United States Capitol, and he’s promised me that I’ll be able to sit at my desk tomorrow.” The cringeworthy moment occurred in the White House East Room as Clinton, 76, celebrated the 30th anniversary of the Family and Medical Leave Act. Biden is the oldest-ever US president and regularly confuses his own job title during public remarks. Biden has referred to his vice president, Kamala Harris, as the “president” at least six times — while referring to himself as a “senator” and “vice president,” using his past job titles. Clinton also spoke at the event, sharing stories about the impact of the leave law on people who needed to care for or spend time with relatives facing serious illnesses, such as a man caring for his terminally ill daughter. “These are President Biden’s notes,” Clinton joked at one point. “Why don’t I just give your speech? And you can give mine.” Former first lady Hillary Clinton, the 2016 Democratic presidential candidate, did not attend the Thursday celebration with her husband, who was impeached for perjury and abuse of power over his affair with 21-year-old West Wing intern Monica Lewinsky. Former White House Chief of Staff Ron Klain on Wednesday all but confirmed that Biden intends to seek reelection in 2024, even though he would be 86 if he completes a full second term. “I look forward to being on your side when you run for president in 2024,” Klain said, hailing Biden as a “wise, passionate, determined and fearless president” who was “determination to save our democracy and the soul of this nation.” Biden’s mental acuity is frequently a matter of debate, particularly after he asked “Where’s Jackie?” as he searched for the late Rep. Jackie Walorski (R-Ind.) in September, despite publicly mourning her death and even calling her family to offer his condolences in August. Critics also point to his regular sharing of false or embellished personal anecdotes. The president’s defenders say he’s simply prone to misspeaking.