A Tennessee man has been arrested after he ate two bags of chips that someone else had stolen from a convenience store and dropped on the ground, according to police. Joseph Braswell, 36, was charged with theft of merchandise after he was caught with crumbs on him from the chips, which were worth less than $5, news station WREG reported. The incident took place on Feb. 9, after another man got into an argument with a clerk at a Circle K grocery store in the area of Parkway Village in Memphis after she refused to sell him beer, the outlet reported. The unhappy customer grabbed an entire display case laden with hundreds of bags of chips and carried it to his car parked outside, as seen on store surveillance video. Along the way, a couple of snack bags detached from the display case and fell to the ground. After the thief drove off with his crunchy loot, Braswell walked by the parking lot and picked up two bags of chips that had fallen. Memphis police said the merchandise was valued at $4.98. A few minutes later, officers who were called to investigate the heist found Braswell across the street from the ransacked convenience store with telltale chip crumbs on his face. Cops reviewed surveillance video from the store and concluded that Braswell was aware that the snacks he devoured had been stolen. Braswell was booked into jail, where he spent several days before he was released on his own recognizance. Braswell’s mother told the Memphis news station she does not think it was necessary to lock her son up over two bags of chips that someone else had pilfered. She said her son needs help, but her efforts to get him a psychiatric assessment have been unsuccessful. “I try to get him assessed and every time he goes downtown for something like this, they never assess him,” the woman said. Online arrest records indicate that Braswell has a lengthy criminal record that includes multiple charges of domestic assault, driving without a valid license and probation violations. Two weeks later, police are still searching for the brazen crook who took off with the display of chips.