“Hogwarts Legacy” continues to summon negative feedback. The brand-new new game, which has faced a slew of backlash due to the continued fallout against JK Rowling, was labeled on Steam as a “genocide simulator” on Saturday reports Indy100. “Hogwarts Legacy” takes place nearly two centuries before the actual series takes place and allows players to forge their own destiny through their interactions with characters. “Hogwarts Legacy does not have a morality system, but players will encounter various quests and storylines that will influence the witch or wizard they choose to become,” reads the game’s frequently asked questions page. The FAQ page also states that players won’t be punished in-game for using the spells. The game will feature the three Unforgivable Curses — Avada Kedavra, Imperio and Crucio —  which can be unlocked through a series of character side quests. “It was important for us to give players who sought out to be a Dark Witch or Wizard an opportunity to do so.” “This is the ultimate embodiment of role-playing; allowing the player to be evil. Additionally, this was important because it comes from a place of non-judgment by the game creators. If you want to be evil, be evil,” said lead designer Kelly Murphy to Gamesradar. Much of the backlash for the game come after Rowling, 57, made several transphobic tweets. The game recently revealed the first trans character in the wizarding world Monday named Sirona Ryan, who runs the Three Broomsticks tavern in Hogsmeade village. According to the character, her classmates didn’t realize at first she “was actually a witch, not a wizard.” Several users have slammed the tag. “There are people in Turkey who’ve just lost their entire family. There are women in Iran being raped & killed for showing their hair,” tweeted one user. “There are still gay purges happening in Chechnya. There are literal concentration camps in North Korea. But playing Hogwarts Legacy = Genocide.” “yknow the fact that someone told me supporting hogwarts legacy is comparable to supporting mein kampf is just,” tweeted another. “Hogwarts Legacy” is set to cast its spell in April 2023.