When it comes to spring cleaning (or just organizing your home in general), containers will be your best friend. They’ll keep everything consolidated and tidy while storing in your attic, basement or storage unit and will make a massive difference between a heap of mismatched cardboard boxes and sleek plastic bins. When it comes to storage containers there are two types to choose from: the ones that are designed to be beautiful and organizational (usually smaller and being showed off in your pantry or bathroom) and the ones that are meant for durability and functionality (likely larger with a lid and stored away in your attic or garage). While we have an entire edit filled with fridge organizers to achieve a Kardashian-style fridge, this isn’t that type of article. Ahead find a variety of tubes to store your extra bedding, seasonal clothing, extra tech items, Christmas decorations — or really anything and everything you may need them for. With size, capacity, material, and price in mind, we rounded up the 10 best storage containers, based on Amazon reviews. For the large, heavy-duty container with handles that you need to stand the test of time, rain and grime — go for this Rubbermaid Brute 20 gallon pick. They stack well and are ideal for attics, basements and garages where abuse may be more apparent since they’re made with high-density polyethylene (HDPE), a sturdier and more temperature-resistant plastic than other options on the market. The Rubbermaid Action Packer is a pricey choice but incredible for outdoor use — whether you need a large container for your camping gear or even for the back of your pickup truck. This bin is made with durable HDPE, which is ideal when it gets wet for long periods of time. This set of six containers are made with a lightweight plastic material (so it may not be ideal for heavy-duty storage items) but a great option for those who are looking to store some smaller items in a handy closet that you wouldn’t want all the way in the attic. For elite closet organization, consider these under-bed containers that can fit a decent amount of off-season clothing. Due to the clear plastic, you can easily tell what’s inside without opening the lid, too. For a big load, we recommend the Rubbermaid Roughneck Bin that can hold a whopping 50 gallons worth of items. If you need more than just a couple containers and want to buy in bulk, go for the pack of four 27 gallon containers. We love these festive bins for Christmas decorations. Whether you’re looking to store ornaments, garlands, wrapping paper, mini Santas or other decor items — this pack of four will stand the test of time and won’t break the bank thanks to the less-than-$100s price tag. Another container you can depend on — the Rubbermaid Jumbo Clear Storage Container that can fit nearly 30 gallons. If you’re in the market for a little organization for you pup’s things and don’t want to look at the huge bag of dog food in your pantry any longer, this IRIS USA dog food container is on wheels and just $20. While we already told you that this article was more about large, durable tubs to store larger items — we couldn’t resist including these budget-friendly container set for the pantry. With nearly 9,000 raving reviews and on sale for just $30, what’s not to love? For more content, check out the New York Post Shopping section.