From fired-up feminist to fulfilled stay-at-home mom. Madison Dastrup has clocked close to 70,000 followers on TikTok showing off her life as a conservative wife and mom — but she didn’t always have such a wholesome lifestyle In a recently resurfaced clip, the 23-year-old mom-of-two revealed that she used to be an ardent supporter of the women’s rights movement and had no interest settling down with a man. “Me six years ago: a raging feminist, Miss Independent,” Dastrup wrote in her video, which saw her sporting a scowl. The clip then cut to the mom in a conservative apron with a broad smile on her face. “Me now: a conservative trad wife,” the Utah-based brunette’s caption read. The mom didn’t explain the reason for her turn to the traditional. However, Dalstrup, who posts under the username “@thereservedwife,” has become one of the leading figures of the “tradwife” movement, which sees young women ditch their careers to stay home and support their husbands by cooking, cleaning and tending to their children. In a  separate video, Dalstrup clapped back at critics who told her that the “tradwife” trend was setting women back by decades — but many were still unconvinced by her newly-adopted lifestyle. “It’s stuff like this that makes me question marriage. Does one’s IQ drop when they sign the papers?” one snarky viewer snarled. “Be a stay-at-home-mom if you want, but I wouldn’t do it without a cook and maid. I’m a mom and wife, not a servant,” another defiantly declared. The TikTok hashtag #TradWife currently has over 118 million views with women excitedly showing off their lives as housewives. Estee Williams, a self-confessed “tradwife”, opened up to the Post last month about the movement and why she chose to devote her life to domestic endeavors. “I’ve never believed that women should work full-time if a woman is married or has children,” the 25-year-old influencer said. “We as women have realized we CAN compete with men. Yes, but at what cost?” The Virginia-based social media star added: “I see women moving away from their roots to compete with men. That’s not the way it should be. We are women and we need to embrace that.”