Rihanna pulled focus at Super Bowl 2023 with her highly anticipated halftime performance — and the announcement of her pregnancy — but some viewers were distracted by one part of the show many seemed to have missed. It appeared that during her first time back onstage in seven years, the “Lift Me Up” singer grabbed her crotch and then smelled her hand. Before the Kansas City Chiefs defeated the Philadelphia Eagles, the pop icon performed some of her greatest hits, kicking off her show with “Bitch Better Have My Money” followed by a jam-packed setlist including “Work,” “Diamonds,” “Only Girl (In the World),” “We Found Love” and “Pour It Up.” But as she was singing “Rude Boy,” some fans at home noticed Rihanna doing the bizarre move. “So is it me or did Rihanna just grab her junk and then smell it and taste it?” one social media watchdog questioned. “Way to stay classy!” “Did Rihanna just scratch her crotch then smell her fingers?” another shocked viewer asked. “Gotta make sure her water didn’t break,” someone quipped. “Low energy and disgusting. Why did she grab her crotch, then smell it!! Horrible show for our kids,” a disappointed fan tweeted. Another added, “Apparently I’m the only person in Twitter who thinks Rihanna’s halftime show was terrible. Why is she touching her crotch in a show kids are watching? And why are her backup dancers dressed like hazmat COVID freaks that do those gross brain swab tests?” “Probably just me but I found Rihanna’s halftime show crude and lackluster,” one person wrote. “I don’t think rubbing one’s crotch and then sniffing your fingers amid a sea of pelvic thrusts-hers and her strippers-is art, much less entertainment.” The Post has reached out to Rihanna’s reps for comment. Meanwhile, most of the responses to her performance were positive and unbothered by the crotch-grabbing, with fans happy to see her get back onstage. “Rihanna said I’m not really gonna sing or dance and you’re still gonna gag,” one person joked. “The sex appeal Rhi Rhi has while wearing a baggy jumpsuit is seriously so inspiring,” another said. “This could go down as the best halftime performance of all time. That was incredible. Amazing stuff Rihanna. F – – k it I’m just going to say it. It was,” someone declared. “The staging and camera work for Rihanna’s #SuperBowl Halftime performance is astonishing,” another wrote. “Rihanna could tell me to do anything and I would do it,” one quipped. During her 13-minute set, RiRi performed some of her greatest hits — all while sporting what appeared to be a baby bump. Social media went wild during her performance, speculating that the singer might be pregnant again, and her reps later confirmed that she is indeed expecting baby No. 2.