Now that Kyrie Irving has demanded out of Brooklyn — and told the Nets he would prefer it get done before Thursday’s NBA trade deadline — what comes next? Let’s take a look at the conceivable outcomes and analyze how this situation could end up for the Nets and Irving — and fellow superstar Kevin Durant. A huge majority of trades — likely more than three-quarters — get done within 48 hours of the deadline, which this year is at 3 p.m. on Thursday. If Irving is going to get his wish, history says he could be waiting until the final hours to see whether a trade gets pushed over the line. Nets general manager Sean Marks and his front office are generally active and do their due diligence even in the best of times, and these times are clearly on the opposite end of the spectrum. They could be working overtime for the next week. Marks and team owner Joe Tsai faced trade demands/requests from Durant this past summer and James Harden at last year’s trade deadline, but the situations were different. Durant was under contract for four more years and was never a holdout threat. Harden was a pending free agent who had held out a year earlier while with the Rockets. Irving’s situation — as an unrestricted free agent — bears much more similarity to Harden’s than to Durant’s, and the Nets moved Harden essentially within two days of his request. Now Irving has made his own trade request, due to differences with the team and being offended that their multi-year contract extension offer included protections in the final year. Still, if Irving is dealt now and gets paid his 15 percent trade kicker, he’s only eligible for a two-year, $78.6 million extension with his new team until June 30. If he amends the trade kicker, he’s not allowed to extend with his new team, according to former Nets assistant GM Bobby Marks, now with ESPN. Irving and the Lakers have had mutual interest since last summer, when Irving threatened to opt out of the final season of his contract with the Nets and sign with the Lakers for the mid-level. Nobody took that seriously, but a reunion with LeBron James is still possible. The Mavericks (with Jason Kidd at coach) and Suns (with aggressive new ownership) are teams in win-now mode that have been mooted as possible landing spots. But a Western Conference executive told The Post the Lakers are far and away the most aggressive suitor. “I think there’s only one team that actually wants him,” the GM told The Post. And to be clear, he wasn’t talking about the one Irving is with. For now. Despite James’ prodding, the Lakers don’t have a ton to offer: Russell Westbrook, a first-round pick, other flotsam and jetsam. They could bring a third or even a fourth team into the trade mix to sweeten the pot. It also remains to be seen how much — or more accurately, how many fully guaranteed years — the Lakers are willing to offer Irving in a new contract. This is the option commanding all the headlines. But it’s no fait accompli, especially with it unclear how getting rid of Irving would impact Durant’s desire to stay. The Nets had the fourth-best championship odds in the NBA — behind the Celtics, Nuggets and Bucks — before the Irving demand saw them tumble to eighth. If Marks and Tsai decide none of the Irving trade offers are worth giving up on a title shot, they could decide to just let it ride. Would Irving be welcomed back into the locker room? He was after missing two-thirds of last season due to his refusal to get a COVID-19 vaccine and after flirting with a departure this summer. But could this latest drama be a bridge too far? “Brooklyn is so sick of him,” one high-ranking Western Conference executive told The Post. Sick or no, the Nets could try to convince him to stay the way they successfully did with Durant. But failing that, Marks could make the compelling — and true — argument that both sides would be better suited by a sign-and-trade in the offseason than if Irving signed elsewhere in free agency. A sign-and-trade opens up an entirely different group of destinations, teams without the cap space to ink Irving outright. It brings more options into the mix. It also benefits the Nets because they could get one last title run with Irving and then bring back significant pieces in return for him. When Durant decided to leave Golden State for Brooklyn, the Warriors convinced all parties to do a sign-and-trade, a move that netted them D’Angelo Russell (who later was packaged for Andrew Wiggins). It’s not a great option, but it’s making chicken salad out of chicken dung. Marks’ history — see: trading Jarrett Allen before he got paid — says he doesn’t let assets walk for nothing. But once Marks commits to keeping Irving past Thursday, it’s not entirely up to him anymore. He would have called Irving’s bluff, but the All-Star would be under no obligation to do a sign-and-trade. Unlike last summer, there are a host of teams expected to have significant cap space this offseason. But how many of them would a) Irving want and b) would want him? The Lakers would be the obvious leaders in the clubhouse with $33.4 million in space (with their current roster composition), according to Spotrac, and a presumed willingness to carve out enough to afford a max spot for Irving. The Rockets ($59.3 million), Pacers ($49.8 million), Spurs ($47.1 million), Pistons ($44.8 million) and Jazz ($42.6 million) each project to have more than $40 million, though those teams are in various stages of rebuilding and would be less appealing. Frankly, this option shrinks Irving’s pool of options. But if the destination he wants is in that pool, that may be enough. This really is one of three outcomes if the Nets don’t deal Irving, and it is neither off the table nor off-the-wall for Irving to remain with the Nets past the deadline. It wouldn’t even be surprising, based on what several league executives told The Post. Irving has been seeking a four-year, $198 million max contract from the Nets, and he received an offer in the past week, just not one to his liking. But the sides could keep negotiating. The Nets retain Irving’s Bird rights and still can extend his contract even after the season. The Nets already played a high-stakes game of chicken with Irving last summer and won, calling his bluff of leaving for Los Angeles. They could do it again. The Nets have been active in talks around the league of late, but they are moving strategically and haven’t felt the need to do anything immediate with Irving. Irving has been brilliant on the court, averaging 27.1 points, 5.3 assists and 5.1 rebounds this season. He has shouldered an even greater load lately with Durant injured, and is in line to start the All-Star Game later this month. There is no doubt the Nets are better on the court with Irving — and if they can bridge the gaps between them, could end up re-signing him.