Disgraced Rep. George Santos smugly reveled in his infamy during a fundraiser for House Speaker Kevin McCarthy last week, The Post has learned. A House GOP staffer who attended the event told The Post that Santos (R-N.Y.) was boasting to people, “I’m the most famous person in the room,” amid the constant firestorm surrounding his fibbing and investigations into his sketchy campaign finances and alleged scams. “People were rolling their eyes. Others were laughing or shaking their heads,” the staffer told The Post about the reaction to Santos’ braggadocio. “It takes balls to go to the Speaker’s fundraiser and say, `I’m the most important person in the room.’ Santos has no shame,” the staffer added. The 34-year-old freshman lawmaker admitted to The Post in December that he lied about his education history and was never employed at Citigroup or Goldman Sachs, which he talked up on the campaign trail. The lying congressman successfully leveraged his fake Wall Street work history and false claims of Jewish heritage for campaign donations during his race for New York’s 3rd Congressional District. Shameless Santos is also accused of using an imposter pretending to be McCarthy’s chief of staff to make calls and send emails to wealthy donors soliciting money during the campaign. On Tuesday, Santos announced that he is stepping away from his congressional committee assignments to avoid becoming a further “distraction” for House Republicans. Last week, the Department of Justice reportedly asked the Federal Election Commission to hold off on any enforcement action against the sketchy congressman as federal investigators continue their criminal probe into Santos. Santos is being investigated at the county, state, and federal level — with investigators reportedly keen on learning more about more than $700,000 initially listed in campaign finance documents as personal loans to his campaign. The FBI is also reportedly looking into a Navy veteran’s claim that Santos conned him out of $3,000 in donations in 2016 meant to go toward saving his dying service dog.