TAMPA — The youngest player in the Yankees’ major league spring training is also one of the most intriguing. Outfielder Jasson Dominguez, who only turned 20 this month, is getting a taste of his first big-league camp after putting together a strong season in the minor leagues last year. Though the hype surrounding Dominguez may not be quite as astronomical as it was when he signed for $5.1 million as an international free agent in 2019, he still enters this season as Baseball America’s No. 67 prospect. “He had an exciting year last year,” manager Aaron Boone said. “He went from A-ball down here in the Florida State League to High-A then to Double-A. Every step of the way, his plate discipline, his contact quality, all those things went up. He plays a really good center field, athletic, great arm. “We’re excited about him. Last year was a big stepping stone for him, so hopefully he continues to build on that.” Across three levels of the Yankees’ farm system last year — he finished with five games at Double-A Somerset — Dominguez hit .273 with a .837 OPS and 37 stolen bases in 120 games. The switch hitter could start this season back at Double-A Somerset, putting him in line to contribute in The Bronx potentially as early as 2024. After Tommy Kahnle threw 12 2/3 innings for the Dodgers last season in his first action back from Tommy John surgery, the Yankees are encouraged by what they’ve seen early on from the reliever. Kahnle, who threw a simulated inning against hitters on Tuesday, signed with the Yankees in December to bring him back to the organization he spent parts of four seasons with before needing elbow surgery in 2020. “It was obviously painful to lose him at that time,” Boone said. “But physically he looks really good. Another good step for him today.” For a second straight day, catcher Ben Rortvedt was missing from the Yankees’ workout, as he was still being evaluated by a specialist for a finger injury. Boone said he expected to know more about it Wednesday. After being acquired from the Twins last spring in the Josh Donaldson trade, Rortvedt missed most of camp with an oblique injury before needing knee surgery during the season. He is expected to start this year at Triple-A. Reliever Tyler Danish, a non-roster invitee, is scheduled to start the Yankees’ Grapefruit League opener on Saturday against the Phillies. … Right-hander Frankie Montas was scheduled to undergo arthroscopic shoulder surgery on Tuesday in Los Angeles. extra