Move over Brooklyn Beckham — there’s another celebrity set to show off their culinary skills. Pamela Anderson, 55, has revealed she’s signed on to star in a new Food Network Canada series titled “Pamela’s Cooking With Love.” The “Baywatch” babe’s surprise new career move was announced Monday — less than a week after the release of her hit Netflix documentary “Pamela, A Love Story,” in which she expresses uncertainty about her next showbusiness move. But the famed vegan — who hasn’t eaten meat in more than 30 years — now seems settled on a career as a domestic goddess, saying the show will see her working with a variety of chefs on plant-based menus inside her Vancouver Island home. “Creating elegant and inviting spaces that inspire a compassionate, calm and healthy environment has always been important to me and comes naturally,” Anderson said in a statement obtained by the Hollywood Reporter. The busty blond could be eyeing an unlikely transformation into TV’s next lifestyle queen, à la Martha Stewart, given that she also recently wrapped “Pamela’s Garden of Eden,” a docuseries that saw her working with architects and designers to restore her grandmother’s property on Vancouver Island. That show has been renewed for a second season, with Anderson set to film “Pamela’s Cooking With Love” and new episodes of  “Pamela’s Garden of Eden” concurrently this coming summer. Anderson is back in the public eye thanks to the new Netflix doc and her memoir “Love Pamela,” which hit bookstores last week. In the tome, Anderson dives into her toxic relationship with her ex-husband Tommy Lee. The pair share two sons, Brandon, 26, and Dylan, 25. “I’m not a victim, and I’m not the damsel in distress,” Anderson candidly writes. “I’ve made my choices in my life. Some obviously were made for me, but I’ve always been able to find myself again. And it’s created a strong person and a strong parent.” The star also drops a range of other juicy tidbits in the tell-all, writing that she also allegedly saw Jack Nicholson having a threesome at the Playboy Mansion. Anderson has been on the cover of Playboy more times than any other model and her career with the raunchy mag spanned 22 years. She first appeared as the cover girl for the October 1989 issue.