Porn site CamSoda is sending Philadelphia 1,540 gallons of lubricant infused with Cheez Whiz ahead of the Super Bowl. The greasy gift is meant to be applied to the city’s street and traffic lights and utility poles so its infamously rowdy fans can’t climb them while out celebrating their home team, the Eagles, who are favored against the Kansas City Chiefs on Sunday. The flavor of the lube is fitting for the City of Brotherly Love known for its Philly cheesesteaks — Cheez Whiz being the go-to topping for the signature sautéed steak sandwiches. The live-streaming adult webcam platform is delivering 28 drums, each containing 75% lubricant and 25% of processed Kraft cheese sauce. “We know the people of Philly love the Eagles, cheesesteaks and Whiz,” Daryn Parker, CamSoda vice president, said in a statement. “We wanted to lend a helping hand to the Philly fanatics — who have been known to take to the streets to celebrate a huge sports victory — including dangerously scaling light poles.” Two weeks ago, Philadelphia police told CBS they greased the city’s poles ahead of the Eagles NFC Championship Game with a product called Bio Bottle Jack Hydraulic Fluid ISO 32. However, after the team beat the San Francisco 49ers, fans still climbed them. Philadelphia Mayor Jim Kenney said he’s undecided about the pole-arizing issue. “I don’t know. Greasing the poles keeps more people from climbing up them, but it doesn’t stop everybody,” he said in a press conference on Tuesday. “So whatever the police thinks we should do, we do. But I’m ambivalent about the poles.” Officials are not disclosing their pole plans so as not to incite revelers, who look at the precautionary actions as a challenge. “Protocols for the upcoming game are being evaluated by the police department including the greasing of poles,” Joy Huertas, the mayor’s spokesperson, told NPR. “For public safety reasons, the city is not disclosing if/when the poles will be greased.” Sean Hagan, who climbed a pole last year when the Phillies won the National League Championship Series , agreed the preventative measures can have the opposite effect. “When we hear they’re greasing the poles, we hear that as a challenge, like ‘Grease them jawns, we’re going to come climb them,'” he told NPR.