The Post’s Mark W. Sanchez previews the NL East with MLB spring training set to begin. 2022: 101-61 Manager: Brian Snitker (eighth season) Spring training site: North Port, Fla. Key additions: The five-time defending NL East champs have been strong behind the plate, but might have grown stronger. Their biggest move this offseason was landing A’s catcher Sean Murphy, a Gold Glover with a solid bat who will work alongside Travis d’Arnaud. Atlanta’s bullpen, too, has been a focus, including landing former Yankee Lucas Luetge. Key losses: Kenley Jansen and Adam Duvall have gone to Boston and William Contreras to Milwaukee, but the largest subtraction will be Dansby Swanson. The All-Star shortstop batted second much of last season, when he drilled 25 homers and won a Gold Glove. The Braves let the $177 million man end up with the Cubs. Storylines to watch: Can Vaughn Grissom or Orlando Arcia replace Swanson, who was not only a star but a veteran leader? After letting Duvall leave in free agency, the Braves did not add a reliable left fielder. Will Eddie Rosario, Jordan Luplow, Eli White or Sam Hilliard claim the spot? 2022: 69-93 Manager: Skip Schumaker (first season) Spring training site: Jupiter, Fla. Key additions: With Luis Arraez, Johnny Cueto and Jean Segura, Miami brought in the reigning American League batting champion and a pair of two-time All-Stars, respectively. Matt Barnes, a former All-Star closer with the Red Sox, should help the bullpen. Key losses: Cueto essentially replaces Pablo Lopez, who was dealt to the Twins for Arraez. Barnes arrived from Boston, which landed Richard Bleier in the swap. The biggest blow to the clubhouse, though, will be the trade that sent sure-handed shortstop Miguel Rojas to the Dodgers. Storylines to watch: The acquisition of Arraez pushes star second baseman Jazz Chisholm Jr. to center field, where he has never played. Can the youngster handle the new position? The Marlins did not improve much offensively, which will put a further burden on reigning Cy Young winner Sandy Alcantara, who set a new career-high in innings last season. 2022: 87-75 Manager: Rob Thomson (second season, first complete) Spring training site: Clearwater, Fla. Key additions: Dave Dombrowski upgraded a team that just won the National League pennant chiefly by landing star shortstop Trea Turner. Their rotation should be steadier with Taijuan Walker and bullpen more imposing with Craig Kimbrel, Gregory Soto and Matt Strahm. Key losses: Jean Segura signed with the Marlins and Noah Syndergaard with the Dodgers. The most meaningful loss, though, likely will be Bryce Harper, who is expected to miss about half the season following Tommy John surgery. Storylines to watch: Is Turner, at $300 million, the shortstop and leadoff hitter Philadelphia has sought for years? Can he and the power bats (Rhys Hoskins, Kyle Schwarber and Nick Castellanos) carry the Phillies so Harper returns with the club in contention? If so, the Phillies have the talent to make noise in the postseason again. 2022: 55-107 Manager: Dave Martinez (sixth season) Spring training site: West Palm Beach, Fla. Key additions: Washington sought fliers rather than proven talent and will give playing time to former top prospects, including ex-Mets first baseman Dominic Smith and ex-Red Sox shortstop Jeter Downs, as well as ex-Tigers infielder Jeimer Candelario. Their biggest free-agent contract (two years, $13 million) went to former Mets swingman Trevor Williams. Key losses: A couple power bats in Luke Voit and Nelson Cruz are gone after largely disappointing stints, as is former first-round pick Erick Fedde, who will pitch in the KBO. Storylines to watch: The worst team in the majors last season is amid a full-blown rebuild. There is plenty of young talent, including Josiah Gray, CJ Abrams, MacKenzie Gore and Keibert Ruiz, and the Nats are content waiting for it to develop. Can Stephen Strasburg, who has made eight starts in three seasons, make a comeback?