Her Brazilian butt lift may have worked — but only in one cheek. One user on TikTok claimed that she almost died after getting the popular procedure as she developed necrosis in one of her butt cheeks, causing it to become bigger than the other. Alex, who goes by the username @conquistadolla on the social media app, has gotten more than 1.4 million views for her 59-second clip. Necrosis is the death of your body tissue, according to the Cleveland Clinic, and it can be caused by disease, infection, illness or having a lack of blood flowing to your tissues. The TikTok creator explained that she got the procedure done in 2019 and everything was going well — perfect, even — until she started to notice about six months in that one booty cheek was bigger than the other. “So the original doctor had me go get an ultrasound. The ultrasound said that there was a mass in it and there was fluid, so I had to get it all removed,” Alex explained. She said that she flew back to Miami to get her derrière fixed, but what was in her butt was “so thick” that the doctors weren’t able to help her. The creator then flew back home and after a long search finally found a reconstructive plastic surgeon to take care of it. “It was an emergency at that point,” she revealed. “It had festered so badly that it was an emergency. So, they had to cut my booty cheek open, I still have the scar, it’s horrible, to get all of my liquid and solid fat necrosis removed. And if I never found my doctor, it would’ve either been a very large infection or killed me.” Getting a BBL entails a doctor injecting fat from other areas of the body into the butt to make it look bigger — but it doesn’t come without risk. A 2020 study published in the National Library of Medicine shared that the death rate for a BBL is at 1 in 20,000. In another video, she warned viewers not to get a BBL — and to get liposuction or Sculptra, another type of injection instead. The Post was unable to reach the TikTok user for comment. In the comments section of Alex’s video, many applauded her for sharing her story about the potentially dangerous surgery. “You’re so brave for sharing this,” one user commented. “There’s probably so many girls who had complications that we don’t know of.” Another agreed, writing, “I’m so glad you’re alive & spreading awareness. I hope you find peace from the emotional trauma. Hugs .” “Necrosis is so scary,” someone else typed. “People need to talk about issues like this more because it happens more often than talked about!” Some even admitted that the video convinced them not to get their own BBL. “I thought about bbl …. I think I’ll just continue working out,” a viewer wrote. Another person seconded, “Yea I wanted one then my Dr. Said [sic] that it wasn’t worth it and to just exercise in those areas and eat healthy.”