The early deficits are starting to catch up to the Rangers. Falling behind by two or more goals for the third straight game, the Blueshirts couldn’t claw their way out this time around and ultimately lost 4-1 to the Jets on Monday night at Madison Square Garden. Winnipeg and its goalie, Connor Hellebuyck, may have been skating on the second night of a back-to-back, but the Rangers struggled to find the back of the net for the first time in a while. As a result, the Rangers’ point streak ended at 10 games. This wasn’t as sluggish a start as the previous two contests. In fact, the Rangers carved up the Jets’ zone in the first few minutes, but Hellebuyck kept his team in the game despite appearing in goal for the second consecutive night for the first time this season. Hellebuyck, a Vezina Trophy contender, was sharp for the full 60 minutes. He finished with a staggering 50 saves on 51 shots. The same couldn’t be said early on for Igor Shesterkin, who gave up multiple goals in the opening frame for the third time in as many starts. Shesterkin has now given up three or more goals in each of his last six appearances, but once again, the team in front of him didn’t exactly do him any favors — especially at five-on-five. Whether it was the Jets filling the shooting lanes or the Rangers’ reluctance to put the puck on net, the home team had a case of the too-many-passes. The perfect pass always seemed to be there, but when it came time to unload a shot, the Blueshirts repeatedly passed it up. This was not an isolated occurrence for the Rangers, who are simply built to look for the pretty feed rather than dirty goals. The fans in attendance couldn’t have shouted ‘SHOOT!’ any louder, and were seemingly yelling it even more than usual. Despite outshooting the Jets 20-9 in the first period, and ultimately 51-20 in the game, the Rangers emerged from the first period trailing 2-0. K’Andre Miller flipped the puck out of play and was hit with a delay-of-game penalty, which put the visitors on the power play and led to Pierre-Luc Dubois tipping in a Josh Morrissey shot. The Rangers had two power-play opportunities in the first period of their own, en route to four on the night, but nothing came of any of them. As their second power play expired, the Jets jumped on the rush and Mark Scheifele put in a rebound at 16:32. Just over six minutes into the second period, Winnipeg pulled ahead 3-0 when Kyle Connor wristed one right past Shesterkin. The Rangers were able to answer that one, however, as Vincent Trocheck banged in a feed from Vladimir Tarasenko to avoid the shutout. Scheifele later scored his second of the night with 4 ½ minutes left in regulation to cap the scoring. But that was all that broke through for the Rangers Monday night. For as much as the Rangers have been scoring lately, they’ve given up almost just as much. It was bound to catch up to them eventually once the goals stopped piling up.