The highly anticipated “Harry Potter” video game, “Hogwarts Legacy,” will reportedly feature a trans character — despite J.K. Rowling’s ongoing controversial comments about the transgender community. “Hogwarts Legacy” is set two centuries ago in the wizarding world created by Rolwng — where a witch named Sirona Ryan runs the Three Broomsticks tavern in Hogsmeade village. According to Entertainment Weekly, the character states that her classmates didn’t realize at first she “was actually a witch, not a wizard” — during a conversation concerning another character, a goblin named Lodgok. “I’ve known [Lodgok] for years,” Sirona says in the game, as per EW. “We met when I was waiting tables here as a student — well before I bought the place. He was cordial enough, but we weren’t friends then,” the character continues. “His mistrust of wizardkind ran deep… Hadn’t seen him in years when he came in a few months ago. But, he recognized me instantly. Which is more than I can say for some of my own classmates. Took them a second to realize I was actually a witch, not a wizard.” The Post has reached out to Warner Bros.’ Games for confirmation. Rowling, 57, has previously faced backlash for her views about the transgender community, forcing “Harry Potter” stars Daniel Radcliffe, Rupert Grint and Emma Watson, as well as “Fantastic Beasts” star Eddie Redmayne to make statements denouncing the author’s comments. The game’s official site states that Rowling was not involved in the creation of the game. It reads, “While remaining true to J.K. Rowling’s original vision, Portkey game developers chart new territory by creating fresh ways for fans to immerse themselves in the Wizarding World.” Recently, actor Sebastian Croft, who voices a character in the video game, responded to criticism he’d received concerning the British author, after revealing his part in “Hogwarts Legacy.” “I was cast in this project over 3 years ago, back when all ‘Harry Potter’ was to me, was the magical world I grew up with,” Croft, 21, said on Twitter. “This was long before I was aware of JK Rowling’s views. I believe wholeheartedly that trans women are women and trans men are men.” “Hogwarts Legacy” game director Alan Tew furthermore told IGN in January they were aware there is a diverse “Harry Potter” fanbase when creating the game. “I think for us there are challenges in every game we’ve worked on. This game has been no different,” Tew said. “When we bumped into those challenges, we went back and refocused on the stuff that we really care about.” Tew went on to say that he believes fans of “Harry Potter” fell in love with the Wizarding World for the right reasons. “We know that’s a diverse audience. For us, it’s making sure that the audience, who always dreamed of having this game, had the opportunity to feel welcomed back,” he continued. “That they have a home here and that it’s a good place to tell their story.” “Hogwarts Legacy” opens for play on Feb. 10, 2023.