When trekking on uneven terrain, you want to ensure that (1) you’re comfortable and (2) your feet feel supported. Sure, top-rated sneakers may do the trick (depending on where you’re venturing off to) but a quality pair of hiking shoes may be worth investing in — especially if you’re a serious outdoorsman (or woman)! Luckily, New York Post Shopping turned to an expert from the American Hiking Society (who has sojourned more than 10,000 miles, may we add) to load up our curated FAQ section with what to look for in a trusty pair of hiking shoes for both men and women, what they should feature and more. “I always say happy feet are essential to a pleasant hiking experience,” Wesley Trimble told the New York Post. “Hiking footwear is literally the foundation of the hiking experience, and no piece of gear is as important as great-fitting, supportive and adequate-traction footwear.” Aside from giving you the 411, we also picked 10 must-buy options to give you some shopping inspiration as the weather becomes sunnier, more bearable and apt for any level of hiking. Click to jump to a specific category: As a top budget pick, the Columbia Newton Ridge Waterproof Hiking Boot is worth the buy. Not only is the pair backed by more than 26,000 rave reviews on Amazon but it also hiked its way (ha!) to being an Amazon best-seller. It boasts a lightweight and durable midsole that has superior cushioning, along with an advanced traction rubber sole for slip-free movement on uneven ground. More, its lace-up detail will help keep your feet secure while walking downward or at an incline. Notable for being lightweight, the Merrell Moab 2 Vent Hiking Shoe are widely acclaimed with nearly 10,000 positive reviews on Amazon. The pair comes in a wealth of match-all colorways and its 100% pigskin leather design — with a mesh upper — ensures maximum breathability and comfort without being too clunky. Its bellows tongue helps keep out debris, too, and its protective toe cap ensures that stepping in puddles and uneven terrain won’t stop you from hiking to the max. If you’re on the market for a top-rated hiking shoe that’s equally breathable as it is equipped for all terrain, then the Columbia Hatana Max Outdry Hiking Shoe is a premier option to snag. Notably, its fully waterproof and breathable, the latter thanks to its exterior open-cell mesh design. Plus, this pair features the brand’s Adapt Trax, an outsole that provides wonderful traction in wet and dry climates alike. It utilizes a rather aggressive front and rear lug pattern that helps grip onto the ground, especially in looser terrain. Meet the adidas Hyperturf Adventure Shoes, “outdoor-inspired shoes for roaming the city, made in part with recycled content,” per the brand’s site. And yes, aside from urban areas, these shoes are equipped for hiking. With a durable lace-up design, this attractive pair boasts ripstop mesh, suede and nubuck, along with Adiprene+ technology and FORMOTION to help keep your feet feeling comfortable and supported. Not to mention, its allover sustainable design will make you feel good about your purchase. We would wear these shoes everyday if we could, and not just for hiking. The North Face has a pair thats’ comfortable, well-made and on-trend: the VECTIV Taraval Shoes. Though up there in price, they’re the only pair of shoes you’ll need, for a variety of reasons. The pair features an upper made of synthetic leather and breathable mesh to keep things light yet supported. Its patented OrthoLite X55 footbed, VECTIV technology and 3D TRU plate underfoot all work together to help maximize energy on the trail and allow for multi-directional stability. Its 4mm lugs help provide a rugged grip to the ground, too, and you’ll also appreciate its lightweight EVA foam to nearly glide past rocks and other nature-led sightings. From a much-searched-for brand that’s known for its no-frills, secure lace-up pattern, Salomon has a quality hiking shoe that’s flexible, lightweight and fully waterproof. The X Ultra Pioneer Waterproof Hiking Shoes also have an advanced chassis to help optimize motion control. With this shoe, you’ll also be snagging the brand’s patented SensiFit construction to hold your foot comfortably in place, especially on tougher downhill trails. In short, they’re a great pair to have on hand. The Skechers Selmen-enago Trail Oxford Hiking Shoe fits the bill at less than $40 right now. Practically, its darker brown color-way doesn’t appear dirtier, in comparison to other hues. Impressively, the brand has this pair equipped with air cooled memory foam, a blessing in disguise for those with flatter feet and feet prone to sweating alike. For the price, they’re the ultimate Amazon-sold option to grab. We love Allbirds, especially for its sustainably conscious designs in the footwear space. You’ll adore the brand’s Trail Runners SWT for an eco-friendly, snug-like fit that’s one of the best to keep your feet secure. Made with rugged outsole grips and tear-resistant ripstop mudguard, you’ll have excellent traction on terrain, along with unbeatable protection. More, its water-repellent finish will help prevent unwanted sogginess. OK, let’s be real — the Lems Shoes Trailhead Sneaker almost looks like a fine, outdoorsy pair of dress shoes, don’t you think? With a sought-after design, this Huckberry-sold pair is quite practical as well, as they’re engineered with a low-profile rubber tread that’s both durable and provides excellent traction. Its natural-shaped toe box — along with its slim heel – is another reason to buy ’em. Oh, and it’s retro-inspired upper is just the icing on top of the cake. For a sought-after brand that’s designed for running and on-the-go travels — like hiking — On has it going on, especially with its top-rated Cloudventure Waterproof Shoes. Its patented Missiongrip technology features a traction akin to a springboard, offering a bit of pep in your step as you’re trekking through terrain. Uniquely, the brand is Swiss-engineered to provide maximum comfort, breathability and durability, so this $150 pair is well-worth the price. It’s a hiking home run, of sorts. Ahead Trimble, communications and creative director at the American Hiking Society, gave us the 411 on hiking shoes. He has traversed more than 10,000 miles of trails including thru-hiking the 2,600-mile Pacific Crest Trail and the nearly 500-mile Colorado Trail, as well as submitted the 54 14,000-foot peaks on the Colorado Mountain Club list of fourteeners. Beyond thirty years of hiking and using everything from technical mountaineering boots to traditional hiking boots to trail runners, he’s also a volunteer trail runner tester for a gear review company and has personally used more than 35 trail shoes in the last decade. Sizing, shoe shape, and volume vary from manufacturer to manufacturer, but women’s shoes generally tend to run a little narrower than men’s shoes. “Some hiking shoe manufacturers provide multiple shoe widths, but women with wider feet may want to try on a comparable men’s size to see if the width or volume is a better fit,” Trimble notes. It’s important to note that everyone’s feet and body are different, so it’s not possible to provide a one-size-fits-all response or guideline. Below, Trimble provides some general guidelines as a starting point: “Footwear designed for hiking tends to be more supportive, durable and protective and provide better traction than standard sneakers,” Trimble explains. “That being said, for people just getting started, a good-fitting sneaker can be suitable for shorter hikes on easier trails and terrain.” What’s more, hiking shoes and boots will also protect the foot better than trail runners — especially for longer hikes. For most lightweight on-trail adventures, Trimble prefers trail runners for their breathability, weight, and flexibility. As mentioned, everyone’s feet and bodies are different, so everyone’s needs are unique. According to Trimble, boots are great for people who need extra ankle stability and support, but boots are often heavier, and they take a lot more time to break in and get used to. It’s also important to distinguish between hiking shoes and trail runners. “Hiking shoes tend to be made of more durable materials similar to hiking boots with a stiffer sole, whereas trail runners are more breathable and flexible and take almost no time to break in,” Trimble adds. “Hiking boots and hiking shoes tend to be more durable and will likely last longer, which is something to consider when pricing boots and shoes.” Ahead, Trimble explains each characteristic — from waterproof hiking shoes to a pair equipped for all terrain: Traditionally, hiking boot uppers were made of leather, but more and more boots use synthetic materials. “Shoes with more mesh will generally be more breathable but less durable,” Trimble explains. There are two approaches to locations with lots of water. “Some people may choose to use shoes with a waterproof/breathable membrane and try to keep as much water out as possible,” Trimble says. “Alternatively, some amphibious hikers are designed with lots of mesh and drain ports to quickly expel the moisture once it’s in the shoe.” According to Trimble, the latter is the best option for situations when the shoe will be fully submerged in moderate temperatures. “For travel, if people don’t need the extra ankle support and for easier hikes, trail runners or shoes are easier to pack because they don’t take up as much space,” Trimble notes. When packing hiking shoes, it’s best to pack socks or other items in the shoe to prevent them from disfiguring in luggage. Inevitably, even your best pair of hiking shoes will eventually get dirty. Not to mention, cleaning hiking shoes and boots can help extend the life of the shoes and help prevent the spread of invasive weeds. “It’s best to clean shoes every time you hike in a new location to prevent seeds from invasive weeds from spreading to a new location,” Trimble advises. “As far as cleaning and storage, it’s most important to make sure shoes are completely dry before storing.” Most shoes have removable insoles, so pulling them out after hiking will help the drying process. If shoes have a lot of mud and dirt, it’s a good idea to rinse them with a hose, in a dish bin or in a utility sink. Additionally, a soft plastic brush is helpful for removing dry mud. “For shoes with a DWR (durable water repellent) finish, it’s best to retreat the upper with a waterproofing treatment at least once a season,” Trimble adds. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.