LeBron James and his wife Savannah are heating up Instagram. The Lakers star caused a frenzy in the comments section of a recent post that showed Savannah modeling a Dolce & Gabbana look for the Italian fashion house’s presentation at Milan Fashion Week. “Ok now you just showing out!! ,” James wrote. “Get your ass home now and get what you can’t get in Europe! .” Savannah looked stunning in a lace black bodysuit and fitted puffer jacket by D&G. She stepped out in combat boots and carried a small black purse at the fashion show, which was also attended by Kim Kardashian. Fellow NBA WAGs hyped up Savannah in the comments, including Julius Randle’s wife, Kendra, and Bradley Beal’s wife, Kamiah. “Wow ,” Kendra wrote, while Kamiah added, “ATE !!? .” Karl Anthony Towns’ girlfriend, influencer Jordyn Woods, left a few fire flame emojis in the comments. Savannah has been in Europe since last week attending Milan Fashion Week. The entrepreneur and mother of three also attended the Gucci women’s fall/winter 2023 show while dressed in a grey suit by the Italian designer. “. You SO FKN COLD!!!” James wrote under a separate post that showed Savannah’s Gucci look. “King” James publicly refers to Savannah as his “queen” and isn’t shy about sharing flirty comments on social media. Although the couple is fairly private about their relationship, James often mentions his wife while discussing his career journey. Savannah — who has been by James’ side long before he signed his first NBA contract with the Cavaliers in 2003 — was sitting courtside at Crypto.com Arena when James surpassed Kareem Abdul-Jabbar to become the NBA’s all-time leading scorer in a loss to the Thunder earlier this month. The proud wife praised James for his hard work and dedication to the game of basketball in a congratulatory video. James then called Savannah “the real MVP” in a speech when the Lakers held a pregame ceremony to honor him as the NBA’s all-time leading scorer. While Savannah is living her best life at Milan Fashion Week, James and the Lakers are busy making a late playoff push. On Sunday, the Lakers pulled off a triumphant comeback after trailing by 27 points against the Mavericks. James finished with 26 points, eight rebounds and three assists in the 111-108 road win. It was the Lakers’ largest comeback since Dec. 6, 2002, and the largest comeback James has ever had in his career. Lakers coach Darvin Ham said after the game that James “is good” after the 38-year-old star suffered a foot injury while attempting a layup with 3:16 left in the third quarter. James fell to the floor during the play and was seen grabbing his right foot. The 19-time All-Star appeared to tell a few teammates, “I heard it pop,” as he was down on the ground. “Our medical people are looking at him right now, he’ll get reevaluated again in the morning,” Ham said, adding that he did not hear James say something popped “at all.” The Lakers are sitting in the 12th in the West with a 29-32 record. They are currently one game out of the play-in tournament.