“Hell” hath no fury like Shakira scorned. In the wake of ex-boyfriend Gerard Piqué’s shameless social media flaunt of his new love interest, Clara Chia Martí, 23, the celebrated “Hips Don’t Lie” luminary has fired off a thinly-veiled shot at her former sweetheart’s Gen Z sweetie. “There is a place in hell reserved for women who don’t support other women,” said Shakira, 46, while discussing her recent breakup with Piqué, 36, on the Mexican network Canal Estrellas Monday. Piqué, a former soccer player for Barcelona, with whom Shakira shares sons Sasha, 7, and Milan, 10, parted ways with the Grammy winner in June 2022 after 11 years together. He made his new relationship with Martí, a college student studying public relations, Instagram-official in January. Ahead of their breakup, Shakira reportedly suspected that Piqué had been unfaithful after finding a jar of strawberry jam — a condiment neither he nor their sons eat — in their refrigerator after she returned home from traveling. The rumored stickiness of their separation notwithstanding, Shakira now claims to have become pleasantly “self-sufficient” since getting jilted by her ex of more than a decade. “I’ve always been emotionally quite dependent on men,” the “Waka Waka” crooner confessed during the interview. “I’ve fallen in love with love, and I think I’ve been able to understand that story from another perspective. Today I am sufficient on my own.” She continued, “When a woman has to face life’s battles she comes out stronger.” “That strength comes out of experiencing a painful loss, accepting it, tolerating a frustration [and] understanding that life doesn’t always bring us what we want.” The Colombia-born belle went on to credit her sons with motivating her to overcome the heartache. “There are dreams that are broken and you have to pick up the little pieces from the ground and put yourself together again, and also be an example to my children,” she said. “I bought that story, that a woman needed a man to complete herself. I also had that dream of a family where the children had a mom and dad under the same roof,” the “She Wolf” songstress added before comparing herself to a fierce lady lion. “Now, paradoxically, I feel complete because I depend on myself,” said Shakira, “and I have two children who depend on me and that means I have to be stronger than a lioness.” For the sake of their kids, Piqué and the “Beautiful Liar” chanteuse privately penned a child custody agreement with the Barcelona court in late 2022. Following the parental negotiations, Piqué’s attorney, Ramón Tamborero, released a statement, praising the exes for prioritizing the well-being of their brood. “They have made a great effort for the good of their children, making sure they weren’t the protagonists,” said Tamborero. “Both of them have shown great intelligence.” And although Shakira’s former fantasy of raising a traditional nuclear family may have ended in an infidelity nightmare, the powerhouse performer said the endless love of her boys is sufficient. “You don’t achieve all your dreams in life, but life has a way of compensating you,” she insisted. “I think life has certainly done it with me with the marvelous two children I have who fill me with love every day.” And despite the pangs of heartbreak, the “Whenever, Wherever,” singer bragged that the ordeal has taught her that she’s more durable than expected. “Now I’ve got more confidence in myself. I didn’t know I could end up being strong,” boasted Shakira. “I always thought I was more fragile. It’s true that I’ve got a bit of everything but you have to have faith.” Shakira’s newfound serenity closely trails her suspected swipe at Piqué’s mother, Montserrat Bernabéu, who allegedly received Martí with open arms. At the top of the year, the “Te Felicito” musician reportedly attempted to taunt Bernabéu, who lived next door to her in Barcelona, by mounting a witch doll on the balcony of her home. The terrifying effigy, dressed in black with wild gray hair and a pointy hat, overlooked Bernabéu’s home. Shakira’s shady antics came just days after she released the scathing diss track “BZRP Music Sessions #53.” In the Spanish-language song, the untamed vocalist levels a bevy of barbs at Piqué for his bad behavior. “I’m too good for you,” she sings, “and that’s why you’re with someone just like you.”