Kristin Chenoweth is only 4’11”. What she lacks in height though, she certainly makes up for in stage presence. And now you can see Chenoweth’s stage presence on full display when the Tony winner takes off on her seven-concert ‘For The Girls Tour’ at performing arts centers, philharmonics and concert halls all over the country from Feb. 18 through May 6 this year. The short trek even includes a stop in the Northeast when Chenoweth drops into Morristown, NJ’s Community Theatre at Mayo Performing Arts Center on April 29. What can fans expect from a Chenoweth concert? From what we’ve seen, it appears that at each show, Chenoweth pays tribute to classic artists like Barbara Streisand, Dolly Parton and Andrew Lloyd Webber while also displaying her homespun wit and wisdom in between tunes. Of course, she’ll likely sing “Popular,” too. It’s not a Kristin Chenoweth show without it. So, if you want to see the “Pushing Daisies,” “Schmigadoon!” and “Wicked” star do her thing in concert this year, here’s everything you need to know about how to see The Good Witch live.  A complete calendar including all upcoming Kristin Chenoweth tour dates, venues and links to buy tickets can be found below.  Chenoweth, 54, has a pair of exciting TV gigs in the works. First up, she’ll return to Apple TV’s “Schmigadoon” with Keegan-Michael Key and Cecily Strong this April. In the six-episode second season, Key and Strong’s characters will stumble upon a jazzy, gritty musical universe inspired by “Chicago” (they’re calling “Schmicago”) rather than season one’s straight-laced, 1940s “Brigadoon” world. Martin Short, Ariana DeBose, Dove Cameron, Jaime Camil, Kristin Chenoweth, Alan Cumming, Ann Harada, Jane Krakowski, and Aaron Tveit all return; Tituss Burgess and Patrick Page have joined the cast as well. The Emmy winning actress also has a lead role in Paul Rudnick’s upcoming Disney+ series “The Biggest Star in Appleton.” She’ll star as Carol Dannhauser, a mother, wife and waitress in Appleton, WI, who gets her deepest satisfaction from small-town stardom at her community theater. That is, until a chorus girl with theater dreams of her own comes to town.  Many stars with pipes that can blow the roof off any house are on the road this year. Here are just five of our favorite singers whose voices you have to hear live to fully appreciate. • Adele • Beyoncé • Janet Jackson • Taylor Swift • Pink Looking for other exciting options? Check out our list of the 52 biggest stars on tour in 2023 here.