Looking for ways to simplify your life? If you’re looking for a gadget to help keep your busy schedule straight, while keeping you connected to friends and loved ones, look no further than an Apple iPad mini. There’s a reason this Apple product is beloved by so many — it lets you stream, play, and browse conveniently from anywhere. If the usual price tag has been the reason you’ve yet to join the iPad club, a refurbished model is a great way to fall in love with this Apple product. Aside from saving big, you always help the environment by preventing e-waste from hitting landfills. And currently you can score extra savings now through February 23 during the Refurbished Event and get this particular Apple iPad mini 4 for just $255.99, 64% off the usual price tag, with no coupon code required. An Apple iPad mini helps you tackle everything you usually accomplish from a computer, right from the palm of your hand. It’s tiny in size — just 7.9 inches — but don’t be fooled by its stature. It’s packed with plenty of power, including iOS 12 and an Apple A8 chip to help you seamlessly tackle multiple tasks at a time. An 8MP camera lets you take stunning photos and record videos, and you can store them all thanks to the 128GB integrated storage, which also allows room for downloading all of your necessary apps. A 1.2MP FaceTime HD camera makes staying in touch with your loved ones easier than ever, just hop on a WiFi connection and give them a call. This particular refurbished iPad mini comes with a pre-installed tempered glass, snap-on plastic case, so your investment will stay safe. It also includes a UL-certified wall charger, a lightning cable for powering up, and the original Apple box. The model hails from 2015 and comes with a grade “B” rating, so there may be light scuffing on the bevel or case or light scratches or dents on the body, but it will work as good as new. This deal is rated an average of 5/5 stars by verified purchasers. One buyer wrote, “The iPad was delivered earlier than expected and arrived in great condition. Great solution for our needs.” Get the Apple iPad mini for just $255.99 during the Refurbished Event, now through February 23. Prices subject to change.