Andrew Tate will remain behind bars after losing his appeal against a second 30-day detention this week as new details emerged about the sex-trafficking claims against him. The incendiary influencer and his co-accused — his brother, rumored girlfriend and an ex-cop — lost their bid to get bailed out Wednesday with a judge ordering them to remain behind bars until at least Feb. 27. A judge ruled that they had to be held in part because of the “particular dangerousness of the defendants.” On his way into court, Tate — who was handcuffed to his 34-year-old brother, Tristan — had yelled “You know I’m innocent,” while maintaining evidence “doesn’t exist.” However, new details emerged Thursday from court documents in the case detailing how the Tates are accused of heading a brutal crime gang that tricked women into the sex trade, allowing them to earn the riches they bragged about in their widely banned social media posts. The 61-page filing included dozens of translated WhatsApp messages Tate allegedly exchanged with a Moldovan woman accusing him of rape. He first met the woman, who was not identified, through DMs on Instagram in January 2022, before meeting her in person in London the following month, the docs said. Tate teased her by talking about the possibility of getting married, with the smitten Moldovan woman moving to be with him in his base in Romania just weeks later, in March, the filing said. In the messages, Tate reflected the message he commonly shared online, telling his alleged victim: “You must understand that once you are mine, you will be mine forever.” Once in Romania, she was raped twice by Tate as he pushed her into his human-trafficking operation focused on making porn for OnlyFans, prosecutors allege. A month later, one of the Tates’ properties was raided in Bucharest after the first accuser — an American woman who was also not identified — claimed she’d also been attacked while held against her will. According to prosecutors, the American woman met Tristan Tate online in November 2021, then in person in Miami the following month. She was also lured to Romania, this time by Tristan lying about “false feelings” and promising a serious relationship, the docs said. He paid for her airplane ticket, promised to make her “100K a month” and picked her up at Bucharest airport in April last year in a Rolls-Royce, the documents said. However, she soon said she was “very afraid” of the Tate brothers, who kept her in a house with armed guards and told her she couldn’t leave because of their “enemies,” the docs said. The inside of the house was also covered in surveillance cameras, and Tristan Tate once messaged her to say that he could see where she was and what she was doing, prosecutors said. The American and Moldovan women are among six alleged victims that the Tates’ and their associates brought in to “transform them into slaves”, prosecutors said in the document. However, two of those listed have publicly accused prosecutors of twisting the facts. “You cannot list me as a victim if I say I am not one,” one of the two, identifying herself only by the first name Beatrice, told Romanian TV last month. She and another woman, Iasmina, said they’d told authorities that the Tates were friends who willingly tattooed themselves with his name. The brothers’ attorney, Eugen Vidineac, said in court documents that all of the alleged victims “lived off the backs of the famous Tates.” “They were joyful and nobody was forcing them to do these things,” he added. Legal experts have said that Tate’s many controversial video statements — which saw him banned from most online platforms — could be used against him. In 2021, he bragged on a podcast about starting an X-rated webcam business in the UK with 75 women earning him $600,000 a month, while also saying his women are never allowed to go out without him. Up until last month, his website offered a course costing more than $400 that promised to teach “every step to building a girl who is submissive, loyal and in love with you.” “THAT IS MY SKILL. To extremely efficiently get women in love with me,” he said on the website until at least last month. In a separate YouTube video aimed at men wanting to make money by putting women on OnlyFans, Tate called the platform “the greatest hustle in the world.” Prosecutors say the Tates controlled the victims’ OnlyFans’ accounts and earnings amounting to tens of thousands of euros. OnlyFans spokesperson Sue Beeby said that Andrew Tate “has never had” a creator account or received payments. However, she said that the UK-based site had been monitoring him since early 2022 and taken “proactive measures” to stop him posting or monetizing content, without elaborating on exactly how or why. Tate’s lawyer, Vidineac, maintained that the influencer’s online persona was a “virtual character” constructed to gain followers and make money, and had “nothing to do with the real man.” A similar argument was shared Wednesday by a new member of the Tates’ legal team, Tina Glandian, a high-profile American lawyer who has repped Chris Brown and Mike Tyson. “It’s no secret that the Tate brothers are controversial public personas, but this is not about their public persona … this is about the violation of international human rights and the due process of law,” she said. “So far the system has failed,” she said. “The Tate brothers, who are both US citizens, have been in jail for over 30 days now without bail and without any charges filed against them.” With Post wires