They’re putting in the “Work.” Just like pop diva Rihanna — who, after proudly baring her baby bump during a high-energy Super Bowl halftime performance earlier this month, just announced she’ll be singing at the Oscars on March 12 — today’s pregnant women are getting the job done, no matter how physically demanding, often well into their second and third trimesters. In fact, a whopping 56% of moms-to-be are now working full time during gestation, with 82% of first-timers staying on until mere days before their due dates, according to the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists. And, according to a report from Institute for Women’s Policy, while less than 1% of the female workforce is employed in each of the top male-dominated industries that involve physically demanding labor — like construction, janitorial professions and municipal law enforcement — social media has become a popular place for professional mommies with particularly intense gigs to share their experiences. Here’s a look at some women who didn’t let a bun in the oven stop them from racking in the dough at their uniquely challenging jobs. Growing up poor with a single mom, Alejandra Paz had no idea women could become aircraft pilots. Her traditional Honduran upbringing dictated she become a housewife, taking round-the-clock care of her husband and babies. But for Paz, 31, from Los Angeles, that life wasn’t going to fly. She went from flight attendant to commercial pilot and then kept going — right up until the birth of daughter Jett, now a 1-year-old. “I got my certificate to become a flight instructor while I was pregnant,” she told The Post. “I was flying as high as 7,000 feet up until 5 days before I gave birth to my baby girl [in October 2021],” Paz added, noting that she obtained medical clearance from her doctor to continuing helming planes while carrying. Paz, also mother to Mars, 6, made the decision to upgrade her credentials during the pregnancy in order to begin teaching others how to fly immediately after her return to work in early 2022. “[Piloting] is a male-dominated industry, and I was the only woman [and the only pregnant person] in the course,” she said, adding that the most challenging aspect of becoming an instructor was having to pull a 2300-pound Piper Cherokee PA-28 plane out for flight each day at 39 weeks pregnant. “There were times that I wanted to throw up or to just lay down and eat a burger,” Paz said with a laugh. “But I’m so glad that I pushed through. If I can do it, as a pregnant working mom, any woman can.” Handstands, front flips, backflips, splits and cartwheels — they’re all in a day’s work for gymnast and Olympic gold medalist Shawn Johnson. So while pregnant with daughter, Drew, 3, and her 19-month-old son, Jett, keeping her athletic skills sharp felt like the natural thing to do. “People want to limit women when we’re pregnant and they say, ‘Oh, you can’t do this or that,’” Johnson, who is based in Nashville, Tennessee, told The Post. “But I was like, ‘No. I want to continue living my life.’” After getting permission from her obstetrician, the retired Olympian, who now works as a gymnastics coach and a media entrepreneur, hit the gym at least three days a week during gestation, executing handstand push-ups, trampoline flips and squats — with her unborn babies along for the ride. “It was definitely challenging because my center of gravity was all over the place,” she said with a chuckle. “But, overall, it helped me during delivery.” “As a mom, it’s important to feel empowered and prove people wrong when they say you can’t do something,” said Johnson. “It’s how we set a good example for our babies.” Climbing the ladder of success was a challenge for Jade Shepherd. After finding out she was pregnant in July 2022, the professional roofer immediately felt compelled to prove that she could continue scaling 40-foot buildings to replace or repair damaged shingles alongside her male coworkers without missing a beat. And that’s exactly what she did. “At work, I’m doing physical labor 8 to 12 hours a day,” Shepherd, 23, from Saskatchewan, Canada, told The Post. “There are times I’m carrying big bundles of shingles [up the ladder], which can weigh anywhere between 50 to 80 pounds,” said the expecting mommy, who is due to deliver her baby boy with roofer husband Rayne April 30. “There’s also power tools, guns, hoses, tool belts that I have to carry,” she said. “It can be complete hell, but I love roofing. It’s my life.” Shepherd continued working until she was 26 weeks pregnant in October. By then, her growing belly had become too large to fit into the safety harness she wore atop her wintertime work gear. (Owing to the harsh weather conditions in Saskatchewan, where temperatures can plummet to a frigid minus 30 degrees Fahrenheit, Shepherd often donned ski apparel to work each day). “I kept working until I literally couldn’t do it anymore because I wanted to prove to everybody that women roofers are just as capable as men, even when we’re pregnant,” said Shepherd, adding that she plans to return to work from maternity leave in August. “My doctor said to me, ‘Pregnancy is not a disease, you can do anything a man can do.’ And that [encouragement] is what kept me going every day.” For Madison Crowther, working as a coal miner up until she was 34 weeks pregnant with her daughter unearthed a newfound measure of self-appreciation. “I’ve always been strong,” the new mom of one told The Post. “But working in the coal mines throughout my entire pregnancy helped me find a new level of strength and perseverance.” Before doctors placed her on bed rest towards the end of her third trimester, Crowther, 21, from Colorado, who has a background in auto mechanics, maintained the vehicles and heavy machinery used to excavate coal in surface mines each day. During 12 hour shifts, the expectant mom was constantly on her feet, lifting heavy equipment and manning power tools. But her love for the work kept her going in her delicate condition. “Being able to do my job was very empowering. I became so much more self-sufficient,” said Crowther, who welcomed daughter Gwen in September 2022, and is currently on maternity leave. “That’s the example I want to set for my child as well as for other pregnant and working women.”