She’s seeking some Swift redemption. Taylor Swift look-alike Ashley Leechin is hitting back at Swifties who called her a “pathological liar” and accused her of resorting to plastic surgery to cash in on the singer’s success. She aired her grievances in a petition to “STOP FALSE DEFAMATION” posted to Change.org. “This petition shares me side & is to help stop cyber bullying, harassment & false defamation towards myself, Ashley Leechin, as well as others,” the 29-year-old mother of two declared in the post. She added that she does “not live like Taylor Swift,” explaining: “I have 2 children, a husband, a cat family & I am a licensed Registered Nurse who makes content on social media as well as pursuing an acting career. I do not aspire to write music, sing or play a musical instrument.” For the uninitiated, the Nashville native has been mistaken for the musician ever since she was 13, when a modeling agency stopped her on the street and said she looked like the singer, Rolling Stone reported. During the pandemic, the pop-pelganger started creating funny TikTok skits lampooning her alleged resemblance to Swift, eventually amassing over 1.1 million videos on the platform. While Swifties were initially amused by the sketches, they became critical after noticing that Leechin was emulating every aspect of Swift’s appearance, including sporting red lipstick and flaunting her kitten Sloan — almost a dead ringer for Swift’s feline Meredith Grey. In one clip, she even toured Swift’s old Cornelia Street apartment, although, as Rolling Stone noted, this is a common destination for Swifties. Many fans seemed to be irked by the fact that Leechin denied trying to look like the pop star. “If I gravitated toward Marilyn Monroe or Taylor, and utilized that for your everyday look, that’s not looking like someone,” she said. “You’re drawing inspiration from a celebrity. Which we all do.” Things came to a head earlier this month when the allegedly “Taylor-made” woman announced she’d been invited to the Grammys, only to later claim that her invitation had been rescinded for unspecified reasons. This prompted Swift’s rabid fanbase to call her a “pathological liar,” with some dubbing her the “George Santos of Swifties” in reference to the disgraced congressman. Meanwhile, other trolls compared her to Yolanda Saldívar, the obsessed fan who murdered pop star Selena in 1995. In the aforementioned petition, Leechin lists 18 points of defamation, in which she denies trying to pull a “Tay-lented Mrs. Ripley.” “Some Swifties have taken to the internet to defame my name & one in particular has a video on their page comparing me to a murderer,” the Swift cosplayer wrote. “This is not okay & should not be taken lightly.” The Tennessean also shot down accusations that she’d adopted cats that looked exactly like Swift’s and that she holds writing instruments in the same manner as the “Cats” star. “I do not write like Taylor ( I have completely different penmanship ) & hold my pen in such a manner that brings comfort, which releases direct pressure off the median nerve,” insisted the incensed Swiftie, who has been a fan of Swift’s since 2006. Elsewhere in the post, Leechin claimed she’d never gone by the moniker “Republican Taylor” as critics had claimed, explaining: “This was false information spread after another TikTok creator who baked cookies with Trump/Pence on the icing & used a green screen of Taylor standing with Biden cookies. This was NOT me.” “I am a (from 2019) registered Democrat (from my most recent card) who turned Independent,” Leechin insisted. The accused Swift impersonator also hit back at claims that she’d undergone plastic surgery to resemble the star. “As to the ‘work’ I have had done, I have corrected my smile & my bite after I was in a viral music video in which I was bullied for my teeth,” Leechin declared. “My teeth are not ‘exactly the same’ as Taylor’s.” The influencer added that she’d also gotten a “small amount of filler” under her cheekbone to compensate for extreme fat loss during the pandemic, as well as “28 units of Botox” in her forehead. “I have also experimented with filler in the past for a film/music video & have since dissolved them completely as I went 18+ months without re-filling,” she claimed. “The claims for why my eyes are wider are because I drink water & don’t starve myself like I did prior. I have never had a brow lift.” Ultimately, Leechin said the experience taught her that “some Swifties can be very cruel.” “Randomly bullying [someone] — I feel like Taylor Swift wouldn’t condone that type of behavior,” she told Rolling Stone. In fact, Leechin finds the criticism especially ridiculous given that she doesn’t really see the resemblance. “I don’t look in the mirror and think, ‘Holy cow, I look like Taylor.’ It’s just Ashley,” she said.