What’s better than one blowout sale from a trusted, wide-ranging furniture brand? How about two massive, concurrent blowout sales from a trusted, wide-ranging furniture brand? We’ve already written one story about Wayfair today, but if the deals don’t stop, then neither do we. In addition to their Flash Deal Fridays, which we covered today (Feb. 3), and the last two Fridays before that, today Wayfair is unveiling their Big Furniture Sale. And when they say big, they aren’t kidding. For one week only, score up to 50% off in every category of furniture you can imagine: sofas, dining sets, chairs, mirrors, lamps, sconces, rugs, carpets, mattresses, bedframes, art, desks, pillows, kitchen appliances, dog beds, and more. Phew – we almost got lightheaded for a moment there listing all of those markdowns. Below, we’ve whittled their gargantuan list of offerings down to 10 of our favorite deals on rugs, sofas, mirrors, chairs, and more. Read on, click through, and score huge savings on handsome furniture to refresh your home. But don’t stop there. Check out their site to scroll through their huge selection Big Furniture Sale offers (if you have a spare few hours), and make sure to take a look at their Flash Friday Deals today before they’re gone. Almost all shapes and sizes of this Santosha Cloud Gray Shag Rug are on sale, including the rectangular 2′ by 3′ for $19, the 8′ by 10′ oval for $180, and the 6′ circle option, for $90. Someone, each one of them is a steal. Save 29% off on this handsome Esme Upholstered Armchair from Sand and Stable, available on Wayfair this week for only $243. Perfect for a living room, the Esme chair also comes in Blue, Blush, and Yellow colorways. Save a whopping 48% on this Atis 90″ 3-Seater Sofa from Latitude Run, and instantly transform into a full-time couch potato. You’ll never want to leave the comfort of this plush sofa, now only $840 at Wayfair. Make your sitting room feel like an art gallery with this Ronaldo Upholstered Lounge Chair from Mistana, now 8% off at Wayfair. This handsome, deep seat also comes in Taupe, Gray, and Teal colorways. There’s never been a better time to reorganize your clothes, especially now that thie Helmick 6 Dresser Drawer from Mercury Row is a whopping 57% off. Class up your bedside table with this Williams Wood Nightstand from AllModern. A bit of a fourth-wall break here: I happen to own a few pieces of AllModern furniture, and it’s handsome, sturdy, and always the right price. Ready to start a conversation with this Waterton Accent Chair? This groovy, multicolored lounger is marked down to just $300 for Wayfair’s Big Furniture Sale this week. Who said rocking chairs always had to be made of wood? This Channel Velvet High-Back Rocking Chair has all of the soothing power of a slow back-and-forth rock, combined with the comfort of Velvet Upholstery. Better yet: it’s over half off. Been having trouble getting your fit checks in before you leave the house? See how you look in this Martinsen Rectangle Metal Mirror from Mercury Row, now only $86 on Wayfair. This handsome overhead Snead 1 Single Globe Pendant light is 48% off for Wayfair’s Big Furniture Sale. That’s Big savings during a Big sale on a hanging light that would make a Big difference in your life. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.  