Newly selected Hall of Famer Joe Klecko doubled down on his Aaron Rodgers thoughts — which he originally revealed to The Post’s Steve Serby — in an interview Wednesday with CBS Sports Radio’s “Zach Gelb Show.” Klecko doesn’t see Rodgers as a fit with the Jets because of the franchise’s youth, and he said that in Green Bay, when Rodgers “didn’t have the perfect arrangement,” his approach became condescending to some of the surrounding players. “I see a guy like [Derek] Carr, who is an All-Pro,” Klecko told Gelb. “He hasn’t been an MVP, but he has had some great years. I just can’t see them going after a guy that has had all his years and had his way. And then, when it doesn’t turn out his way, he goes dark. I just can’t see it.” When pushed by Gelb, asking if he could see Rodgers ruining the Jets’ locker room, Klecko responded with an emphatic “absolutely.” When Klecko spoke to Serby following his Hall of Fame selection earlier this month, he said that Rodgers could be a detriment to the Jets. The former defensive lineman referenced the “condescending attitude” of Rodgers again, in the context of a receiver running the wrong route and having to return to the huddle and explaining his mistake to the three-time MVP quarterback. In the interview with Gelb, Klecko specifically referenced wideout Garrett Wilson, who won the offensive rookie of the year award after a campaign where he caught 83 passes for 1,103 yards and four touchdowns. “I can’t see him coming back to the huddle and Rodgers lambasting [Wilson] for running the wrong route,” Klecko said. “It’s not gonna fit. I don’t see it.” Rodgers’ destination for the 2023 season hasn’t been decided at this stage of the offseason, though. He went on — and recently emerged from — a darkness retreat where he, among other things, contemplated his future in the NFL. There could be a return to Green Bay. There could be a trade to the Jets or another team. There could be a retirement ceremony, sparking a timeframe for when the 39-year-old could one day join Klecko in the Hall of Fame. The Jets emerged as a potential trading partner should Green Bay and Rodgers decide to part ways, and The Post’s Brian Costello reported that New York had engaged in preliminary discussions with the Packers about a possible Rodgers deal. They also hosted former Raiders quarterback Derek Carr on a “positive” visit as the free agent quarterback considers his options. “I don’t think Rodgers is a fit with the young guys,” Klecko told Gelb on the radio segment. “I relate this to myself when we came up as a young team when we started winning. Why it was a good fit for all of us was because we all worked together and came up together.”