If it’s  Friday, that can only mean one thing — another Flash Deal Friday from Wayfair! As we’ve published the last few weeks, thanks to Wayfair, there are now even more reasons to TGIF, or, alternatively, to TGIFDF (Thank God it’s Flash Deal Friday), or, if you prefer the more formal version ITGIFAIMICSWDAML (I Thank God it’s Friday, As It Means I Can Shop Wayfair’s Deals At My Leisure). While we’re still waiting to get the last couple of acronyms off the ground, we’re confident it’ll happen eventually, especially if Wayfair keeps offering incredible deals on furniture every Friday. Each Flash Deal Friday highlights one category of sale items above all else, and this week’s are rugs, runners, mats, and treads (though if you’re looking for desks, chairs, and everything in between, you should still be able to find great deals on those). Below, we’ve rounded up 10 of our favorite finds from this week’s Flash Deal Friday. If you see something you like, make sure to act fast, these deals are only up for one day only (today, Feb. 3), and with savings of up to 70% off, you won’t want to miss them. Just in time for Valentine’s Day, this Devin Oriental Pink and White Area Rug from Etta Avenue is a whopping 70% off on Wayfair, marked down from $420 to just $128. This 5′ by 7′ rug is perfect for kitchens, dining rooms, nurseries, or any other room you’d love to see a beautiful rug. Kick back. Put your feet up. You’re saving money. This Kylie Indoor/Outdoor Ottoman is 62% off for today only and makes for a great, modern footrest for any space. Also available in Blue, Blush, Dark Red, and other colorways. Don’t miss a step: jump on this deal now! Never worry about slipping on your staircase again with this set of 13 Distressed Geometric Non-Slip Cream and Ivory Stair Treads, now over 60% off. Add a little mod to your bar cabinet with this Steinman Console with mirrored half-moon handles, 30% off for today only on Wayfair. Have you ever seen a more comfortable-looking chair than the Django Upholstered Chair pictured above? We’re not sure we have. Rest easy in it, knowing you’re saving a whopping 63% for today only. For when you want to feel like you’re wearing the fluffiest socks ever, but not actually wear socks, there’s the Mccolister Abstract Shag Cream Area Rug, marked down to under $500 from $1,755 this Flash Deal Friday. Who says an ottoman can’t be a conversation piece? A lot is going on on this Tutuala Upholstered Pouf, and we like it all. Most of all? We love the price tag: just $116 for today only. This beautiful Hallum Oriental Loom Area Rug in Gray, Gold Tan, and Ivory is only marked down to under $100 for today. And if you’d prefer a cooler color palette, the Blue and Light Gray version is just $64.64. You’ll actually look forward to doing the dishes with this Christina Texture Anti-Fatigue Mat from Red Barrel Studio, now just $34, down from $100. Use the Dayvian 45-inch desk for sitting down and study how much money you’ve saved over the course of this week’s Flash Deal Friday. This minimalist workstation from George Oliver is just $89 for today only, marked down from $260. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.  