We can’t get there from here. And if we don’t stop the racial double standards that benefit no one and afflict us all, there will be no place to get. Kyrie Irving, as per racial matters real and wishful, has not been dealt with honestly. The man’s ongoing delusional case against facts, starting with his conviction that the world is flat, is solely predicated on his ability to play basketball. For all his griping and perfidious fantasies, Irving has been a benefactor, not a victim, of racial injustice. No white player would have survived a claim that there was no slavery before the Civil War and that all blacks will be condemned by God to hell. He’d have been banned for life — good riddance — faster than Adam Silver could say “Donald Sterling.” But from the moment Irving posted his promotion of the belief that all Jews are headed for hell and that the Holocaust that murdered six million Jews didn’t occur, Silver and the NBA have sought remedies to mitigate Irving’s words and beliefs as inspired by a black lunatic movement. Heck, Silver, who has allowed the NBA to recede into a mélange of vulgar, violent and self-entitled players and customers, actually held a brief meeting with Irving after which he claimed that he doesn’t believe Irving is anti-Semitic. Then what is he? A celebrity spokesman for anti-Semites? This “flighty” fellow undermined franchises in Cleveland and Boston before Brooklyn decided it was its turn. From there, he would tell the team when and where he’d play, whom he’d hire and fire as coach and how he’d “co-manage” the franchise with Kevin Durant, another must-get superstar now with his fourth team. James Harden taught no lessons. Over to you, Ben Simmons. Among his NBA brethren, including Silver, only Kareem Abdul-Jabbar had the integrity and dignity to call Irving what he is: A butcher of world history in service to racial extremists in the Louis Farrakhan mold. Abdul-Jabbar: “Honestly, there’s little hope that he will change because he’s insulated by fame and money and surrounded by yes-people. There is no motivation to learn how to distinguish propaganda from facts.” The NBA has responded with pandering, a tried-and-failed formula for this country. Pandering takes us nowhere other than backwards. And indisputable, illogical double-standards have knocked the liberal out of well-reasoned men and women of all colors. Still, the news media show small interest in those who weigh the facts then speak the truth. They’re not sexy enough, they don’t practice name-calling, inflexibility, far-side politics. They don’t make news. They only make sense. This week upon arriving in Dallas to play for a Jewish team owner, Mark Cuban, the capitulating rich fool, Irving declared that he was “disrespected” by the Nets, along, no doubt, by the Cavs and Celts, before them. Disrespect? I know the feeling — the kind that comes from him. He’s another who demands full respect in return for none. And Silver is another sports commissioner — selectively blind, easily frightened appeaser — who would rather pander to those laying our sports lower and lower than risk the rancor of race hustlers who’d blow away if they suffered the lethal fate of being ignored. This week, Nike/Red Chinese labor-enriched shill LeBron James, always in the habit of telling everyone what’s wrong with the world, broke Abdul-Jabbar’s scoring record — with the considerable help of 2,237 3-pointers. Afterwards the first words out of his mouth to a national TV audience were “F—, man.” Worshipped by kids, the 38-year-old who knows what’s wrong with America couldn’t come up with anything better. And Kyrie Irving, paid tens of millions to do what he wants when he chooses to do it — even feed the evil fantasy of Holocaust deniers that General Eisenhower warned against — feels disrespected. Known as “sandbagging,” it’s a polite term for those who cheat at golf, those anathema to the sport. Starting with Donald Trump’s runaway victory in his Florida club’s Senior Championship — a “win” in which Trump posted the leading score from a claimed round he played outside the event — “cheating” at golf has made some fascinating news of late. Aaron Rodgers stands accused of using an inflated handicap to provide him extra strokes during this past AT&T Pebble Beach Pro-Am. While his pro partner, Ben Silverman, didn’t make the cut, the team won because Rodgers, playing as a 10-handicap — he received a stroke on the 10 hardest holes — was more like a five-to-seven handicap. Keith Mitchell, a pro teamed with Bills’ QB Josh Allen to finish fourth, was blunt: “Aaron Rodgers doesn’t count. His handicap was crap … if we finish second to Aaron, I consider us winning the trophy.” The most conspicuously glaring example of cheating came in the same tournament in 1992, Greg Norman teamed with fellow-Aussie Kerry Packer, the richest man in Australia with a fortune then estimated to be $6.5 billion. But as Monty Burns said, “I’d trade it all for a little more.” While Norman finished 33rd, their team won the Pro-Am with Packer, playing as a 16-handicap, shooting rounds that, in order, were 11, 9, 12 and 6 shots below his handicap! Even the say-no-evil CBS crew was appalled. The 1997 Pro-Am was won by Tour pro Paul Stankowski and actor Andy Garcia, who, despite the pressure, just happened to play the best golf of his life. By far. Playing as an 18-handicap, Garcia had three birdies and shot a 36, raw, for nine holes. The team finished a record 43-under. The next year, Garcia played as a 10. Others with highly suspicious handicaps have not been invited back, including 1987 winner George Brett, who was paired with Fred Couples, and Dean Spanos, son of Chargers owner Alex Spanos, after he won in 1990. Some prizes cost much more than they’re worth. So look what pandering — pick a minority, any minority — did for YES, Yankees telecasts, network subscribers and Carlos Beltran and Cameron Maybin, this past season: Nothing. It just drove the idea and the ideal of diversity backwards. Clearly, neither was ready to hold in-game analyst positions in the nation’s largest TV market. YES was driven by empty-headed foresight-starved racial and ethnic considerations that served to benefit no one but to defend against unfounded claims of bigotry. And to think YES chose not to re-sign Jim Spanarkel, among the best basketball analysts on TV, because of … because of what? Based on the latest as provided by a strong piece on HBO’s “Real Sports,” Brett Favre, accused of helping to misappropriate millions of Mississippi welfare funds — Mississippi is the poorest state in the union — seems headed for arrest. Prepping for the Super Bowl, Fox’s Greg Olsen spent yesterday practicing repeating himself, saying “he ran with his legs” and making long stories out of nothing. Seems Ian Eagle, as YES’ Nets’ TV voice — and a Jew — no longer has to pretend he’s thrilled every time Kyrie Irving scores. What time does Sunday night’s riot start in Philly?