A disturbing video shows a 6-foot-6-inch Florida student beating a female staffer unconscious inside a school this week after she confiscated his Nintendo Switch video game device. The infuriated 17-year-old can be seen sprinting toward the female educator, who turns and spots her assailant a split second before he shoves her to the floor. The 270-pound student then repeatedly stomps on the unconscious paraprofessional inside Matanzas High School in Palm Coast before punching her 15 times. Several other staffers who witnessed the brutal assault come running to pull the boy off the teacher, who was rushed to a local hospital. She is expected to recover from her injuries. Separate video released by the Flagler County Sheriff’s Office shows the attacker being placed in handcuffs inside a classroom at Matanzas High School in Volusia County. “The student stated that he was upset with the victim because she took his Nintendo Switch away during class,” police said in a statement. According to an arrest report, arriving deputies found the teacher bloody and unconscious. The rampaging student, who lives in a group home, began spitting in the teacher’s direction, telling cops that he was “going to kill her” when he returned to school. While he was being processed, the teen repeatedly asked a deputy when he was going to be released, and began kicking a desk and becoming violent when he didn’t get the answers he was hoping for. “The actions of this student are absolutely horrendous and completely uncalled for,” said Volusia County Sheriff Rick Staly in a statement. “We hope the victim will recover, both mentally and physically, from this incident.” The teen was turned over to the Department of Juvenile Justice and has been charged with felony battery raps. Volusia County School officials issued a statement after the Flagler County Sheriff’s Office released the disturbing footage. “The safety and security of our students and staff is of utmost importance to us and we will continue to cooperate fully with the local authorities as part of this investigation,” officials wrote.