I received my layoff notice via email. It wasn’t even from my boss, just a no-reply automated message. If I go on Glassdoor.com and leave a scathing review, will it hurt my chances of a future employer hiring me? Thank you for your inquiry. Wait times for Go To Greg submissions are higher than normal due to increased volume. Please try your question again later. Oh my. Definitely not making light of you being laid off, just amplifying the inhuman experience and just how awful that is. I’m all for giving feedback, both positive and negative. There isn’t any advantage to you revealing your name however, so a prospective employer won’t know it was from you. But it’s a great question, because checking out a candidate’s social profile and posts is now routine for prospective employers. It may give a future boss pause if they discover you skewering your former boss or company online, even if the criticism is warranted. Think of yourself first and what puts you in the best light and gives you the optimal chance to land a new job. I recently quit my job. There’s a performance-based annual bonus, but HR is telling me that I must be actively employed to get it. I feel like this should be illegal because the bonus is based on the year prior that they don’t pay out until March, so they can use these bonuses as tax write-offs. How can I get my bonus? You should have done what everyone else does — wait until you received your bonus before quitting. Or, some employees who resign before they receive their bonus negotiate the amount they are walking away from as a sign-on bonus with their new employer. The practice is legal generally with most types of discretionary bonus plans, where the employer is not obligated to pay anything. At this point, all you can do is confirm that what your employer is telling you is written into a stated policy. If it is, then you’re out of luck. If it isn’t, then you may have a case to challenge their decision if they don’t pay it. Gregory Giangrande has over 25 years of experience as a chief human resources executive. Hear Greg Weds. at 9:35 a.m. on iHeartRadio 710 WOR with Len Berman and Michael Riedel. Email: GoToGreg@NYPost.com. Follow: GoToGreg.com and onTwitter: @GregGiangrande