The Issue: Five FDNY chiefs who requested demotions over the demotion of two of their colleagues. Laura Kavanagh was appointed commissioner of the biggest fire department in the US without ever having worked a day as a firefighter (“FDNY’S 5-alarm fire,” Feb. 12). The typical path to the top spot in most organizations begins on the bottom. As employees ascend the ladder, they enhance their skills and gain valuable experience. Plus, they earn respect and credibility. They earn their stripes, but this commissioner was gifted her stripes. So who would feel comfortable taking directions and dictates from a neophyte? I certainly wouldn’t, and I can readily understand why the parachuted-in commissioner has stoked some ire in the Fire Department. Frank Brady Yonkers Some 153 years of a proud tradition of protecting the people of New York City has been tarnished by someone who has never crawled into a room of smoke and fire to save someone. Kavanaugh has zero knowledge of the true brother/sisterhood of this once-noble profession. The petulant interloper has lost well over a hundred combined years of time and dedication from those leaving. All should follow suit and stand for those chiefs who have dedicated so much only to be admonished by a fool. Kevin Judge Naples, Fla. When poor decisions are made in grave, life-threatening situations because of a focus on diversity for diversity’s sake, what will Kavanaugh’s explanation be? What will she tell the deceased firefighters’ and victims’ loved ones when something happens as the result of her push for appeasing the left over hiring and promoting the capable and qualified? First, it was the assault against the NYPD. Now, it’s the FDNY. New York’s citizens will bear the brunt of bad departmental policies and changes being made simply for the sake of change. Vincent Ruggiero Scottsdale, Ariz. As a woman, how happy I was to read of New York City’s first woman fire commissioner. With her extensive experience as a political activist, lawyer and lobbyist working with the Democrat political consulting firm The Advance Group, Kavanaugh’s credentials outshone those of any of the demoted fire chiefs. After all, they never worked, as she did, with those extraordinary fire-fighting heroes ACORN. Keep up the good work, Mayor Adams. At this rate, the only ones left in your city will be the rats and hacks. Carole Campolo East Hampton The Issue: Miranda Devine’s column on the possibility of Gov. Ron DeSantis running in 2024. Rather than challenging the Ivy League-educated Gov. Ron DeSantis in the realm of ideas, former President Donald Trump has descended into the gutter and labeled the Sunshine State’s governor “Meatball Ron” (“DeSantis is GOP’s sunshining future,” Miranda Devine, Feb. 13) Our republic can ill afford a twice-impeached, draft-dodging Archie Bunker wannabe in search of a last hurrah. Moreover, when it comes to good governance, as well as electability, the party of Lincoln, Eisenhower and Reagan should turn to DeSantis. Rosario A. Iaconis Mineola Devine clearly puts it out there that we’re in good shape for 2024 with De­Santis. The question is: Do the Republicans want to play it safe or go for broke with Trump again? While Trump would be the better president because of experience, DeSantis could be the better candidate to win over those swing states that have leaned Democrat. Ron Zajicek Cortlandt Want to weigh in on today’s stories? Send your thoughts (along with your full name and city of residence) to letters@nypost.com. Letters are subject to editing for clarity, length, accuracy and style.