Brittany Matthews, the wife of Chiefs quarterback Patrick Mahomes, shared a cozy couple’s snap on Monday, one day after the fitness entrepreneur shaded “grown men talking s–t” in the wake of critical comments made by Joe Rogan and guests on a recent episode of his podcast. In the photo posted on Instagram, Matthews and Mahomes, both 27, are seen smiling as they take in Sunday’s Dallas Mavericks game courtside. This year’s Super Bowl MVP also re-shared the image on his Instagram Story. Moments after Matthews’ post went live, fans of the couple flooded the comments section to offer their support for the Kansas City Current co-owner. “You guys look so happy! Ignore the haters, Brittany, they are just trolling bots with no life! We appreciate all you and Patrick do for our city! Keep the positive vibes and thank you for sharing your pics!” one follower wrote of the snap, while another replied, “That’s our MVP and his Queen.” Matthews, who has been married to Mahomes since March 2022, was the topic of conversation on a previous edition of “The Joe Rogan Experience”, when the UFC color commentator hosted guests Shane Gillis, Mark Normand, and Ari Shaffir, all of whom are stand-up comics, writers and podcasters. Part of the recent discussion centered on Mahomes’ family, including the quarterback’s younger brother Jackson, who frequently posts gameday TikToks. “You know what I like, though, I came around on Jackson Mahomes,” Gillis said. “I’m a fan. His brother that does TikToks and his annoying wife that screams — everyone hates on them and it actually makes me happy.” Rogan later weighed in and said, “The problem is they keep that same energy when you get divorced. They come after you with that same energy.” Shortly after the podcast went live, Matthews posted two cryptic messages on Twitter, with some speculating that the mother of two was addressing the remarks. “Something about grown men talking s–t about someone’s wife is real weird…,” Matthews tweeted Sunday, without naming names. “Actually grown ass men hating on women in general is pathetic,” she wrote in a separate message. Matthews and Jackson have made headlines in the past for their gameday theatrics, with the former being criticized in January 2022 following a champagne-spraying incident after a Chiefs’ Divisional Round playoff win. Although the duo dialed down their celebrations this past season, both Matthews and Jackson took to social media after the Chiefs defeated the Eagles, 38-35, in Super Bowl 2023 earlier this month.