The House Oversight Committee sent a formal letter to one of President Biden’s close former aides, who may have been involved in his mishandling of classified materials. Kathy Chung, an executive assistant to Biden during his vice presidential years, helped the departing veep pack up his office and is one of several former staffers who have been questioned by the FBI. “The Committee believes your proximity to Vice President Biden and role as handler of his personal matters gave you access not only to classified material he maintained after leaving the White House, but also to the Biden family’s business schemes,” wrote Committee Chairman Rep. James Comer (R-Kentucky) “We request you make yourself available for a transcribed interview with Committee staff,” the letter continued. Chung had “keycard access to Penn Biden Center” where a number of President Biden’s classified documents have been found, Comer added. The letter demanded Chung turn over a trove of documents from her time working with Biden including all communications with members of the Biden family and Eric Schwerin, the president of Hunter Biden’s investment firm. Comer also asked for “all documents and communications related to then-Vice President Biden’s departure from office in 2017, including communications regarding Penn Biden Center.” At least a dozen classified documents — some dating back to President Biden’s career in the Senate — have been found at the Penn Biden Center and his private residence in Wilmington, Del. It remains unclear how the files got there or what unauthorized people have had access to them over the years. Chung currently works as deputy director of protocol for Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin. “If she sorted the documents and had access to them to decide what went that’s lot more significant than a minion who got tasked with moving them,” Jim Hanson, president of WorldStrat and information operations consultancy, told The Post. “She could very well have been privy to the scheming. They looked at the Penn Biden center as a way to cash in, give their people no show jobs, and leverage Joe’s off-time when he wasn’t in politics.”