After the recent addition of Josh Hart and the return Friday night of Mitchell Robinson, All-Star forward Julius Randle believes there “absolutely is another level” to which the Knicks can ascend as they close out the regular season. The first contest of their 22-game stretch run following the All-Star break slarted slowly, but ultimately Randle’s belief was borne out as his career-high masterpiece helped the Knicks storm back from a 19-point hole to post their fourth straight win, 115-109, over the Wizards in Washington. Randle matched his career high with 46 points and All-Star snub Jalen Brunson had 13 points with nine assists as the Knicks (34-27) improved to 18-12 away from Madison Square Garden, the second-best road record in the NBA. Randle previously netted 46 points in Sacramento in March of last season. Robinson also had an active all-around game with a double-double — 10 points and 12 rebounds in 28 minutes — in his first action since he underwent thumb surgery on Jan. 19. Kyle Kuzma and former Knick Kristaps Porzingis scored 23 points apiece and Bradley Beal added 16 for the Wizards (28-31). Hart had just five points, but he was active on defense and on the glass again in 27 minutes off the bench in his fourth game since he was acquired in a trade-deadline deal. Hart said Thursday he believes the Knicks will be a dangerous team to face for the rest of the regular season and, potentially, in the playoffs. “I think we can be a really good team that can make a run,” Hart said. “I’m not going to sit here and say that we can be the two-seed or whatever it is. But we’re a team who can make a run, who I think teams won’t want to play.” The Knicks began the night in the No. 6 playoff position in the Eastern Conference, a half-game ahead of the Heat and two behind the fifth-place Nets, who dealt away superstars Kevin Durant and Kyrie Irving before the trade deadline earlier this month. “I always think we can get better,” Knicks coach Tom Thibodeau said. “Of course, getting Mitch back is a big plus for us. We know how important he is to the team and the things that he brings to our team.” Robinson made an immediate impact. He slammed home a lobbed feed from Brunson barely one minute into the game, added a tap-in less than a minute later, and converted another dunk midway through the first quarter for six early points. Randle paced the Knicks with 12 points in the opening quarter, but Porzingis poured in 19, going 5-for-5 on 3-point tries, as the Wizards grabbed a 38-27 lead on 65 percent shooting (13-for-20). Delon Wright buried two early 3-pointers to extend the Washington cushion to 15 early in the second, and another trey by Kuzma made it a 55-36 game midway through the quarter. But a 3-pointer by Immanuel Quickley (16 points) and a traditional three-point play by Brunson keyed a 10-0 spurt before Randle took over with two driving dunks, a steal-and-layup sequence and another connection from beyond the arc as the Knicks closed the half on a 10-0 run to slash their deficit to 64-60 by intermission. The Knicks also came out firing to open the second half. Randle and RJ Barrett (14 points) knocked down long-range buckets and Quentin Grimes threw down a transition dunk for the first eight points of the third quarter — and an 18-0 splurge bridging halftime — as the Knicks’ grabbed a 68-64 lead. Deni Avdija and Monte Morris netted five apiece in a 14-2 Wizards run to put them ahead by six with under four minutes to play in the third. But Randle converted an and-one and Quickley sank another 3-pointer from the right side for an 89-88 Knicks lead entering the final period. Two contested treys by Randle gave him 44 — and the Knicks a 105-102 lead — with just under four minutes to go in the fourth quarter. Randle also sank two free throws with 1:16 left to match his career best. Beal’s 3-pointer knotted the score at 109-109 with a minute to go, but Brunson hit a scoop shot in traffic and Randle fed Robinson underneath for another bucket and a four-point Knicks lead with 11.2 seconds remaining.