The 76th British Academy Film Awards were celebrated Sunday at the Royal Festival Hall in Southbank, London. Hosted by actor Richard E. Grant, the ceremony was star-studded and packed with a large crowd of nominees, including Viola Davis, Ana de Armas, and Austin Butler. During the awards show, actress Helen Mirren honored the late monarch Queen Elizabeth II, who passed away on Sept. 8 after reigning for over 70 years. “Bafta’s relationship with Her Majesty was longstanding and Bafta would not be what it is today without her loyal support,” Mirren said during the ceremony. She continued, “Throughout her 70-year reign, she met cinema’s greatest icons and witnessed the evolution of Hollywood’s golden age to the birth of the blockbuster. Her Majesty was front row for it all.” Also in attendance was Prince William and Princess of Wales Kate Middleton, their first appearance at the BAFTAs since 2020. William has been the president of the organization since 2010. The royal pair missed the 2021 BAFTA awards due to the death of Prince Phillip, who passed away just one day before the scheduled ceremony. Last year, they were unable to attend due to “diary constraints,” a rep told Variety at the time. This year, Netflix’s “All Quiet on the Western Front,” which was the first German adaptation of Erich Maria Remarque’s classic novel, was nominated for 14 awards, according to The Hollywood Reporter.  Films “The Banshees of Inisherin,” a comedy starring Colin Farrell, and “Everything Everywhere All At Once,” a sci-fi action movie directed by Daniel Kwan and Daniel Scheinerthave each had 10 nominations. Other nominees included “Elvis,” for best film and “Tár.” Viola Davis was nominated as best actress for her part in “The Woman King, as well as Ana de Armas for her character in “Blonde.” Austin Butler was also up for leading actor for his lead role in “Elvis.” Here’s who won at the 2023 awards: Best Film “All Quiet on the Western Front,” Malte Grunert Director “All Quiet on the Western Front,” Edward Berger Leading Actress Cate Blanchett, “Tár.” Leading Actor Austin Butler, “Elvis” Outstanding British Film “The Banshees of Inisherin,” Martin McDonagh, Graham Broadbent, Pete Czernin Original score “All Quiet On The Western Front,” Volker Bertelmann Documentary “Navalny,” Daniel Roher, Diane Becker, Shane Boris, Melanie Miller, Odessa Rae Special Visual Effects “Avatar: The Way Of Water,” Richard Baneham, Daniel Barrett, Joe Letteri, Eric Saindon Original Screenplay “The Banshees Of Inisherin,” Martin Mcdonagh Animated Film “Guillermo Del Toro’s Pinocchio,” Guillermo del Toro, Mark Gustafson, Gary Ungar, Alex Bulkley Outstanding Debut By A British Writer, Director Or Producer “Aftersun,” Charlotte Wells (Writer/Director) Cinematography “All Quiet On The Western Front,” James Friend Editing “Everything Everywhere All At Once,” Paul Rogers Casting “Elvis,” Nikki Barrett, Denise Chamia Film Not In The English Language “All Quiet On The Western Front,” Edward Berger, Malte Grunert Supporting Actor Barry Keoghan, “The Banshees Of Inisherin” Adapted Screenplay “All Quiet On The Western Front,”  Edward Berger, Lesley Paterson, Ian Stokell Supporting Actress Kerry Condon, “The Banshees Of Inisherin.” Production Design “Babylon,” Florencia Martin, Anthony Carlino Costume Design “Elvis,” Catherine Martin Make Up & Hair “Elvis,” Jason Baird, Mark Coulier, Louise Coulston, Shane Thomas Sound “All Quiet on the Western Front,” Lars Ginzel, Frank Kruse, Viktor Prášil, Markus Stemler British Short Animation “The Boy, The Mole, The Fox, and the Horse,” Peter Baynton, Charlie Mackesy, Cara Speller, Hannah Minghella British Short Film “An Irish Goodbye,” Tom Berkeley, Ross White EE Rising Star Award (Voted For By The Public) Emma Mackey