Entering this Colorado house is like entering its owner’s mind. This Colorado Springs property may look unassuming from the outside — but inside, it’s worthy of a children’s TV show film set. “From the outside, our home looks fairly normal, but once you step through the front door, it’s like no other home you’ve ever seen,” seller, artist and hula hooper Beth Piver told The Post of the wood-frame house, which she listed last month for $560,000. “The interior has become a giant art installation with interesting paintings and sculpture everywhere, as well as colorful and unusual wall treatments.” Indeed, the primary bedroom is covered in fake fur, the “wacky” kitchen features a “carnival stuffed animal wall and a superball table” — and the office has a wall covered in old 45 records. One room currently in use as a dedicated, two-story hula-hooping space has “an original circus sideshow banner” among numerous other colorful accoutrements. There’s also a great diversity of colorful seating options, from a hanging bubble chair to vintage theater seats and a pink fuzzy swing. “Think Meow Wolf meets ‘Pee-wee’s Playhouse,’” said Piver for anyone struggling to comprehend the aesthetic, which she assures potential buyers is, despite being so unusual, “thoughtfully designed and made functionally comfortable.” Before moving to Colorado, Piver and her husband lived in Cumberland, Maryland — where their loft was profiled on HGTV and various magazines — and then LaVale, Maryland, where Piver also transformed their home into a media-worthy experience, according to her website. Beyond the decor, the shingled address — located in the “highly sought-after Erindale Heights area” — is set on .24 acres. It has a backyard, three main-level bedrooms, an ensuite bath in the primary bedroom, a woodburning fireplace and a two-car garage, according to the listing, held by Michelle Blessing of ERA Shields Real Estate. “Everything about this home is vibrant and unique with living spaces that are not only pieces of art, but also live really well,” the listing emphasizes. “Don’t miss this opportunity to own your very own dramatic and bold home in the Maximalism-inspired design style.”