Dogs won’t have a bone to pick with this news. A new study suggests that feeding young dogs and pups leftovers from dinner might boost their stomach health as they age, according to researchers from the University of Helsinki. Specifically, non-processed meats and raw bones could stray the dogs away from developing gastrointestinal issues such as chronic enteropathy (CE) whereas processed dog foods may actually have the opposite effect. “Proactive owners can provide a variety of whole foods and species-appropriate leftovers for the puppies and young dogs, even as an addition to a kibble-based diet,” study author Anna Hielm‑Björkman told USA Today. After the team analyzed data spanning back to 2009 from nearly 9,000 dogs — both puppies and adolescent — dogs who ate non-processed meats, organs, fish, eggs, raw bones, vegetables and berries, were found to be 22% less likely to have CE or a related illness as adults. (Dogs should never be fed cooked bones.) Puppies and adolescent dogs who regularly enjoyed table scraps from their owners were 23% and 24% less likely to contract CE in their adolescent years. Berries fed to puppies — particularly blueberry and wild blueberries — lowered their CE risk as adults by 29%. (Certain seemingly healthy foods, such as avocados and grapes, should never be fed to dogs.) Meanwhile, puppies on a steady feed of highly processed, dried kibble were seen to be 29% more prone to CE. Young and adolescent dogs on the same diet saw a 15% chance increase as they aged, according to the data. The most alarming piece of data was that rawhide chews — usually made from dried animal skins — were associated with a 117% increase risk of CE in adult dogs. Still, Hielm‑Björkman said the study comes short of proving causality that feeding dogs leftovers are a streamline to avoid intestinal problems in Fido. But the numbers make sense as dogs, “used to be hunters before they were domesticated,” according to veterinarian and researcher Athena Gaffud. She warned that giving raw meat to highly domesticated dogs comes with its own risks as well. “Modern dog breeds are more sensitive and are predisposed to bacterial diseases if fed uncooked food, especially puppies because their immune system is not yet well developed,” Gaffud said. “While this study looks promising, more studies are needed to outweigh the risks of feeding non-processed food.” Gaffud says it’s best to check with a vet first to ensure dogs are getting their proper nutritional balance. “Nonetheless, to reap the benefits of this discovery, a gradual introduction of non-processed meat, dinner table leftovers, and raw bones during the early life of dogs can be tried by owners interested in doing so.” The news comes in the wake of Nestlé Purina PetCare Company recalling its prescription dog food Purina Pro Plan Veterinary Diets EL Elemental. The dry dog food was voluntarily pulled upon the news that two dogs showed symptoms of vitamin D toxicity. The 2020 book “Big Kibble: The Hidden Dangers of the Pet Food Industry and How To Do Better By Our Dogs” (St. Martin’s Press) looked at how such instances have become increasingly common.