The NBA is finally back after the All-Star break and New York Post readers can cash in with an awesome new customer offer by using the Caesars Sportsbook promo code NPBONUSFULL. New customers can apply the promo code to make an initial wager up to $1,250 on Caesars, and if the bet loses, that same amount is returned back as bet credits. So if someone signs up and places a first bet for $160 that loses — they would still get back $160 in bet credits, and so on up to $1,250. Follow the button below to learn more about Caesars’ offer ahead of the Philadelphia 76ers hosting the Memphis Grizzlies on Thursday night. If you don’t like that game, the new customer offer is good for any sport on Caesars. By using promo code NPBONUSFULL, new bettors on Caesars can get up to $1,250 in bet credits. All it takes is a first bet of $10 or more, and there’s no reason to stress about losing money because the amount wagered on losing bets gets returned back in bet credits. If you win, you receive your winnings just like normal. The promo code NPBONUSFULL also allows users to get 1,000 Tier credits and 1,000 Reward credits just for signing up. The NBA All-Star break is finally over and the schedule starts off with a bang with the Memphis Grizzlies playing the 76ers in Philadelphia. Caesars has the 76ers as four-point favorites tonight and that feels right. Philadelphia is the better team and should be able to capitalize on Memphis’ road woes. The Grizzlies are just 11-17 on the road this year and the problem seems to be getting worse. Memphis has lost seven consecutive road games and it won’t get any easier tonight in Philly. Additionally, 76ers center Joel Embiid will be the best player on the court in this game, which will obviously make things difficult on the Grizzlies. Embiid is averaging an outstanding 33.1 points and 10.2 rebounds per game this season, and he should be able to keep up that performance with Memphis center Steven Adams out for tonight’s game. The Grizzlies will bring their best effort, but I think Philadelphia has enough firepower to pick up another home victory. If you agree, use promo code NPBONUSFULL on Caesars Sportsbook for a great deal. 21+. Available in AZ, CO, IA, IL, IN, KS, LA, MI, NJ, NY, TN, VA, WV only. Full T&C apply. Who doesn’t like a little extra bang for their buck? Caesars Profit Boosts increase the net winnings of your bet by a given percentage and can be applied to all sorts of bets. Profit Boosts can be used on straight bets (money line, spread, total) and parlays, but there are also boosts that are exclusively for straight bets only, parlays only, or even parlays with a set number of legs. Profit Boosts can be applied to a variety of sports and bet types, but only those available will appear in your bet slip. Make sure to look for any profit boosts in your ‘Bonus Drawer’ on Caesars Sportsbook.