Some Chiefs fans don’t agree with how the team celebrated its Super Bowl 2023 title. The Kansas City Star published a series of letters to the editor Sunday that criticized Chiefs players for drinking — and for drinking excessively — during their parade and for using the “Arrowhead chop.” A submission from Janet Elaine Hensel, who lives in Liberty, Mo. wrote that the team’s ownership and head coach Andy Reid should’ve prohibited alcohol during the parade, which Hensel said looked like a “college fraternity beer bust.” “If the Chiefs cannot go a few hours without alcohol, the organization has a problem,” Hensel said. “I, for one, was sickened to see this for the second time. Some Chiefs even bragged through social media about how drunk they were afterward. I am ashamed that players I cheered for could barely walk after they got off the bus. No doubt this spectacle made the news in other cities.” The first letter stated that drinking during the parade doesn’t set a good model for younger fans — and children — to follow. But, it continued, “tragic things happen” when alcohol is involved, and it’s something that even the older fans don’t want to witness at a city-wide celebration. In the second letter, Skip Stogsdill from Overland Park specifically called out quarterback Patrick Mahomes and the other players for drinking. Videos were recorded throughout the parade that featured Travis Kelce chugging a Fireball shot thrown at him and Mahomes quickly consumed Coors Light beer after Coors Light beer. “I felt that way three years ago, and I thought there would have been enough negative feedback from the parents of children and teenagers voicing their concerns to the Chiefs’ administration that it wouldn’t be repeated,” the second letter stated. But in the third letter, before the Kansas City Star piece continued with three other unrelated letters to the editor, Michele McCue from Kansas City blasted team play-by-play broadcaster Mitch Holthus for encouraging spectators to participate in the “Arrowhead chop” — referencing the “tomahawk chop” viewed by some as racist and offensive — with the players from his perch on the stage. “The Chiefs should be making every effort to protect its awesome brand by getting rid of the chop. Instead, all appearances Wednesday were that they still actively encourage it,” the third letter continued. “Millions of eyes and ears will be focused on our city in a few weeks for the NFL Draft. We need a new move for the fans, and who better to introduce one than our creative Super Bowl-winning players?” The Chiefs defeated the Eagles, 38-35, on Feb. 12 for their second Super Bowl title in the last four years. Mahomes overcame an aggravated ankle injury to throw for three touchdowns and help the Chiefs score on every second-half possession, including a final drive that set up Harrison Butker’s game-winning field goal with eight seconds remaining in the fourth quarter.