Even serial liar George Santos has soured on Don Lemon. The Long Island congressman with a penchant for embellishment canceled an exclusive sit-down with the embattled CNN anchor over the latter’s widely condemned sexist remarks about former UN Ambassador Nikki Haley. Santos instead opted to do an interview with Post columnist Piers Morgan. “We heard the comments and it was in very poor taste and we did not wish to do a sit-down with someone who could speak ill of women in that regard,” a spokesperson for the New York Republican told the Daily Mail. “It shouldn’t matter if it’s a Republican or Democratic woman running for public office, but we’re not going to sit down with someone who would say such horrible things. “I don’t think he should be rewarded for bad behavior,” the rep added. On Monday, Morgan quipped to The Post that he is “delighted that Congressman Santos recognized I’m the news anchor still in his prime enough to warrant the big exclusive.” During his interview on “Piers Morgan Uncensored,” Santos admitted, “I’m a terrible liar” in an effort to explain the laundry list of falsehoods he’s told. “It wasn’t about tricking people,” Santos said. “This was about getting accepted by the party here locally.” Asked about the Lemon snub, Santos said he had “no knowledge of this” and referred a Post reporter to his communications director — who didn’t immediately respond to a request for comment. Lemon was forced to apologize over his on-air remarks about Haley, 51, who’d just announced her run for president. He made the comments on “CNN This Morning” Thursday, telling co-hosts Poppy Harlow and Kaitlan Collins that “a woman is considered to be in her prime in her 20s and 30s and maybe 40s” — and that Haley “isn’t in her prime.” He tweeted after the episode aired that “the reference I made to a woman’s ‘prime’ this morning was inartful and irrelevant, as colleagues and loved ones have pointed out, and I regret it.” Lemon was notably absent Monday — with a network spokesman telling The Post the host was “taking the holiday.” CNN boss Chris Licht reportedly said Friday that Lemon’s comment about Haley were “upsetting, unacceptable, and unfair to his co-hosts, and ultimately a huge distraction to the great work of this organization.”