Warning: “You” spoilers ahead. Joe Goldberg is back — and this time he’s wreaking havoc in Britain. The hit Netflix series “You” (now streaming the first part of Season 4) follows Joe Goldberg (Penn Badgley), a seemingly polite, well-read man who considers himself to be romantic and intelligent — and often comes across that way to others. But, his urbane facade hides a delusional stalker/murderer. In Season 1 of the dark comedy/psychological thriller, Joe was living in New York and became obsessed with aspiring writer Beck (Elizabeth Lail), an ordeal which ended in her death. Season 2 found Joe in California, where he obsessed over Love (Victoria Pedretti), who stuck around for Season 3 as well — until her relationship with Joe ended with her demise. Now, in Season 4, Joe has once again relocated to a new city: London. The story picks up with Joe ostensibly going to Europe to pursue yet another woman he thinks he loves, Marienne (Tati Gabrielle). But he ends up in England and assumes a new identity as English professor Jonathan Moore. He rubs elbows with high society, in part thanks to his colleague Malcolm (Stephen Hagan), and becomes transfixed by Malcolm’s  girlfriend, Kate (Charlotte Ritchie), who runs an art gallery. He also befriends quirky new characters including Lady Phoebe (Tilly Keeper), an heiress. But when members of Joe’s latest “wealthy snob” friend group start dropping like flies — and he’s not the culprit — the usual “You” formula gets flipped on its head. It seems that this time, someone else is on a bloody spree … and might be out to frame Joe. The appeal of “You” is that it’s essentially “Dexter” for millennials and Gen-Z. It’s more satirical than the Showtime serial killer drama, since each season takes a cutting look at the people and places around Joe — making the argument that he’s not always the worst person in his world. Season 4 turns its droll eye on the British upper class. But, as in “Dexter,” “You” does, at times, struggle with its own moral stance. Does it want to condemn Joe’s actions, glorify them, redeem him or make any kind of larger point besides showing him stalking and murdering? It’s made gestures towards all of these grey areas at various times, but shuffles them around too much to feel like there is a coherent take on it all. Like “Dexter,” which ran for about four seasons too long, the show is frequently too enamored with its own villainous protagonist and doesn’t force him to face the consequences of his actions. Nevertheless, the writing has a spry quality that makes “You” consistently watchable and entertaining. Season 4 is a mixed bag, but even when Joe’s shtick risks getting stale there’s still plenty of fun to be enjoyed by fans of the series. The new season of “You” has been split in half. Part 2 premieres March 9.