The initial doctors’ reading of Frankie Montas’ MRI exam indicated he should be able to pitch through his shoulder discomfort, so the Yankees were surprised he eventually needed surgery. What shouldn’t be surprising is that another trade with the almost-off-the-grid Oakland A’s didn’t turn out the way they wanted. The Yankees haven’t had great recent history trading for A’s pitchers, so I wasn’t surprised one Yankees executive suggested they never trade with the A’s again. But really, it’s not just the A’s. Going all the way back to the infamous Ed Whitson situation, there’s a long history of successful pitchers coming from smallish teams only to flop in The Bronx. Montas is hurting — though the initial doctors report brought hope, he consistently reported discomfort in throwing sessions — but there’s something about pitching in pinstripes. Carl Pavano and Javier Vazquez (who somehow came twice), from Montreal, were pretty good elsewhere. But Oakland of recent vintage, though not technically a small market, must be the worst proving ground for New York now. Sonny Gray is excellent everywhere but New York Yankees general manager Brian Cashman doesn’t see it that way, saying it’s “hard to disregard the scouting assessments” — which, fairly, has to be the main consideration. And Cashman also pointed out via text: “Pedro Martinez came from Montreal … so not sure how avoiding good pitching makes sense.” It wouldn’t be easy to avoid the small markets, either, as smaller-market teams are more apt to trade more accomplished pitchers. (Of course, big-revenue teams are more equipped to hang onto the best assets). It also really is hard to blame the Yankees’ front office in this case, as they made a reasonable try for Reds star Luis Castillo, offering Jasson Dominguez at one point, and there weren’t many options. (Though Cincinnati actually plays in a smaller market, it has a much bigger following than the A’s; everyone does actually). The Reds originally wanted both Anthony Volpe and Oswald Peraza, who are the Yankees’ top two prospects, but eventually preferred a Mariners package that included shortstop Noelvi Marte and pitcher Edwin Arroyo. What hurts is Castillo has starred in Seattle and even signed a team-friendly deal to stay there. In a slim field (they turned down Pablo Lopez and Miguel Rojas from Miami for Gleyber Torres and Peraza) it was logical to pursue Montas next. There was some concern about his shoulder, but that was true of Castillo, too. Montas’ résumé didn’t look quite as good as Castillo’s but looked plenty good. Chalk this one up to misfortune. But take the A’s off that speed dial.