As drug kingpin Franklin Saint in the FX crime drama “Snowfall,” which premieres its sixth and final season on Wednesday, Damson Idris has seen his star rise in Hollywood. But the 31-year-old British actor has experienced a whole different kind of celebrity since he began dating model Lori Harvey late last year. The new power couple — who went Instagram-official on Harvey’s birthday, Jan. 13 — has become a hot gossip topic. So what’s the secret to blocking out the blogosphere in their young romance? “You stay at home and hide in the cave,” Idris told Rolling Stone with a laugh. “No, I think my advice to anyone who walks down that path is to just keep it as regular and normal as possible and really, really connect to each other and not the outside forces around.” Dating Harvey — the 26-year-old stepdaughter of comedian Steve Harvey, who was coming off a high-profile split with “Creed” star Michael B. Jordan — Idris has already learned to keep his personal life to himself as much as possible. “It’s just watching other people that I admire do it so greatly and just understanding that you don’t always have to show the world your personal life,” he said. “What you do for a living is an extension of yourself, and that’s your baby. And you need to protect that. You also need to protect your personal self too.” Still, Idris is realistic about the interest in his love life. “Of course, it’s the topic of gossip, and the blogs want to talk about that over the work. I see that a lot,” he said. “But they’ll get over it soon enough. And in a couple days someone else will be dating and then they’ll leave me alone.” As Idris gets set to co-star in “Swarm” — an Amazon Prime series co-created by Donald Glover, which premieres March 17 — he is also dealing with saying goodbye to “Snowfall.” He admits that he was in his feelings during the table read for the show’s finale, which will air in April. “I was crying like a little baby at the table read,” he said. “I said to everyone, ‘I’ll save the tears for later and the goodbyes for never.’ But just reading those lines and going from scene to scene and closing that script … I already felt like it was a job well done even before we started filming the finale.” And when that last day of filming came, Idris experienced mixed emotions. “It was interesting because it was such a whirlwind of a day and I was extremely exhausted,” he said. “And I got to a point in the day where I said to myself, ‘OK, I’m ready. I’m ready to go home, ready to end this.’ And then they yelled, ‘Cut. And that’s a wrap on Damson Idris.’ And all of a sudden I didn’t want to go home anymore.”