Picture this. It’s a Friday afternoon, and you need last-minute tickets for a concert in town in just a few hours. You reach for your phone and Google “best concert tickets.” Pretty soon, you’re inundated with so many search results that you decide to give in and just buy tickets from the first option you see. However, if that option wasn’t Vivid Seats, you may not have gotten the best deal. Vivid Seats, a trusted ticket reseller, often has the best prices around, offers exclusive deals to new users and loyal customers, and has a 100% buyer guarantee that all live event fans receive their tickets on time. Sound intriguing? Keep reading. We’ll tell you everything you need to know about the site.  Vivid Seats is a ticket marketplace that has given fans the opportunity to buy and sell tickets to live events on the secondary market for over 20 years when the company was founded in 2001. It offers tickets with competitive prices to over a million live events on its site, including but not limited to concerts, sports games, multi-day music festivals, comedy shows, Broadway musicals, monster truck jams, comic cons and even screenings of “Wrath of Khan” with William Shatner. In addition to its myriad ticket options, Vivid Seats say it “(provides) a legit, safe and secure platform for the sellers and buyers.”  Vivid Seats is as legit as ticketing sites come. The site offers a buyer’s guarantee that includes award-winning customer service care, safe and secure transactions, valid and authentic tickets delivered prior to events, accurate orders and compensation if your event is canceled. It also offers “event ticket protection that will reimburse 100% of your ticket cost if an accident occurs,” according to Legitticketreivews.com. Negative reviews online address ticket prices higher than face value, leading to a B rating from the Better Business Bureau. That being said, it should be noted that this feedback comes from only two to three percent of its millions of users. Most fans, however, have had positive experiences though. Check out Ashlynn from Clarkson, KY’s review from Consumer Affairs that says it all: “I was extremely skeptical but decided to take my chance anyway because (Vivid Seats) had the cheapest tickets for The Judd’s Final Tour in Lexington, KY. The tickets I purchased were only $35 apiece after fees and taxes; the same tickets on Ticketmaster were listed for $170 a piece after fees and taxes. I received a link to claim my tickets within five minutes of purchasing and was able to transfer the tickets to my Ticketmaster account. I highly recommend purchasing tickets from a verified seller on Vivid Seats.”  Vivid Seats works through fans like you. Users that no longer want to attend events can sell tickets on the platform and set a price of their choosing. Once tickets are listed, Vivid Seats facilitates the transaction to ensure that tickets are delivered safely and on time to the buyer. Think of it this way — they’re the middleman ensuring everything goes smoothly for all parties.  Like most verified ticket resale sites, Vivid Seats does include fees at checkout. According to Vivid Seats, the service charge “covers the cost of all company operations required to facilitate transactions and maintain our industry-leading customer service. Specifically, it covers the costs associated with finding and listing thousands of tickets to events worldwide; maintaining rigorous web security and online privacy measures; coordinating shipping and delivery of thousands of ticket orders; and supporting an in-house call center that delivers premium customer support over extended business hours. We strive to offer the lowest out-the-door ticket prices in the industry.”  Yes. Whether you want to sell tickets in bulk or offload a single seat, all you have to do is click the “Sell Tickets” link, which can be found by clicking the three dots in the upper right corner of the Vivid Seats homepage, or at the bottom under “Services.” Further, detailed instructions from Vivid Seats can be found here.  Acually, it has a few. If you sign up for Vivid Seats’ newsletter after making a purchase, you will receive periodic discounts via email. There are also numerous promotion codes for new users and loyal customers, and, best of all, your 11th ticket after buying 10 is free.  It’s a no-brainer that Vivid Seats should be your go-to ticket-buying option. With competitive prices, robust rewards programs, a helpful customer service team and a 100% buyer guarantee, we can’t help but recommend Vivid Seats. Don’t know where to start on the site? Here are just five of their most popular artists on tour in 2023. • Taylor Swift • Adele • Metallica • Billy Joel • Morgan Wallen