Rebel Wilson is launching a new dating app called Fluid. “This is the first dating app where you don’t have to actually define yourself or tick a box to say ‘I’m straight, I’m gay, I’m bisexual,’ and you don’t have to describe what you are looking for,” the “Bridesmaids” and “Pitch Perfect” actress told People. The 42-year-old Aussie comedian added, “I never thought I was 100% straight. I don’t quite know how to define my sexuality, but I do know there’s a lot of people out there that don’t want to totally define it either . . . I’ve been reading and studying a lot while doing this app. “I think sexuality is so complex and nuanced than just saying ‘straight’ or ‘gay.’ I like the word ‘fluid.’ I still don’t know 100% what category I would fit in. I’m just in a great same-sex relationship now, and it’s awesome.” Wilson, who is also a new mom to a baby girl named Royce (born via surrogate), is currently in a relationship with jewelry designer Ramona Agruma. “I was shocked when I met Ramona,” she said. “How deep the connection was and how instant it was. Where I thought I was really looking for a husband, dating about 50 guys in one year. I was always a bit of a girls’ girl and had deep friendships with women, but this was the first time that it was a romantic connection. Then I was like, well, what if that was part of my personality that I was repressing and not exploring? Maybe I should have 10 years earlier, I don’t know. My journey is what it is.” She said that the Fluid app will be open to everyone, whether straight or LGBTQ+, will not have an age limit, and will be free. She said she thinks it would have helped her in her own life. “I wish that this was around five years ago. Something like this would have really helped me and maybe I would have stumbled upon a female’s profile and been like, ‘OK, maybe I do want to message them.’ I totally would have joined up for Fluid, because you don’t have to label yourself in any way. You just see who you connect with,” she said. “I know that, to me, it doesn’t matter about the gender, it just matters about the person.” The Fluid app is just the latest entrepreneurial endeavor from Wilson, who has also launched a controversial clothing line. Fluid will be available in the App Store at an unspecified date later in the month.