Medical truth Jay Bhattacharya was one of a handful of medical experts willing to speak out against the lack of scientific support for draconian and damaging measures forced on the nation during the pandemic and for years after the crisis passed (“Nation Still Needs Full COVID Truth,” Martin Kulldorff & Jay Bhattacharya, PostOpinion, Feb. 22). Those in these fields who swallowed their questions and stood by in masked silence can now live with the results of their choices. Medicine has always been an inexact science, open to questions, studies and research, but that was not the case during the pandemic. The scariest outcome is not the complete lack of trust we now have in the medical field, but the understanding of the breadth and scope of the collusion between those in medicine and Big Pharma, Big Tech, media and our government to force their will upon this “free” nation, no matter the cost to its citizens. Despicable and horrifying. May they reap what they have sown. E. Muller Brewster Wage boost pros The Post editorial “Albany’s Demented Bidding War” (Feb. 22) goes through all sorts of contortions to avoid addressing the benefits of raising and indexing the minimum wage. It not only allows workers to keep up with inflation, thus maintaining purchasing power, but provides businesses relative cost certainty and the opportunity to plan well in advance for year-to-year reasonable increases. Most minimum-wage earners are adults, and more than a quarter of them have families. As such, their earnings usually go right back into the local economy, specifically neighborhood small businesses, to purchase everyday necessities. Eighteen other states have figured it out and automatically adjust or index the minimum wage each year. It’s time New York breaks the cycle of infrequent increases that lead to insufficient wages and a diminished standard of living for those at the bottom of the pay scale. Mario Cilento, President, NYS AFL-CIO Manhattan Stab over shrimp A father grieves, as one of his sons is dead and the other lies in a hospital bed (“Fish mart shrimp ‘snatcher’ killed,” Feb. 23). And a fishmonger with no prior criminal record faces a murder rap.The inconsolable father cries, “My sons were good kids, they ain’t get in no trouble. They not no hard criminals” and “I can’t believe my boy was killed over some shrimp.” Who’s to blame? Could it be a permissive liberal society that withholds institutional discipline for minority kids out of a concern for social justice? Or state and city governments that, out of a concern for restorative justice, foster criminal environments in cities like New York? What will it take to end the self-inflicted wounds these tragedies reflect? A return to the Ten Commandments and personal accountability? Noel Anenberg Encino, Calif. Weak signal I disagree with Dalibor Rohac’s “Vlad’s Last Hope” (PostOpinion, Feb. 22. It’s the West’s wimping out that got us into the war in Ukraine in the first place. Lest we forget, it was President Biden’s botched withdrawal from Afghanistan that left 13 US troops dead and signaled to the likes of Presidents Vladimir Putin and Xi Jinping just how weak this administration’s foreign policy stance is. Sen. Mitch McConnell has it wrong, the “cold, hard, practical American interests” currently lie on our soil and the “stark warning to other would-be aggressors like the People’s Republic of China” was already missed in Afghanistan. Chris Ramsden Lake Hiawatha, NJ Want to weigh in on today’s stories? Send your thoughts (along with your full name and city of residence) to letters@nypost.com. Letters are subject to editing for clarity, length, accuracy and style.