It was an itsy, bitsy, teenie, weenie, barely there bikini. Australian OnlyFans model and influencer Gabrielle Epstein, 29, gave her 3 million Instagram followers an eyeful on Tuesday when she posted a mirror shot of herself wearing a swimsuit that barely covers her breasts. The forest-green beachwear displays the triumvirate of ta-ta trends: Sideboob, innerboob and underbooob — or “circumboob,” if you will. The style-setting Los Angeles-based model’s suit also features a dental floss-sized string around her waist and hips. In the sultry snap, the siren from down under sports wet locks as though she just emerged from the ocean, implying that the swimsuit serves a functional purpose as well as a fashionable one. While Epstein may not have been fishing for compliments with her post — she reeled in plenty of positive comments. “Okay Wtf how are you real,” wrote Kylierae. “Gorgeous ,” said Xeniafanta. “Boddyyyy,” gushed Celestebrightt. This isn’t the first time Epstein has modeled outrageously sexy looks for her fans. She graced the cover of Playboy in 2021 and her Instagram, Twitter and TikTok are flooded with a selection of photos and videos of her modeling her circumboob in swimwear and lingerie all over the world. In one photo from the Coachella festival in Los Angeles, she chows down on a slice of pizza while sporting a shiny black sculptural top that also reveals the many angles of her chest. Being a model may look easy, but Epstein insists there’s more work than meets the eye. “People think I sit around all day taking photos and go to the beach, but that couldn’t be further from the truth. This is really hard work,” she said in 2017. She considers modeling a “stepping stone” to a future career — and she’s not a boob. Epstein — who was reportedly given a scholarship to study biomedical science at Bond University in Australia — said she might pursue psychology one day. “I might even go back to school because I’m very interested in psychology,” she said. “But you need to have plans in place … because this isn’t for the rest of my life.”