After finishing in last place in the American League East with a 78-84 record in 2022, the Boston Red Sox have a lot to prove this season. Before they get there though, Alex Cora’s squad has to stretch its legs and warm up the bats in Florida’s Grapefruit League this February and March. And with returning stars like Rafael Devers, Alex Verdugo and Nick Pivetta along with new additions Masataka Yoshida, Justin Turner, Corey Kluber, Kenley Jansen, Adalberto Mondesi and Adam Duvall joining the club, it’s clear there’s a lot to be excited about. As a cherry on top, injury-plagued ace Chris Sale will also be returning after pitching just two games last season. Best of all though, you can see the new-look Sox take on the Yankees, Astros, Phillies and Braves for cheap when they meet up prior to the regular season at their JetBlue Park home field in Fort Myers, Fla. as well as on the road all over the Sunshine State. In fact, at the time of publication, we found some Red Sox spring training tickets going for as low as $2 before fees on Vivid Seats. Yes, you read that right: Two dollars! Plus, the team has novelty one-off games against the Northeastern Huskies and Puerto Rico’s World Baseball Classic squad. So, if you happen to find yourself in Florida and want to see Beantown’s best live, here’s everything you need to know. All prices are subject to fluctuation. A complete calendar including all 34 home and away game dates, opponents, start times and cheapest ticket prices links can be found below. The Red Sox complete regular season schedule can be found here. (Note: The New York Post confirmed all above prices at the publication time. All prices are subject to fluctuation and include additional fees at checkout.) Vivid Seats is a verified secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand. They offer a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and your tickets will be delivered prior to the event. Major League Baseball is undergoing quite a few changes this coming season and Red Sox manager Cora couldn’t help but weigh in. “Wait ’til you see [the bases] — they look like a pizza box, to be honest with you,” Cora told reporters. For more hot takes from Cora, you can get the whole story here. Looking for all of the NY Post’s Red Sox coverage? Click here to find everything the Post has written about the team. It doesn’t matter whether you’re in Florida, Boston or New York — some of the biggest names in music are coming to your state over the next few months. Here are just five of the biggest acts you won’t want to miss live when they come to a city near you. • Bruce Springsteen and the E Street Band • Ringo Starr • Dead and Company featuring John Mayer • Blink 182 • George Strait with Chris Stapleton Want to see who else is on the road? Check out our list of the 52 biggest concert tours in 2023 here.