An erotic novelist who has made a fortune with her frisky fiction is sharing the words and phrases guaranteed to turn a man on. Lizette Reynoso, 36, spends her days dreaming up dirty scenarios for her naughty novels and also has an OnlyFans account where she shares even more of her tawdry tales. The kinky Canadian kickstarted her account a little over a year ago and now exchanges erotic words with her male subscribers — something that doesn’t bother her husband, Omar, 41. From “everyday” fantasies to out-of-this-world stories about vampires, spies and “Star Wars” characters, Reynoso’s writing knows no bounds. “It can be everyday scenarios that run wild with fantasy,” she explained in an interview with NudePR.com. “Like co-workers on a business trip, a sales girl in a sex shop who takes a customer into the changing room for a romp or two women who meet at a bar and end up fulfilling their deepest desires.” “Many of my fans enjoy writing, too,” the racy writer added. “We’ll send stories back and forth to each other — I love what they come up with.” Reynoso said she started reading erotica as a teenager and quickly became hooked. “Having grown up in a strict Catholic home, this was my way of learning about and exploring my sexuality,” she said. “Then, after I got married, I would write stories for my husband and he loved them — it helped us stay connected while he was away on business.” The couple now “read stories to each other in bed” before “reenacting the scenes.” “It’s like our own sexy book club,” the beauty bragged. For Valentine’s Day, the sexpert is generously sharing risqué words and frisky phrases guaranteed to get men in the mood. Reynoso said the most important word to use with a man is his name. “This makes perfect sense to me, because it’s intimate and shows that you are present with them in the moment,” the amorous author declared. Meanwhile, the wordsmith encouraged women to use an array of adjectives when describing their partner’s penis — whether in person or via a text message. “Using words that compliment and show enjoyment, such as ‘hard’ or ‘throbbing’ are all great for sexy stories and sensual communication,” she shared. Reynoso also said that giving directions and asking questions were essential to the art of kinky communication. “They like it when a woman tells them what she wants,” she declared. “Being direct and expressive is a big one.” “I also love asking questions like, ‘Can you guess what I’m wearing today?’ ” Reynoso added. “It gets the imagination going while building anticipation for more.”