After issuing a formal apology, the National Archives has reached a preliminary agreement in a lawsuit with plaintiffs who alleged they were ordered to remove or cover pro-life messages on their clothing during a visit. The National Archives and Records Administration (NARA) has agreed to give the plaintiffs a personal tour of the National Archives Museum and extend a personal apology to those who were allegedly told they could not wear pro-life messages at the museum, according to court documents filed Tuesday. NARA has also affirmed that its pre-existing policy permits museum visitors to wear T-shirts, hats, buttons, and other articles of clothing that display protest language, including religious and political speech. The agency will provide security officers and staff with written notice reminding them of the policy, which respects the free speech rights of the public. Earlier, the National Archives apologized after the American Center for Law and Justice (ACLJ) filed a lawsuit alleging that a group of visitors from the March for Life were told they could not wear clothing with pro-life messages on a visit to the museum. “Earlier this week, a lawsuit was filed against the National Archives and Records Administration (NARA) stating that on the morning of January 20, 2023, the day of the March for Life, several visitors to our museum in Washington, D.C., were told by NARA security officers ‘to remove or cover their attire because of their pro-life messages,'” NARA said in a statement. The apology recognized the irony of the alleged incident, in which a group of people was told they could not express their views in the building that houses the Constitution of the United States and the Bill of Rights. “As the home to the original Constitution and Bill of Rights, which enshrine the rights of free speech and religion, we sincerely apologize for this occurrence,” the statement continued. The agreement for an in-person apology and personal tour was the result of “good-faith, arms-length negotiation,” court papers say. U.S. District Judge Timothy Kelly, a Trump appointee, is overseeing the case. If the court accepts the proposed agreement, the parties will proceed to the D.C. Circuit’s Mediation Program to explore a potential settlement, according to the court documents.