Kevin Costner finally got ahold of his Golden Globe award after missing the ceremony in Los Angeles last month. Costner, who was forced to skip the event due to severe flooding near his home, was named best actor in a TV drama for his work in Paramount’s “Yellowstone.” The 68-year-old actor unboxed the trophy from his bed and posted a sweet video of the moment on social media earlier this week. “We watched from home and it wasn’t the same,” Costner said in the video, referencing his wife, Christine Baumgartner. “We watched the whole doggone thing and my kids heard our name be called, and we weren’t at one of the greatest parties in the world,”  the father of seven continued. “We wanted to be, but we found ourselves together as a family. My children heard my name called, and they stood up and they cheered.” “To be nominated as an actor was really important to me,” the “Dances With Wolves” filmmaker gushed. He held the coveted golden statuette in his hands and confessed that “it feels really good” to finally receive the honor. After he thanked his family and the Globes’ voting body, the Hollywood Foreign Press Association, Costner added, “I’m so glad I found the movies in my life; it made a difference.” “When you first come to Hollywood, you just want to get your first job, and you see these things and even wonder if you’re ever gonna get in a room like that,” he went on. The three-time Oscar winner concluded that while “it feels really good to have [the award], there’s no substitute for being [at the ceremony].” Season 5 of “Yellowstone” wrapped in January — and there’s talk of it being Costner’s last, due to a reported work dispute. Rumors have recently swirled that the actor will be leaving the series, therefore ending the show. Costner currently stars in “Yellowstone” as John, the patriarch of the Dutton family, as he commands his ancestral ranch in Montana. However, Matthew McConaughey is allegedly in talks to join the critically acclaimed Western family drama franchise in the near future, according to Deadline. The publication reported that creator Taylor Sheridan and the Paramount Network are hoping that McConaughey will lead a “franchise extension to continue the Dutton [family] saga.” In a statement to The Post, a Paramount Network spokesperson assuaged fans’ fears. “We have no news to report. Kevin Costner is a big part of ‘Yellowstone’ and we hope that’s the case for a long time to come,” they said in a statement. The announcement comes on the heels of the premiere of “1923,” a “Yellowstone” prequel spinoff starring Harrison Ford and Helen Mirren — spurred on by the previous success of yet another related miniseries, “1883,” which featured actor Sam Elliott and the rare dramatic appearances of married country music artists Tim McGraw and Faith Hill.