Honey, she shrunk her nose. One woman took to TikTok recently to show what happened to her nose after she lost a ton of weight — and people were stunned by her before and after photos. Natalia Georgis, who goes by the username @nataliageorgis on the social media app, revealed that the look of her nose completely transformed after she underwent gastric sleeve weight loss surgery, a procedure that removes a large portion of your stomach. The viral video has clocked in with more than 413,000 views. Georgis began the 11-second clip by showing a few photos of what she looked like before she lost the weight, where her nose looked rounder. “A body part I did NOT expect to lose weight…” she wrote in white text over the photos, before cutting to the “after” photos, where she showed off her “new” snout that appeared way smaller and more contoured looking. In the caption, Georgis admitted that this wasn’t something that she was always aware of, writing, “I’m ngl [not gonna lie] this was something I NEVER noticed until recently but WOW didn’t think this was a thing…” The Post has reached out to Georgis for comment. In the comments section, viewers could not believe their eyes over the dramatic change. “I didn’t even know that was possible,” one user commented. Another agreed, writing, “I’ve gained and lost weight so many times and all my features look SOO different when i’m at my ideal weight.” “Biggest weight lost motivation so far,” someone else admitted. According to Dr. Philip J. Miller, a facial plastic surgeon in New York City, weight loss does not affect your nose, or even a rhinoplasty. “Since the nose is made of bone, cartilage, and skin, it has no fat cells,” he wrote on his website. “Because there are no fat cells, gaining or losing weight does not have a direct impact on the shape of your nose and the results of your rhinoplasty surgery.” But even so, a few TikTokers chimed in on her video and claimed that the same thing had happened to them when they lost weight, and some even wrote that shedding some pounds changed their shoe size, too. A shrinking shoe size can actually happen with weight loss, according to Livestrong, as there’s a potential “decrease” in the soft tissue in your feet. “Mine was my shoe size!!!!” one viewer claimed. “Went from size 8 to a 6 so crazy.” Another admitted, “100% whenever I gain weight my nose grows.”