I recognize the importance of having size-and-strength defensemen for the playoff grind, so I get why it was meaningful for the Rangers to acquire Niko Mikkola as part of the Vladimir Tarasenko deal with the Blues. You’ve got to be able to keep guys away from the net. You can’t have Corey Perry and Pat Maroon banging into Igor Shesterkin every shift. Mikkola not only seems inclined to engage in such byplay, but the 6-foot-5 native of Finland with the long reach appears to enjoy it. Mikkola is the latest of a veteran type the Blueshirts have imported over the past few years to play that spot on the left side of the third pair. The 26-year-old pending unrestricted free agent (read: rental) follows a group that includes Jack Johnson, Jarred Tinordi, Patrik Nemeth, Justin Braun and current seventh defenseman Ben Harpur. But the ideal partner over the long run for the physically inclined Braden Schneider would be a low-cost, mobile puck-mover who would allow the team to mirror the Ryan Lindgren-Adam Fox and K’Andre Miller-Jacob Trouba tandems. Did anyone say Zac Jones? Why, yes, I just did. It is unfortunate that the pressure, expectations and early-season crisis surrounding the team as it won only 11 of its first 26 games (11-10-5) created an environment under which the Rangers and head coach Gerard Gallant could not live with Jones’ growing (well) pains. That was unfortunate, but also understandable, even as I wrote several times that the 22-year-old Virginian merited more time on the second power-play unit that merited more time itself. Jones was not ready for prime time, and the Rangers didn’t have the time to nurture him at this level. There are exceptions, of course, and a pair of them in Fox and Miller are in this lineup, but defensemen generally need time to gestate in the American Hockey League. Even Ryan McDonagh needed time in Hartford. We are told Jones, generously listed at 5-foot-11, 179 pounds, has improved in his net-front defense and one-on-one play through the season in Hartford. This has been a learning year for the No. 68 overall selection of the 2019 draft. But crossroads are up ahead. Jones, a pending restricted free agent without arbitration rights coming off his entry-level deal worth $925,000 in average annual value, will no longer be exempt from waivers next season. Thus, the likelihood is that he would be somewhere else if he can’t stick in a camp that presumably will feature a competition for a spot with Harpur and Matt Robertson. That, of course, is if Jones makes it through the March 3 trade deadline — and then makes it through the summer. GM Chris Drury is essentially walling off the club’s remaining first-round pick and blue chippers including Brennan Othmann, Will Cuylle and Adam Sykora from trade talks. If the Blueshirts make one more splash, someone is going to have to go. Jones might be the most valuable of the remaining assets. The Rangers, by the way, got Lindgren from Boston in 2018 as part of the Rick Nash deal when the B’s walled off the prospects they valued more highly than No. 55. If Jones is a trade target, Drury will have to decide whether the defenseman has more value as a prospect or a chip. If we are talking a high-end trade target here, I get it. But it would be unfortunate if the club is unable to keep No. 6 before getting an up-close look at his potential ceiling. Early in camp, while competing for a job on a tryout, Jimmy Vesey told The Post he thought he could fill the Tyler Motte role on the fourth line. When the original Motte resurfaced as a Ranger at Monday morning’s skate after becoming the first player in team history to be acquired leading up to the deadline in consecutive seasons, I moseyed over to Vesey’s locker and asked who he was going to be now. The Harvard product didn’t miss a beat. “I can be Frank Vatrano,” Vesey said. Indeed, Vesey skated on the right on the line with Mika Zibanejad and Chris Kreider on Monday against the Jets. That’s where Vatrano slotted after his deadline acquisition a year ago. “Frank the Tank,” interjected an eavesdropping Kreider. “Frank the Tank,” Vesey agreed. Vatrano, you’ll recall, was renowned for his shoot-first mentality that served as a contrast to essentially every other top-nine forward on the team. In his 22 games wearing the Blueshirt, No. 77 averaged 9.94 shots per 60:00 and 15.5 attempts per 60:00 while at five-on-five. Vesey, who skated with Zibanejad and Kreider for the 13th game on Monday, has averaged 7.46 shots and 12.15 attempts per 60:00 in 56 contests. The Rangers may have misinterpreted Vitali Kravtsov’s request to be moved. On Monday, Kravtsov had been moved…or Kravtsov’s locker in the club’s training facility had been moved, to be precise. After having sat to Zibanejad’s right all year in the row to the right of the room’s front entrance, No. 74 had been relocated to a row to the left of the door to the locker previously occupied by Ryan Reaves and Jonny Brodzinski. Kravtsov’s original spot was empty. Asked why, the winger shrugged, and said, “I don’t know.” Maybe he and Zibanejad had been caught passing notes in class.