Forget an “Island In The Sun.” This summer, we’d rather be at Weezer’s star-studded ‘Indie Rock Roadtrip’ Tour. From June through September, the “Buddy Holly” rockers are taking Modest Mouse, Spoon, Future Islands, Momma, Joyce Manor and White Reaper along with them on select dates for what will surely be one of the biggest indie rock tours of the year. And, of course, they’ll hit New York. First, the ‘Indie Rock Roadtrip’ will swing into Canandaigua’s Constellation Brands Performing Arts Center on July 3. Ten days, later, Weezer and co. are set to make a pit stop at Queens’ Forest Hills Stadium at West Side Tennis Club on July 13. Then, after the tour ends, Weezer returns to the Northeast to play Asbury Park, NJ’s annual Sea.Hear.Now Festival on Sept. 17-18 alongside major headliners Foo Fighters, The Killers and The Beach Boys. For those that can’t wait for tickets, no need to worry — we’ve got you covered. Although inventory isn’t available on Ticketmaster until Friday, March 3, fans who want to ensure they have tickets ahead of time can purchase on sites like Vivid Seats before tickets are officially on sale. Vivid Seats is a secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand. They have a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and will be delivered before the event.  The ‘Indie Rock Roadtrip’ officially launches on June 4 at the Orion Amphitheater in Hunstville, AL. From there, the tour will land in major cities like Minneapolis (June 13), Philadelphia (June 27), Pittsburgh (July 11), Phoenix (Aug. 30) and Las Vegas (Sept. 1). Weezer’s summer road trip will sputter to a stop on Sept. 3 at PETCO Park in San Diego, CA. A complete calendar including all 30 tour dates, venues, show start times and links to buy tickets can be found here.  As of now, Weezer has four (!) festival commitments on their tour calendar. We’ve got everything you need to know about each of them — dates, locations, fellow headliners and cheapest tickets available — below. (Note: The New York Post confirmed all above prices at the publication time. All prices are subject to fluctuation and include additional fees at checkout.) Vivid Seats is a verified secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand. They offer a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and your tickets will be delivered prior to the event.  Unfortunately, all of the support acts listed above won’t be joining Weezer at every show. Believe us, we’re bummed out too. To cheer you up, we found each support act’s most streamed song on Spotify: Modest Mouse: “Float On” (320 million streams) Future Islands: “Seasons (Waiting On You)” (108 million streams) Spoon: “Inside Out” (87 million streams) Momma: ‘Biohazard” (2.2 million streams) Joyce Manor: “Constant Headache” (38 million streams) White Reaper: “Might Be Right” (15 million streams) Now that you’ve caught up with all the special guests, you can find out who is playing with the band by checking out their Instagram post below (make sure to click into the second slide to find the schedule).  The durable rockers keep testing the boundaries of music. Most recently, Weezer released the concept four-album “SZNZ” project. As you may have guessed, each of the four records represented a “season.” In late 2022, the band teased a Broadway show to accompany the new songs but threw in the towel due to low ticket sales and high production costs. Anyhow, you can still hear the band’s ambitious “SZNZ” albums here: “Spring,” “Summer,” “Autumn” and “Winter.” Don’t know where to start? We’re partial to the minimalistic yet grandiose “I Want A Dog” from “Winter” and the desperate urgency of “Francesca” courtesy of “Autumn.”  Time to bust out the skinny jeans and horn-rimmed glasses. Weezer and their friends aren’t the only indie acts taking their underground hits to venues all over North America this year. Here are just seven of our favorite indie acts on tour that you won’t want to miss in the next few months. • Death Cab for Cutie with The Postal Service • Yeah Yeah Yeahs • The National • Feist • The Smile • Beck with Phoenix • Arctic Monkeys Plus, LCD Soundsystem, boygenius and Steve Lacy are conducting a nationwide festival tour that you may want to keep an eye on as well if you want to maintain any shred of indie cred. Still want more? We knew you would. If that’s the case, check out our list of the 52 biggest concert tours in 2023 here.