It’s not even Valentine’s Day yet, but Frontgate is already looking forward to the summer. We’ve heard of Christmas in July, but July in January? Now we’ve heard it all. Not that we have an issue with it. We would give more than we’re willing to admit to have already booked a flight to anywhere named in the Beach Boys’ seminal 1988 smash “Kokomo” (to refresh your memory, that list includes: Bermuda, Aruba, Jamaica, the Bahamas, Martinique, Key Largo, Montego, the Florida Keys, and a fictional island off of the Florida Keys (Kokomo). Just because it’s still January, though, doesn’t mean that you can’t start shopping for outdoor furniture at End-of-the-Summer Sale prices. Frontgate certainly doesn’t think so. From now until this Friday, Feb. 3, Frontgate is hosting their Warm Welcome Event, offering up to 25% off site-wide (though some exclusions apply). We didn’t need anyone to tell us to daydream about the summer twice. Below, we’ve compiled a list of 15 of our favorite outdoor furniture sale items from Frontgate’s Warm Welcome Event, including pillows, chaises, umbrellas, bar stools, tables, statues, and more. Save nearly $1,000 on this Isola 3-Piece Loveseat Set in Natural Finish this week from Frontgate. You might not get a ton of use out of them in the next few months (unless you’re reading this in California), but this deal is too good to pass up. Summer you says thanks. Whether it’s over a table, or a living space, this 11′ Cantilever Round Side Mount Umbrella is sure to keep all of your guests cool and collected. Choose from colors like Kiwi, Navy, and Bronze, and save. If you’d prefer a slightly more low-key umbrella, this 9′ Round Contrast Border Umbrella is a great option for any outdoor space. Plus, you can shave around $100 off any color or frame you choose. Everyone will be basking where you got these new 100% alluminum Benton Accent Stools from this summer. Tell them what you want (we’re not judging) but make sure you say you got them on sale, thanks to your friends at the New York Post. Your guests would believe you if you told them that you rescued these Root Tables in Stone Finish from the beach, sanded them up, and stuck them right on your patio. Choose between the side table (left), coffee table (right) or both. Prefer a more traditional outdoor table option? Look no further than these Carlisle Cast-top Tables in Onyx Finish, marked down $40 each for Frontgate’s Warm Welcome Event this week. Weren’t you just saying you were in the market for an outdoor Teak Buffet? Today’s your lucky day.  Nab this top-of-the-line outdoor cabinet for over $100 off for a limited time. Ever worried you’ll run out of outdoor seating? Try this Cafe Rectangular Folding Table, perfect for storing away in the winter, and popping out for guests in the summer, now just $759. Rep the best botanical garden in the best city in the world with these New York Botanical Garden Floral outdoor Pillows, now just $127 each, and featuring orchids, azaleas, tiger lilies, and more. Why not feel like you’re lounging at the White Lotus all the time? Now you can, with these Resort Stripe Indoor/Outdoor Pillows from Frontgate. Choose from Bolster, Square, and Lumbar shapes, and 18 different color combinations. Our last pillows on the list (there were just so many nice options!) are these Colby Indoor/Outdoor Pillow Covers, now just $84. These cozy covers are available in Indigo, Ginko, and Clay colorways. Remember the last time you were taking a nightwalk to the carriage house and you stubbed your toe because you didn’t own even one Carriage House Lantern? Let Frontgate solve that for you, for less. Ok, we admit it. We dipped into the clearance section for this deal. But once we saw this pool float, we couldn’t pass it up. This Endless Summer Inflatable Chaise is a whopping $429 off while supplies last. Nab this deal, and you’ll be the MVP of the pool this summer. If you live in a climate where a balmy summer’s day can transform quickly into a chilly summer’s night, we recommend an outdoor heater. The Alpine Tabletop Heater from Frontgate, priced down over $100, regardless if you opt to buy one or two. You have all this great new outdoor furniture for summer, but you’d like friends to remember that you’re arty. Try these Bosquet Painted Spheres to add a nice little bit of “Oooh, what are those!” in your collection. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.