He’s working smarter, not harder — thanks to artificial intelligence. Mateo G., a 30-year-old from North Jersey who works on the administrative side of food and beverage production, has been covertly using ChatGPT at work for the last few weeks — and his boss is none the wiser. In fact, Mateo recently saved the day for his whole department when corporate “hounded” said supervisor for a massive spreadsheet project that would have taken weeks to complete. So, he went to the ChatGPT website and entered the data his boss needed organized, then instructed the bot to format it in an Excel-friendly manner. “It took 25 minutes, I showed it to her and that was exactly what she needed. It couldn’t have come out any better,” Mateo, who works from home half of the week and makes sure to never use ChatGPT on work devices, told The Post. “She was like, ‘Oh my God, this is amazing. I would have never been able to do this.'” As AI grows increasingly sophisticated and more widely available, more and more people are using it on-the-job — often without their bosses knowing. A February poll by professional social network Fishbowl found that 68% of professional ChatGPT users keep their usage quiet. Joël Kai Lenz, 27, a corporate writer based in London, keeps coy when he uses the technology. “I wouldn’t go out and scream it from the rooftops,” said Kai Lenz, who works from home three days a week. When clients ask how his work gets done so quickly, he dances around the topic, but ChatGPT’s time-saving properties can’t be denied. “It saves me up to an hour and a half each day,” he told The Post. “I’ll use it to research complex topics like ‘What are treasury bonds’ and I’ll tell it to write out an explanation of treasury bonds for 6-year-olds,” Kai Lenz said, adding that some of the bot’s writing has been published — with some tweaks and fact-checking. Joe Nakamoto, a Lisbon, Portugal-based reporter who covers Bitcoin, isn’t hiding the fact that he uses the technology. He’s pushing his newsroom to use it more. “I’m actively trying to work out ways of using ChatGPT to make this job easier,” Nakamoto told The Post. He was recently struggling to come up with a headline for an article so he asked the bot for some ideas. It quickly suggested 10. “Writer’s block just goes away,” he said. Beyond polishing writing and inspiring story ideas, it also saves tons of grunt work, Nakamoto added. “When I have a transcript of an interview, I can put it into ChatGPT and have it summarize and give me the four main takeaways,” he said. “It does it, instantly.” Some savvy bosses are also onboard. “I tell my people, this is the Google of our generation. I want them using it,” Allon Avgi, CEO and founder of Plainview, NY real estate investment firm AVGI, told The Post. “They use it to troubleshoot maintenance fixes. We’ve already saved money not needing to call in repair workers because ChatGPT showed us how to do it ourselves.” The AI also doubles as a handy legal aide, according to Avgi. “It can draft documents almost as good as an attorney would — if not better,” he added. “People shouldn’t have to hide that they’re using this.”