The “older” woman who took Prince Harry’s virginity kept the secret for 21 years out of “respect” for the prince, but now she’s opening up about the tale. In an exclusive TV interview on “Piers Morgan Uncensored,” Sasha Walpole shared her feelings on the Duke, 38, as well as his wife Meghan Markle, 41. New York Post columnist Piers Morgan asked Walpole, 40, her thoughts on the Duchess of Sussex and joked that they “share a lot in common.” “We do yeah, we both refer to him as ‘H,'” Walpole joked. Morgan added that “she’s gone from a digger to a gold digger,” referring to Walpole’s day job on a building site, to which she responded: “Yep! You can put it like that.” When asked if she thought Harry traded up or down from her by marrying Markle, Walpole said he “definitely” traded down. But Walpole couldn’t say whether or not Prince Harry seems happy to her. “He’s not the boy I remember, that’s for sure,” she admitted. “But again I’m not in his shoes, I have no idea what’s going on in his head, I haven’t seen him for 21 years.” In his memoir “Spare,” Prince Harry revealed that he lost his virginity to someone who he referred to as an “older woman,” though Walpole is just two years his senior. Walpole told the Sun that the two had a quickie when she was 19 during the summer of 2001. “It was literally wham-bam between two friends,” she said of the encounter, which took place in a field behind a pub where both had been drinking while celebrating Walpole’s birthday. “It wasn’t that glorious. We were drunk and having sex in a field,” she added. “It’s never going to be glorious.” Walpole said she initially never planned to talk about her moment with Harry, but now that it’s in the book, she feels she can. “I’ve kept this a secret for 21 years. I would never have said anything if he hadn’t put it in his book,” she said. “I have to say it in my words.” “Piers Morgan Uncensored” airs on TalkTV on weekdays at 8 p.m. on TalkTV in the UK. The show is also available on Sky 522, Sky Glass 508, Virgin Media 606, Freeview 237 and Freesat 217 as well as on DAB, Amazon Fire TV, Apple TV, Samsung TV Plus, YouTube, the Talk.TV website and TalkTV iOS and Android apps.