She didn’t give a rip. One woman took to TikTok recently to warn others about the dangers of wearing heavy earrings, as her earlobe ripped open after she ignored her friends’ warnings. Nicole, who goes by the username @nicoletjeran on the social media app, showed what happened to her after she wore heavy hoops. The video already has 1.3 million views and 164,700 likes. At the start of the 14-second clip, Nicole showed off various pictures of her wearing different pairs of huge hoop earrings. In one photo, it even appeared that she had multiple pairs in her ears. “POV: You should have listened to your friends when they told you to take the earrings out,” she wrote over top of the pictures in white text. The video then cut to a close-up of what her earlobe looked like now — and it had completely split down the middle. Though, she still had a smaller hoop earring in her second lobe piercing. “No more bigger the hoops x,” she wrote in the caption of the video. “My friends had told me for at least a year that my earlobe was getting close to the border and to take them out,” Nicole wrote to The Post. “I’m not entirely sure how it only happened in one ear.” She continued, “I was on the plane traveling and I looked on the floor and saw my earring, when I tried to put it back in there it was a gap!!! I didn’t even feel it split. I thought it would be bleeding or at least in pain, but I didn’t even know!” In the comments section of her post, many viewers were shocked at what happened to her. “New fear unlocked ,” one user commented. Another agreed, writing, “My jaw dropped.” Someone else tagged their friends in Nicole’s post, typing, “This is why i won’t wear hoops.” If you tear your earlobe, it has to be repaired with surgery, according to Healthline. This is because the scar tissue that was created during its tearing process prevents it from closing on its own. It’s recommended to only wearing heavy earrings for short periods of time, according to the outlet, and to avoid wearing them to bed. However, Nicole wasn’t alone in her heavy earring struggle — multiple people commented on her video with their own story, revealing that the same thing happened to them after wearing huge earrings. “Girl same,” one person wrote. “Recently I was wearing studs with the clear backing. The whole clear piece went thru the hole .” Someone else seconded, “My mom has to the same things. Got ripped out on a roller coaster.” “Omg this happened to me 2 days ago it just snapped through ,” a third user wrote. This is not the first time someone’s ear piercings have turned into disaster. Last year, a man had to go to the hospital after he lost his nose piercing in the night, and discovered that it ended up in his lung nearly five years later. Another woman from Queens had to get a liver transplant after being diagnosed with a mysterious infection that they linked to her nose piercing.