A Brooklyn man says socialist state Sen. Julia Salazar insulted his “stereotypical Jewish” looks after he had the chutzpah to criticize her record. The bizarre spat — which included a cameo by an ex-con who co-founded the Crazy Eddie electronics store — began last week after Salazar tweeted about attending a weekend meeting of the Black, Puerto Rican, Hispanic & Asian Legislative Caucus. The Democratic Socialist said it would be “another opportunity for people I have known for several years to suddenly realize I have 20 tattoos on my body.” Kelsey then tweeted a snarky response. “When your record is too far out there to get specific during campaign season … ‘I have 20 tattoos on my body,'” he wrote. Then Salazar, who has asserted she was Jewish on the campaign trail, and once falsely claimed to be an immigrant, tweeted a screenshot of David Kelsey’s Twitter bio along with an enlarged head shot of the bespectacled and bald-headed man. “Submitted without comment,” sniped the Brooklyn rep on the since deleted tweet, which Kelsey took as a jab at his features. “What can I say, Senator Salazar? My grandparents are actually Jewish. And this is how I look,” responded Kelsey, a Flatbush resident whose Twitter handle is @TheKvetcher. Kelsey, who runs an independent Jewish digital publishing business, told The Post, “I look stereotypically Jewish and she was just mocking that.” “Why blow my face up like that unless you’re making fun of my looks? Who cares what I look like?” he added. After Salazar tweeted Kelsey’s photo, she blocked him on her account, which was her personal Twitter feed. Sam Antar, the former CFO of the Crazy Eddie electronics stores, then inserted himself into the social media spat to defend Kelsey,  prompting Salazar to insist she wasn’t making fun of her critic. She then accused Kelsey of being obsessed with her, and slammed Antar as being “creepy.” Some Salazar supporters piled on about Kelsey, with one tweeting, “tbf, you do look completely f–king insane.” Kelsey has tweeted in the past about Salazar’s purported Jewish identity. She has said she converted to Judaism as an adult but never provided proof. She also once claimed to be an immigrant from Colombia, where her father was from, although she was born in Miami. The senator’s statements left some baffled. “Really can’t believe this thread. Coming from an elected official? This is how she spends her time on twitter or engages w constituents? Feels so 5th grade mean girl,” one Twitter user said. “Our tax $ hard at work. Not like we don’t have real issues to solve. Jeez.” Salazar did not  respond to a request for comment.