While we love shopping year-round, there’s something about the wintertime that’s more magical than ever: snuggling up in a cozy blanket, grabbing your hot cappuccino and online shopping from the comfort of home — feet up, of course. To help you romanticize this special season, we’re excited to unveil the New York Post Exclusive Winter Shopping event — a weeklong digital shopping spree that’s packed with the hottest deals from your favorite brands, including beauty, style, home and more. Ahead, click on the links below — with the corresponding promo code from the New York Post — to unlock savings galore. We’re shopping right along with you, so be sure to add favorite items from 50+ top brands to your cart ASAP (especially for Valentine’s Day gifting) before our event comes to a close on Feb. 9. When it comes to gift baskets and made-to-order gifts, no brand does it quite as exceptional as Harry & David. For a limited time, take 25% off its much-adored Valentine’s Day collection during the New York Post Exclusive Winter Shopping Event. It’s a sweet deal that we’re hopping on ourselves. Shop all Harry & David. If anti-aging is on your mind, pick up the top-of-the-line Delavie Sciences Aeonia Age Defying Serum. Not only does it help mitigate UV damage but its botanical-infused formulation is soothing, gentle and effective for any skin type. Shop all Delavie Sciences. For anything personalized, we always run to BaubleBar. Namely, its best-selling Bennett 18K Gold Tennis Necklace makes a wonderful gift — for a loved one or for yourself — and looks great for your 9-to-5 or date night out alike. Not to mention, the brand is one of the best for signature, timeless jewelry. Shop all BaubleBar. If you’re of a fan of CBD products to help relax and unwind (especially in the evenings), then we highly recommended adding the CBDistillery Full Spectrum CBD Oil Tincture. Better yet, all of the brand’s products are lab-tested to ensure the highest quality. Shop all CBDistillery. Snag a cool pair of shades for everyone in your family with Tifosi Optics, a premier destination for all things sunnies. During the New York Post Exclusive Winter Shopping Event, the brand is, graciously, providing readers with a 20% off sitewide discount. Shop all Tifosi Optics. They look like Crocs and are a sustainably made, comfortable pair. Kane Revive’s Active Recovery Shoe is an injected molded sneaker that’s specially designed for active recovery. They’re also washable, Brazilian-made and now, are BOGO 20% off. Shop all Kane Revive. QVC is one of our favorite online destinations for — well — just about anything, so we’re excited to share that the brand is extending 20% off purchases of $75 or more for the New York Post Exclusive Winter Shopping Event. Ready, set, shop! Shop all QVC. Meet one of our favorite skincare brands we reviewed: Alpyn Beauty. Formulated with clinical and natural, wild-crafted ingredients, we’re thrilled the brand is offering 10% off sitewide so you can try all of its soothing products for yourself (we’re the biggest fans). Shop all Alpyn Beauty. We’re going to give it to you straight — we’ve never met a more affordable and comfortable loungewear brand. Real Essentials (aka, the brand on Amazon that Mario Lopez stands behind) is one of our top picks, especially for its three-pack Women’s Cotton French Terry Lounge Joggers that we’ve been living in. Shop all Real Essentials. GlassesUSA is the place you should have all eyes on — literally. If you’re on the hunt for quality prescription eyeglasses and sunglasses (in short, you don’t want to spend hours at the optometrist’s counters), then the brand is one to order from. Simply upload your prescription, pick out your favorites and enjoy this sweet 40% off offer that won’t last for long. Shop all GlassesUSA. We reviewed the Hydrow Rower and one thing’s for sure: it’s one of the best pieces of workout equipment on the market. Not only are the hundreds of classes taught by professional rowers (who you’ll find in the water, no less), but its ergonomic seat and strength training-design is quite unmatched,. Shop all Hydrow. Designed for on-the-move activity — from tennis to dance cardio — Terez is one of our favorite athletic brands that’s comfortable, chic and cute. For a limited time, enjoy 20% off sitewide during the New York Post Exclusive Winter Shopping Event. Pro tip: run to these leggings. Shop all Terez. With its myriad of colorways and sustainable-first fabric, Wolven is an online treat to shop from. With elevated basics for both men and women, you’ll appreciate the suave, limited-time discount of 20% off sitewide to buy a gift for a loved one (or yourself!) Shop all Wolven. We’ve tried nearly all of Alpha-H’s skincare products and the brand is absolutely, positively worth the hype. One of its best-selling products (and wonderful for a self-care Sunday) is its Liquid Glycolic Acid 5%. Plus, it’s not too shabby to receive 20% off your purchase. Shop all Alpha-H. The scariest thought is running out of your cherished, much-treasured coffee. With Atlas Coffee Club, you don’t have to worry about that with its thoughtful, worldly subscription that’s now 50% off, just for New York Post Shopping readers. Trying coffee flavors from around the world never sounded so good. Shop all Atlas Coffee Club. There’s something about kicking your feet up and ordering some of your favorite wine blends online. No more rummaging through the liquor stores. For a limited time, Cameron Hughes Wine is offering 20% off sitewide during the New York Post Exclusive Winter Shopping Event. Prices vary just as much as its ample wine inventory, and we just had to shine a spotlight on its top-rated Columbia Valley Cabernet Sauvignon. Shop all Cameron Hughes Wine. Recommended to just about everyone we know IRL, Cozy Earth has it going on with luxe, hotel-grade bedding (and divinely soft apparel). We’re jumping for joy at its limited-time 30% off sale, especially for buying its best-selling Bamboo Sheet Set to sleep in unbeatable comfort. Shop all Cozy Earth. If your New Year’s resolution is to shop for more clean beauty products, we need to turn you on to Credo Beauty. If you’re looking to try a sampling of some of the best clean beauty brands on the market — from ILIA to OSEA — then add the Credo Clean Starter Kit to your cart on a 10% discount. Shop all Credo Beauty. You know how the saying goes: diamonds are a girl’s best friend. Well, we want to BFFs with some of the most ethically sourced and stunning diamonds there are at Grown Brilliance. The brand has a vast repertoire of everything from studs to necklaces and now, you’ll receive a free pair of diamond studs with every purchase. Shop all Grown Brilliance. Meet the work tote we’ve been using nonstop: the Lux and Nyx Origami Large Laptop Tote. It’s one of the best ones out there that won’t strain your shoulders (a huge, huge factor in determining which one we resort to) and has ample storage pockets for all of your on-the-go travels. Shop all Lux and Nyx. The brand that has overtaken half of our closet space is Petal & Pup. Its versatile styles have that flouncy, girly flair we love (and recently dropped at Target!) That said, we’re taking this 20% off deal and running with it for the dreamiest winter and spring fashions. Shop all Petal & Pup. One of the most meaningful gifts you can offer to a loved one is a faith-based coffee table book designed by none other than Alabaster Co. What’s wonderful about this brand is how it artfully curates books of the Bible in stunning, easy-to-read versions that add a touch of thoughtfulness to anyone’s space Shop all Alabaster Co. If you’re a lover of minimalist gold jewelry that’s sought after and timeless, Aurate New York is the crème de la crème. Stunningly, its Diamond Bezel Necklace is one we’d wear all the time, but you’ll be remiss to skip on its limited-time 30% off sitewide discount. Shop all Aurate New York. OK, we’re colored obsessed with Rosepops’ unique assortment of preserved roses. Not only do they scream perfect gift but it’s the ideal last-minute Valentine’s Day gift to purchase for your S.O. (or birthday, or anniversary). Shop all Rosepops. Meet one of our favorite athleisure brands that we truly can’t live without: Girlfriend Collective. Not only is everything curated from buttery soft, well-made fabrics but its versatile, flattering and practical fits are perfect for everybody (and we mean every body, thanks to its generous size range). Now, enjoy 25% off! Shop all Girlfriend Collective. Treat your body to Moon Juice, the brand with a mission to nourish your body with sustainably sourced supplements. Now, enjoy 15% off sitewide for a limited-time (oh, and enjoy the collagen boost in your morning smoothie or coffee). Shop all Moon Juice. If Oprah loves it, then we love it. As one of the icon’s favorite brands, MagicLinen has a slew of naturally cozy and lovely items on deck, from apparel to bedding. During the New York Post Exclusive Winter Shopping Event, the brand is offering a 10%-off sitewide discount for a happy extra. Shop all MagicLinen. As its name suggests, this chocolate brand is *beyond good.* Sourced from Madagascar, its array of delectable bars are perfect a la carté, or in this Pure Dark Madagascar Chocolate Set for $25. And, that’s before the 25% off sitewide discount kicks in. Shop all Beyond Good. Make magic happen at your vanity with Chantecaille’s Future Skin Gel Foundation. This skincare-first brand has an impressive collection of cosmetics, too, and we can’t stop raving about this lightweight, oil-free makeup product that we anticipate to be everyone’s new favorite. Shop all Chantecaille. Online thrift shopping hasn’t been easier — and, more affordable — with thredUP’s 35%-off sitewide discount just for NYPost Shopping readers. Onsite, you’ll find a soiree of apparel, accessories and more from some cherished brands like Madewell, Vince Camuto and more. Shop all thredUP. As made viral on TikTok, the Caudalie Vinergetic C+ Pore-Minimizing Instant Detox Mask has a near-instant effect when washed off the skin. It’s soothing, effective to *actually* mitigate the look of pores and will last you for many, many weeks of self-care solitutde. Even better, you can pick up this product and some other goodies on Caudalie’s site to redeem your free full-size cleanser. How great is that? Shop all Caudalie. If you’re running low on space (or, simply want a portable, easy-to-use system that’ll make you feel good), then we need to place the newly launched LIT AXIS Small Smart Gym on your radar. It’s more affordable than ever with this limited-time 20%-off discount, and we love how it’s designed for everybody — and every body. Shop all LIT METHOD. Also from LIT METHOD is its corporate gym-grade LIT Strength Training Machine. Though a pretty penny, you’ll save $200 for a limited time during the New York Post Exclusive Winter Shopping Event. Not to mention, you’ll have a surefire way to inspire your next training session. Shop all LIT METHOD. Looking to amplify your flush? Turn to LUXE Bidet for its top-rated NEO 180. For just over $50 (and, actually less, thanks to the New York Post Exclusive Winter Shopping Event), you’ll impress your household and your house guests with this swift number. Shop all LUXE Bidet. Send a long-distance gift to a loved one with GiftTree, a direct-to-consumer online destination for well-packaged bundles for every type of person. Namely, you’ll feel like a royal gifter with the brand’s The Royal Treatment Gift Basket. And, even better, the prices vary depending on what you’d like to include. Shop all GiftTree. Everyone loves a quality flower delivery, right? One of the most trusted names is, undeniably, 1-800-Flowers — a brand with blooming bouquets that we can’t stop ordering from. That said, this limited-time 25%-off discount is quite a steal. Oh, and the orchid is the brand’s 2023 Flower of the Year. Shop all 1-800-Flowers. This year, dress to impress with Bruno Marc. The brand not only has a classic catalog of men’s dress shoes but it has pairs designed for women that are just as elegant. What’s more, enjoy 20% off sitewide for a limited time during the New York Post Exclusive Winter Shopping Event. Shop all Bruno Marc. Tired of having weak nails? Turn to the FlexiNail Fingernail Conditioner for a treat-your-nails experience like no other. Better yet, you can do it at home (and snag 20% off for a limited time). Shop all FlexiNail. Long live the days when wet n wild flashed its signature eyeshadow trios (even though those are still popular). Since, the brand has expanded into a skin-boosting line of products, like its Prime Focus Pore-Minimizing Primer Serum. For less than $8, you’ll want to grab it before your getting-ready days. Shop all wet n wild. There’s nothing better than relishing in a brand-new outdoor patio furniture set before the springtime arises. Outer is one of our top brands, especially because it has wonderful collections — like this Brown 5-Seat Wicker Outdoor Sofa with Armless Chairs — that’s a nod to resort-style decor. Better yet, you’ll receive $200 off orders of $2,000 or more. Shop all Outer. Looking for your #girlsquad’s team of bridesmaid dresses? Adrianna Papell has you covered with its soiree of styles, especially the Hand-Beaded Blouson Long Sleeveless Gown (that we actually wore to a wedding we were in!) Plus, the brand’s 20% off discount applies to its cocktail dresses, apparel, accessories and more. Shop all Adrianna Papell. If you’re looking for sweet, healthier-than-the-norm wine, Fresh Vine Wine is where you should be ordering from. Co-owned by Nina Dobrev and Julianne Hough, its celbration-worthy bottles and blends are perfect to have on hand for your next night out. Shop all Fresh Vine Wine. For trendy cookware that’s also practical, lean into GIR’s 5-Piece Ultimate Tool Set during the New York Post Exclusive Winter Shopping Event. There’s a generously stocked catalog of essentials on its site and we adore the many color options that your new grabs come in. Shop all GIR. OK, cuteness! We can’t stop glossing over Letterfolk’s Tile Mat that truly completes the home. The brand has many other cute items on deck, all of which you’ll love with its limited-time 15%-off discount. Shop all Leterfolk. Yes, we’re getting saucy right now. The Haven’s Kitchen Sauce, Dressing & Marinade Variety Pack is now 15% off, courtesy of the New York Post Exclusive Winter Shopping Event. Cheers to your next upgraded salad and chicken breast. Shop all Haven’s Kitchen. It may still be winter (after all, you’re reading about our Exclusive Winter Shopping Event), but we’re currently dreaming about summer. Notably, Hermoza has some of the most well-made and flattering apparel and swimwear we’ve ever seen. Better yet, it’s all 20% off for a limited time. Shop all Hermoza. Looking for a nourishing skincare brand that’s celebrity-founded (hey, hey Alicia Keys). With the Keys Soulcare Golden Cleanser, your skin will feel ultra-soft (thanks to the Manuka honey), so much so that you’ll want to snag even more products with this sweet 15%-off sitewide discount. Shop all Keys Soulcare. We need to flag Well People on your radar if you’re a makeup lover. Namely, the brand’s best-selling Expressionist Pro Mascara is just $20 and, even better, you can enjoy 15% off sitewide for a limited time during the New York Post Exclusive Shopping Event. Shop all Well People. The Stratia Liquid Gold isn’t just a brand-bestseller, but it’s a surefire way to help improve the skin barrier with its deep moisturizing and soothing properties. It’s also apt for all skin types, making it a versatile and fairy priced item for the quality of the formulation. Shop all Stratia. For the tea lover you know (or, for yourself), we need to add Sips by to your radar. Not only does the brand have a robust repertoire of tea flavors and bundles but it’s simply something you have to try — especially with this 20% off sitewide discount. Shop all Sips by. Meet one of our favorite jewelry brands for timeless, elegant pieces: Anna Beck. This 20%-off discount is quite a treat, and you’ll want to shop either for yourself or the woman in your life for something worth wearing. Shop all Anna Beck. Treat the man in your life to the Moral Code Cortland Vegan Laptop Bag. Not only is it sleek and perfect for commute-based travels but the entire brand is well-made and 15% off sitewide. Shop all Moral Code. We all love reusable drinkware, and Brümate has some of the most practical, non-spill mugs, tumblers and other portables that are worth snagging ASAP, like its Toddy 16oz. Available in an array of hues and sizes, this discount is one you won’t want to miss. Shop all Brümate. When we receive a 50% off deal, we run. Especially for something as practical as a water filter (to ensure you’re drinking and using the freshest of H20), it hasn’t been a better time to shop at Aquasana. Plus, there are many items to choose from, depending on your preferred size. Shop all Aquasana. One of our favorite haircare and body brands (seriously, ever) is Raw Sugar Living, so we’re beyond excited that they’re offering 10% off sitewide off its nourishing line of products, like The Moisture Smoothie Shampoo. You’ll want to buy everything — just sayin’. Shop all Raw Sugar Living. For more content, check out the New York Post Shopping section.