Idris Elba has officially ruled himself out of being the next James Bond. The actor’s name has crept up in conversations about who the next Martini-sipping secret agent would be. But contrary to the rumors, it seems as though spy fans won’t be seeing Elba transform into 007 as he’s decided to shift his focus onto his starring role in BBC’s “Luther.” “We’ve been working on the TV show for about 10 years and so the natural ambition is to take it to the big screen, and so we’re here with the first movie,” the 50-year-old said. “You know, a lot of people talk about another character that begins with ‘J’ and ends with ‘B’ but I’m not going to be that guy. I’m going to be John Luther. That’s who I am.” Elba is set to star in “Luther: The Fallen Sun” set for release on Feb. 24. It’s the follow-up to the hit BBC series “Luther” which ran from 2010-2019 and starred Elba as tortured cop John Luther. In 2012, he won a Golden Globe for “Best Actor in a Limited Series, Anthology Series or Television Motion Picture” for his role. This means the search for the next Bond has been narrowed down yet again. After Daniel Craig stepped down from the role following his final Bond film “No Time to Die,” speculation has been rife about the next actor to take over the reins. Last year, producer Michael G. Wilson revealed the age of the actor who will suit up for the next film. “We’ve tried looking at younger people in the past,” Wilson said at a Bond event at the British Film Institute on Friday, according to Deadline. “But trying to visualize it doesn’t work.” Craig, who took over as Bond from Pierce Brosnan in 2006, was 38 years old, and went on to appear in four 007 films in total. “Remember, Bond’s already a veteran,” Wilson said. “He’s had some experience. He’s a person who has been through the wars, so to speak. He’s probably been in the SAS or something. He isn’t some kid out of high school that you can bring in and start off. That’s why it works for a thirty-something.” The oldest Bond was Roger Moore, who was 58 years old in “A View To A Kill,” his seventh and final outing as 007.