MSNBC aired the unredacted address of the Minnesota congresswoman who threw hot coffee to defend herself against an assailant in the elevator of her apartment building in Washington, DC, on Thursday, according to a report. MSNBC’s Hallie Jackson devoted a segment to covering the assault on Rep. Angie Craig (D-Minn.) during Thursday’s edition of “Hallie Jackson Reports.” Jackson, who described the incident as “disturbing,” interviewed the cable network’s Capitol Hill correspondent, Ryan Nobles, according to the news site Mediaite. During the segment, Jackson told her viewers that the network obtained the police report. “Our team has gotten the police report in the last hour,” Jackson said. She then read from the report which described the attacker as “acting erratic as if he was under the influence of an unknown substance.” As Jackson read from the report, MSNBC posted a copy of the police report which included Craig’s unredacted address. The police report was shown to viewers for at least 15 seconds, according to Mediaite. Nobles told viewers that the 50-year-old Craig “appears to be okay, at least physically after this attack.” He noted that the congresswoman was spotted on Capitol Hill that day. “She was already back on the job after what happened, so that is definitely a good sign,” Nobles said. The Post has sought comment from MSNBC. A statement posted to Craig’s official Twitter account stated on Thursday that the Democratic lawmaker had been assaulted at around 7:15 a.m. in her elevator. Craig “defended herself from the attacker and suffered bruising, but is otherwise physically okay,” the statement read. An aide to Craig wrote that she called 911 and the assailant fled. There is no evidence that the attack was politically motivated, according to Craig’s office. Investigators told MSNBC that the attacker was a homeless man “who found his way into the elevator with Congresswoman Craig, punched her in the chin and grabbed her around the neck.” Craig was then able to “fend him off by throwing hot coffee on him, and then he took off, got out of the elevator and ran.” The alleged assailant has been identified by police as 26-year-old Kendrick Hamlin, who also goes by the name Hamlin Khalil Hamlin. He was charged with simple assault in connection to the attack, according to a press release issued by the Metropolitan Police Department.