With spring training right around the corner, there’s no better way to warm up for baseball season than Tempe, AZ’s annual Innings Festival. Taking place Feb. 25 and Feb. 26 at Tempe Beach Park, the two-day extravaganza marries baseball and rock and roll to create an unforgettable weekend where fans can see their favorite music and sports stars all in one place. That being said, this year has quite a few bona fide All Stars raring and ready to go too. Just a few of the biggest rockers on this year’s lineup include Green Day, Eddie Vedder, Weezer, Black Crowes and Marcus Mumford. On the other side of the diamond, the most notable former MLBers in attendance include strikeout king Randy Johnson, DH legend Edgar Martinez, third baseman extraordinaire Matt Williams, center field virtuoso Mike Cameron (who also hit four home runs in a game) and hard throwing phenom Dontrelle Willis. And even though we’re approaching the bottom of the ninth for ticket buying options, we’re happy to report Vivid Seats still has inventory available. At the time of publication, the lowest price we could find on two-day passes was $737 before fees — while that may seem high, be aware that those are VIP tickets that include VIP access, dedicated entry and air conditioned restrooms. Saturday passes can be snagged for $462 before fees. $108 before fees was the best price for just Sunday. All prices are subject to fluctuation.  The aforementioned headliners aren’t all the acts playing the Innings Festival on Feb. 25 and 26. A fuller picture of all musicians and athletes set to appear can be found below.  While it might seem like the Houston Astros won the 2022 World Series just yesterday, Spring Training is nearly already here. Starting Feb. 25, the Cactus League will kick off all over the Valley of the Sun. Below, you’ll find a list of all the teams playing in AZ along with the names of their home stadiums and links to buy tickets. Arizona Diamondbacks (Salt River Fields at Talking Stick Resort in Scottsdale, AZ) Chicago Cubs (Sloan Park in Mesa, AZ) Chicago White Sox (Camelback Ranch in Glendale, AZ) Cincinnati Reds (Goodyear Park in Goodyear, AZ) Cleveland Guardians (Goodyear Park in Goodyear, AZ) Colorado Rockies (Salt River Fields at Talking Stick Resort in Scottsdale, AZ) Kansas City Royals (Surprise Stadium in Surprise, AZ) Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim (Tempe Diablo Stadium in Tempe, AZ) Los Angeles Dodgers (Camelback Ranch in Glendale, AZ) Milwaukee Brewers (American Family Fields of Phoenix in Phoenix, AZ) Oakland Athletics (Hohokam Stadium in Mesa, AZ) San Diego Padres (Peoria Sports Complex in Peoria, AZ) San Francisco Giants (Scottsdale Stadium in Scottsdale, AZ) Seattle Mariners (Peoria Sports Complex in Peoria, AZ) Texas Rangers (Surprise Stadium in Surprise, AZ)  From March 11 through March 21, 26 huge games will determine who wins the 2023 World Baseball Classic. Best of all, half the games are taking place at the Diamondbacks’ Chase Field. So, if you want to cheer for the best from Colombia, Mexico, the United States, Great Britain, and Canada, you can secure tickets for the high-stakes contests here.  Innings Festival is basically the first pitch of a long festival season. Here are just five of the biggest music festivals you won’t want to miss these next few months. Want to see who else is on the road? Check out our list of the 52 biggest concert tours in 2023 here.