That driver is getting a 0-star rating. One woman has gone viral after claiming that her Uber driver “sighed and complained” that she was in a wheelchair and then allegedly “cleaned his hands” after loading the chair into the car. The Tiktok was posted Thursday and has since gained nearly 500,000 views. “I love when Ubers sigh and complain about my wheelchair when I get into the car and then we sit in silence,” wrote Karlee Rose in the on-screen text. “He wiped his hands after putting it in,” read the video’s caption. The Post reached out to Uber for comment. The video has since started a debate in the comment section. “Did you report it? He can find another job. As a driver, it is to be expected to meet everyone and anyone in any way. Im so sorry girlie,” said one user. “I don’t understand those people. I see wheel chair and I’m like use my body as a ramp if you need,” stated another. “This is something my mom has to deal with all the time, she’s constantly getting canceled on and given attitude when they see her mobility device,” chimed in a third person. Some users attempted to defend the driver. “Did he touch the wheels when he put it in? You know the things that touch the ground? I’d wipe my hands too,” said one user. “I’m an Uber driver and accept all trips but if I’m helping you with your things you should tip and most ppl don’t which perhaps caused his attitude,” reasoned one person. Rose later posted two follow-up videos replying to a few select comments. “I’m seeing few mixed comments where some people are like ‘yeah the bottom of your wheels are gross. I would wipe my hands off too.'” said Rose. “This man full-on clapped his hands in front of me with the door open. Granted, I get you wanted to wipe your hands off and sure, that’s fine … I just felt it was rude.” “After I came out I was like ‘hey is it ok if I put my chair in your trunk? ‘ and he was just like,” continued Rose making sighing noises. “Doing sighs like that consistently like in front of my face.” In the second video, Rose shows viewers what a “nice” uber is with the car backing into the driveway and then later in the back seat saying that the driver is putting the chair in the trunk despite the rain.