New York Post readers can grab an amazing new customer offer with the Caesars Sportsbook promo code NPBONUSFULL. New customers can use the promo code to place an initial wager up to $1,250 on Caesars, and if it loses, that same amount is returned back as bet credits. So let’s say you sign up and make a first bet for $180 that loses — you would still get back $180 in bet credits, and so on up to $1,250. Click the link below for more information about Caesars’ offer before No. 22 San Diego State hosts Colorado State on Tuesday night. Not a college basketball fan? The new customer offer is good for any sport on Caesars. Bettors new to Caesars can use promo code NPBONUSFULL to get up to $1,250 in bet credits. It requires a first bet of at least $10, and there’s no need to worry about losing money because the amount wagered on losing bets gets returned back in bet credits. If you win, you receive your winnings just like normal. The promo code NPBONUSFULL also allows users to get 1,000 Tier credits and 1,000 Reward credits just for signing up. Tuesday’s college basketball slate wraps up in San Diego where the No. 22 San Diego State Aztecs host the Colorado State Rams. Caesars Sportsbook favors SDSU by 10.5 points in this matchup. The Aztecs are clearly the better team here, but it is tough to imagine them covering because it’s such a high number and they haven’t been playing their best basketball as of late. Even though San Diego State has won four games in a row, two of its wins were two-point road escapes, most recently a 45-43 victory over a bad Fresno State team on Wednesday. There is almost no reason to expect the Aztecs to lose to a 12-15 Colorado State team, but blowing it out won’t be easy, either. San Diego State has let some lower-tier teams hang around recently, so take the Rams to cover the spread using promo code NPBONUSFULL on Caesars Sportsbook. 21+. Available in AZ, CO, IA, IL, IN, KS, LA, MI, NJ, NY, TN, VA, WV only. Full T&C apply. Who doesn’t like a little extra bang for their buck? Caesars Profit Boosts increase the net winnings of your bet by a given percentage and can be applied to all sorts of bets. Profit Boosts can be used on straight bets (money line, spread, total) and parlays, but there are also boosts that are exclusively for straight bets only, parlays only, or even parlays with a set number of legs. Profit Boosts can be applied to a variety of sports and bet types, but only those available will appear in your bet slip. Make sure to look for any profit boosts in your ‘Bonus Drawer’ on Caesars Sportsbook.