When it comes to home investments, a quality mattress is worth every penny — after all, we do spend nearly half our lives in bed. The average American will spend 36 years in bed throughout their lifetime, but only about 53 percent actually enjoy their bed! Of course, the obvious way to make sure you’re not part of the 47 percent who aren’t enjoying their bed is by finding the perfect mattress and bedding. The problem? A new bed ensemble can cost a small fortune. Instead of dipping into your savings, taking advantage of a holiday sale is the way to go. Lucky for you, Presidents Day 2023 is just around the corner! From Casper to Avocado Mattress and Leesa, there are standout savings on a range of products to make bedtime so much better. Several of the deals even include bonus items with your purchase — like pillows or additional bedding goodies to make your sleep experience cozier than ever. Whether you’re looking for a firm mattress to help with back pain, a plush memory foam option that makes you feel like you’re sleeping on a cloud every night or a medium-firm mattress that is the perfect amount of softness and hardness — there are tons of brands that are selling elite, discounted options that can be delivered right to your doorstep. Ahead, find almost two dozen Presidents Day mattress, sheets, and bedding sales that have already started. Be sure to check back periodically, as we’ll update this article with more deals as they become available. Enjoy up to $700 off select mattresses and get two free Hybrid Pillows (a value of up to $278!) from Leesa this Presidents Day. Avocado is offering 10% off sitewide which gives you savings up to $880 on mattresses and up to $340 on solid wood bed frames. Plus enjoy discounts on select adjustable bases, bedding and pillows. Use the promo code SAVE10. Using the promo code PDS25, enjoy 25% off your mattress purchase and get two free Dream Pillows now through Feb. 26. Enjoy 25% off your mattress purchase and get two free Eco-Rest Pillows now through Feb. 26 with the promo code PDS25. Brooklyn Bedding is offering 30% off sitewide now through Feb. 20. Take 35% off any mattress purchase and get a free sleep bundle now through March 6 with the promo code PD35. From Feb. 14 to Feb. 28, Casper is offering 20% off mattresses and 10% off everything else, plus 10% on the Element Pro mattress and 25% off adjustables. Now through Feb. 27, enjoy $450 off any mattress, 30% off adjustable bed bundles and 40% off upholstered bed frames with a mattress purchase. Take $150 off any mattress from Zoma this Presidents Day until Feb. 27. Vaya is offering $300 off any mattress until Feb. 27 Enjoy 15% off sitewide for Presidents Day (excluding Last Call items and Spaces marketplace products) from Feb. 15-13. Enjoy up to $700 off select mattresses from Mattress Firm for a limited time. Brands like Sleepy’s, BeautyRest and Serta will also be up to 50% off. PlushBeds is offering up to $1,250 off mattresses, $599 in free bedding with a mattress purchase. 25% off toppers, pillows and bedding, and more now through Feb. 21. Plus, enjoy free shipping and returns. Enjoy savings on mattress brands like BeautyRest, Wayfair Sleep, Novilla and more for a limited time. Enjoy incredible mattress savings from Overstock this Presidents Day, including brands like Zinus, LUCID, Slumber Solutions and more. Amazon’s discounted mattress selection includes top brands like Casper, Leesa, Zinus, Amazon Basics and more. Enjoy incredible savings on Presidents Day mattress sales from Walmart this year. Brands include Zinus, Spa Sensations, Serta and more. For more sale content, check out the New York Post Shopping section.