This seems fishy. An astonished TikToker recently discovered caring for a pet fish could tank her monthly budget. In a viral TikTok that has netted over 60,000 views, the Missouri woman, who goes by @nicr__ online, seemed at a loss for words over the fees a Kansas City landlord is charging for a little swimmer. She included a screenshot of an online apartment listing that claims the landlord allows fish as long as it’s not an “aggressive breed” — albeit for a one-time $200 fee and a $15 monthly charge. “They’re now charging pet rent for fishes?” she captioned the video, which was posted last week. Nicole, from St. Louis, told The Post she was on the hunt for a place in Kansas City when she stumbled upon listings with “a lot of outlandish fees.” While the “fish fee was beyond insane,” she’s noticed other absurd monthly charges in her apartment search – including a “community fee” starting at $100. “I think we’re all frustrated with how landlords are able to get away with charging insane rents, but then to nickel and dime us for any and everything is beyond ridiculous,” she told The Post in an email, asking her last name be withheld for privacy reasons. She noticed the Westover at The Crosswalks listing with a fish fee on apartments.com, although she said she didn’t confirm if the owner would, in fact, charge her for a fish. The fees are the same for cats, dogs and birds, per the listing. Monthly rent ranges from $945 to $1,930 at the new, five-story complex, which features studios, one-bedroom and two-bedroom units. The Post reached out to the leasing office for comment. An employee who answered the phone said fish are allowed, but the tank cannot be larger than 25 gallons and must be in good condition (not leaking) and cleaned often to prevent odor. The Post was then referred to the resident services department, which declined further comment. The corporate office could not be immediately reached Saturday. On TikTok, viewers dropped Nicole a line in the comments section, calling her fin-d cray cray. “I didn’t think you needed permission for a fish lol,” one person carped. “Next they will be asking you to provide proof of spayed and neutering for your fish,” another puffed. “Just in case the fish rips up the carpet,” one user quipped. “Somebody had piranhas and messed it up for everybody,” clowned someone else. “$200 for a FISH?” snapped another shocked viewer. It’s typical for landlords to charge fees for pets — especially for cats and dogs — but some tenants are adamantly opposed to such charges, going great lengths to conceal their critters. One British woman even reported marrying her feline to dodge landlord fees, the nuptials signaling to apartment owners that the pair come as a packaged deal.