Above all else, a good concealer is a holy grail in your makeup kit. Why? Well, they can do just about anything. From brightening your cupid’s bow (for a bomb highlight above your lip) to covering up acne scars — and, best of all, for covering up dark circles under your eyes — your best concealer is indispensable. With makeup trends fading, a concealer is trusty enough to last the long haul. And it’s the perfect size to throw into a mini bag for a night out. After testing dozens of full-coverage foundations to find our top 18 favorites, we knew concealer was next on the horizon. Let’s face it, a great foundation (like our fave from Pat McGrath Labs), a quality concealer and some loose setting powder (like the best one ever from Anastasia Beverly Hills) make your makeup look seamless, flawless — just how you’d picture it. Below, find the 17 best concealers we tested out of 27 formulations, along with others that we enjoyed. With each concealer, we detail a cheat sheet of pros and cons, how long it lasted and specific shades we tried, among other notes. And all concealers are available in a wide range of shades. But first, learn from David Razzano, Sephora’s Beauty Director for a decade, on everything you need to know about shopping for and applying concealer. “Shopping for a concealer is a personal process – you need to think about what you want the concealer to do for you,” Razzano told The Post. “If you’re looking for a concealer to cover a blemish, then that may lead you to different options than if you are looking for something to use under the eye.” For under the eyes: A concealer for the under-eye area should have a smooth, silky formula that glides on and blends easily and evenly. This is important so that you can achieve the desired effect of coverage and brightening without adding unwanted texture to your eyes. “In general, a good concealer should last you eight to 12 hours,” Razzano said. “If you need to reapply, a trick I will use is to tap a small amount of lightweight eye cream (he recommends The Inkey List’s Caffeine Eye Cream) onto the area first — this will allow that thin skin to re-hydrate so it doesn’t dry the concealer out immediately, and it will gently melt down any powder you may have used to set the concealer originally.” “If you’re choosing a concealer to cover a blemish, you want to choose a shade that is an exact match to the area of the skin where you will be applying it,” Razzano said. “You absolutely do not want this concealer to be lighter than your skin because that will only draw attention to the blemish.” However, if you’re looking for an under-eye concealer, he recommends going one to two shades lighter than your skin tone to help brighten the area. “There’s no wrong way to apply a concealer; it depends more on your comfortability with tools and the desired result,” Razzano said. That said, he explained three tried-and-true methods, and what each one achieves: “An easy technique for under-eye concealer application is to apply three dots of concealer: one in the inner corner, one in the outer corner and one centered between,” Razzano said. Then, blend out in those areas. “This will give brightness in the three main areas that usually need it without applying too much product,” he added. “I prefer this method to the ‘triangle of light’ technique, which, in my opinion, gets too heavy.” Here are our top 18 favorite concealers: If one thing’s for sure, Rihanna sure knows her music and her makeup. The FENTY Beauty Pro Filt’r Instant Retouch Longwear Liquid Concealer is, without question, the star of the concealer game. It’s a multifunfctional product with sleek packaging, a divine formula and a price point of less than $30. We love it — and you will, too. As one of our tippity-top favorites, KVD Beauty’s Lock-It Concealer Crème truly surprised me. For one, it’s super-rich, hydrating and comes in sleek, no-mess packaging that’s a gem to use. Plus, it lasted for a whopping 14 hours with no streaking. Because of the brand’s full-coverage matte formulation, this concealer would be a great option if you want to cover up tattoos, too. Talk about incredible. The E.l.f. Cosmetics 16HR Camo Concealer is a definite repurchase for me, thanks to its buildable coverage and incredible brightening power (it didn’t leave my under eyes dull all day). Seriously, it’s the best drugstore concealer that mimics high-end splurges. For a sweet splurge, consider Dior’s ‘Dior Forever’ Skin Correct Concealer. It’s a great option for mature skin tones, too (my mom loves it), and it gives your skin an unmatched satin finish that makes your makeup look flawless. If there was an award for the best formulation and packaging duo, it would be given to Hourglass’ Vanish Airbrush Concealer. The subtly angled dough-foot applicator is specially contoured for beginners and is a quality concealer that’s perfect for a night out. As one of Razzano’s favorites, I can attest Milk Makeup’s Flex Concealer is wonderful for dry skin. I’m especially dry under my eyes and it livened up my skin — which can be difficult to do with bronzers, blushes and more added onto the face. Too Faced’s Born This Way made the cut in our best full-coverage foundations guide, and its Multi-Use Concealer is just as great. With a larger-than-life wand, it’s a heavy-duty concealer you’re sure to see results from. It even doubles as a highlighter (and a bronzer, too, if you go a few shades darker). The cult-favorite Tarte Shape Tape Concealer did, in fact, live up to its hype. If you’re looking for an all-around great option, its formula is solid and its brush is fantastic. If the packaging on Benefit Cosmetics’ Boi-ing Cakeless Full-Coverage Waterproof Liquid Concealer doesn’t sell you, its impeccable precision will. I was floored when I noticed how a little bit goes a long way on blemishes and other problem areas. If you want a no-frills concealer that’ll just do the job of brightening where need be, look no further than Sephora’s own Bright Future Gel Serum Concealer. It’s great for traveling, offers practical coverage and is less than $15 — a total steal. As one of the supreme favorites of this writer, Anastasia Beverly Hills did it again with its new Magic Touch Concealer. It’s great for everyday wear and it targets many different skin types and problem areas. And the jumbo, triangle-shaped brush is one of the most unique we’ve seen. At first, I thought Charlotte Tilbury’s Magic Vanish Color Corrector was a mini blush (it’s just too cute and compact). But, lo and behold, it’s a concealer with one of the creamiest finishes that’s easy to apply with your fingers. Tarte’s Maracuja Creaseless Undereye Concealer is worth every penny — and not just because of its name. It really does mitigate areas on the face where fine lines appear, making it a must-have for mature skin types especially. I’ve been using this concealer for a while and it’s one of the best for staying intact in the heat. Also, because of its jumbo brush, it’s great for covering up dark spots, acne and problem areas. Meet my go-to concealer from middle school and high school. Because it’s lightweight and skinny, it’s super delicate under the eyes and a hidden treasure for buildable coverage. I’ve been using Urban Decay’s Stay Naked Correcting Concealer for years and it simply doesn’t budge (and it’s currently on sale!). While it’s not the most long-wear foundation tested, it’s easy to blend, is super buildable and hassle-free to reapply. All hail Queen Selena. Her makeup line, Rare Beauty, is known for its clean ingredients — and that this concealer is. It instantly made my skin look fresh, with one caveat — it was slightly messier to apply than others. OK, Kosas is truly making strides in the concealer department with its Revealer Concealer. For $30, it’s a medium-coverage concealer and doubles as a spot treatment (in addition to serving as one of the most hydrating under-eye products). Plus, it’s one I carry with me at all times. For more content, check out the New York Post Shopping section.