“Rust” has found a new filming location as it’s set to move production from New Mexico to the Yellowstone Film Ranch in Montana. Filming is set to resume in the spring as Alec Baldwin, who faces involuntary manslaughter charges for the 2021 death of Halyna Hutchins despite his insistence he didn’t pull the trigger, returns as the lead in the Joel Souza-directed Western flick. “We’ve learned so much about Halyna as a friend and colleague, the depth of her artistry, and the lasting impact she had on so many,” Yellowstone Film Ranch co-founders Richard Gray, Carter Boehm, and Colin Davis said in a joint statement, per THR. “We are honored to play a role in the realization of her vision and to carry forward her inspiring legacy through championing this film.” “The dedication and passion of the entire ‘Rust’ production team to honor Halyna’s vision has deeply moved us,” they added. The film’s new filming location served as the backdrop for several films, including last year’s “Murder at Yellowstone City” as well as Nicolas Cage’s 2023 film “The Old Way.” In a separate statement, the film’s director Joel Souza, who was injured in the shooting, said resuming the film’s production and “honoring Halyna means the world to me and our entire production team.” “The beauty of Montana surpasses words, and the warm hospitality and kindness extended by everyone I’ve met has been both humbling and inspiring,” he said, adding that it’s a “privilege to work with such great partners as we see this through on Halyna’s behalf.” The film’s relocation comes days after the Santa Fe County District Attorney’s Office dropped the firearm-enhancement rap tied to an involuntary-manslaughter charge Baldwin, 64, is facing. However, the “30 Rock” star still faces a charge of involuntary manslaughter for the shooting, which would carry a lesser sentence of 18 months if convicted. The gun enhancement charge was also dropped against the movie’s armorer, Hannah Gutierrez-Reed. Hutchins, 42, was fatally shot on the movie set outside Sante Fe, N.M., on Oct. 21, 2021, after Baldwin’s prop gun discharged a live round and struck her in the chest. The father-of-eight settled a wrongful death lawsuit with Hutchins’ family last year before filing a negligence suit against four crew members. The complaint alleged that several crew members failed to maintain safety on set by handing him the loaded gun.