Much like Tom Brady, it appears his admirer, model Veronika Rajek, is also turning the page. On Wednesday, the same day the former Buccaneers quarterback, 45, revealed he was calling it a career after 23 seasons in the NFL, Rajek took to Instagram, where she also posted a “retirement”-centric message of her own. “So hard to retire from beach days, so enjoy while they last,” Rajek captioned the post which featured her modeling a vibrant red bikini. Rajek, who is reportedly married to Olympic bobsledder Viktor Rajek, supported Brady in what was his final year in the league. Back in December, the Fashion Nova ambassador gushed over the seven-time Super Bowl champion in an Instagram tribute after he orchestrated a last-minute win against the Saints. “I saw the LEGEND and if somebody asks me again if I love Brady, yes I love him, and show me somebody who doesn’t. Even his haters love him because they know he is the [greatest of all time],” Rajek wrote. “@tombrady thank you for an amazing show.” Brady, who helped lead the Buccaneers to a playoff berth this season, confirmed his retirement Wednesday — exactly one year after he announced he’d be stepping away from football only to return 40 days later in March 2022. “Good morning guys, I’ll get to the point right away. I’m retiring for good. I know the process was a pretty big deal last time, so, when I woke up this morning, I figured I’d just press record and let you guys know first. It won’t be longwinded. You only get one super-emotional retirement essay and I used mine up last year,” Brady said in an emotional Instagram video. “Really, thank you guys so much. To every single one of you for supporting me, my family, my friends, my teammates, my competitors I could go on forever. There’s too many. Thank you guys for allowing me to live my absolute dream. I wouldn’t change a thing. I love you all.” Brady was flooded with well-wishes from fans, his NFL family, and his ex-wife, Gisele Bündchen. “Wishing you only wonderful things in this new chapter of your life,” the 42-year-old supermodel commented on Instagram in response to Brady’s retirement reveal. Brady and Bündchen finalized their divorce in October after 13 years of marriage. They share two children together, son Benjamin, 13, and daughter Vivian, 10. Brady is also a dad to 15-year-old son Jack, whom he co-parents with his ex, actress Bridget Moynahan. Page Six reported Wednesday how Brady is focused is on his family as he navigates a new path ahead. “Brady gave everything he had to his final NFL season, but now he’s ready to give everything to his family and his new life,” a source said. “His kids ultimately were the reason why he made this decision.” In terms of his next steps romantically, Brady’s friends apparently want to channel their inner matchmakers. “No, he isn’t formally dating anyone right now. His friends want to set him up, but he’s all about the kids,” the source said. On the professional front Brady is expected to become Fox Sports’ lead NFL analyst next season after signing a massive 10-year, $375 million deal last spring.