Olivia Rodrigo has been living the sweet life ever since her May 2021 “Sour” debut. Skyrocketing to fame like a firework, the megastar has become a mainstay at awards shows due to her massive hit songs “Driver’s License” and “Good 4 U” and album “Sour”—even garnering a host of Grammys (one of which she broke!). Even more impressive, according to Uproxx, “Sour” broke records and “solidified Rodrigo as the first-ever female solo artist to own four singles from the same album with over one billion individual Spotify streams: “Drivers License” (1.64 billion), “Deja Vu” (1.04 billion), “Good 4 U” (1.67 billion), and “Traitor” (1 billion).” As an AAPI celeb, the newest heir to the throne as a princess of pop raised awareness about how the pop music industry can now be more racially inclusive—and how icons can raise awareness about social and political issues on a vast level. So was Rodrigo, 20, always meant to be a starlet? Will she continue to pack on the hits, channeling heartbreak into art? Will she rise to eventually become the pop queen above her peers? Or will her time be more like a fifteen-minutes of fame, long forgotten? Olivia Rodrigo was born on February 20, 2003. This makes her a sensitive Pisces Sun with a romantic Libra Moon. Her birth time hasn’t been confirmed with me directly (get at me!), so instead, let’s focus on what we do, in fact, know. When it comes to elemental energy, Rodrigo is heavily composed of Air and Fire. This makes her greatly extroverted and highly passionate, expressive and feisty. When peering into her astrological aspects, we can learn a great deal about her personality, as well. The first key theme we can see is that—and I say this with all love and affection—Rodrigo is dramatic. Like, yes, drama queen. However, this is what makes her so bold and vibrant. Her birth chart screams this repeatedly—and intensely so. Now this doesn’t in any way mean she’s a bad person or destructive—she’s more masochistic than sadistic—but she does have an extreme side to her personality. Let’s break this down. First and foremost, her Sun, ruling her life force, is united with Uranus, the planet of rebellion. This makes her tremendously strong-willed and eccentric, determined to get her own way and to live in total alignment with her own code of ethics. She breaks from convention and thrives in doing so. She cannot be caged and demands freedom to live as vastly as possible. Her Mars, the planet of energy, stands exactly opposite Saturn, the planet of karma, which brings her immense willpower to get what she wants, even if she must be strategic to get it. Her Jupiter, the planet of expansion, also stands opposite Neptune, the planet of imagination. This amplifies her poetic and feeling nature, so much so that it reaches levels of theatricality and fantasy. Her Mars is then united with Pluto, which grants her a forceful temperament, driven for power and victory. On a good day, she can use all of her might to channel toward positive growth and aiding others. If she’s in a bad mood or been scorned, you can certainly assume she will not let it go unpunished.  The next major theme that rises up is that Rodrigo is emotional—so much so that it is as if she possesses a never-ending depth to her heart and soul that she can draw upon as a resource for her work and material. Her Moon, which mirrors her inner world, makes so many connections to other planets, adding layers of sensitivity and intensity to her emotional world. First, her Moon links to Venus, bringing her artistic brilliance, personal charm and popularity, but can also make it hard for her to let go of lost love. Her Moon then dances with Pluto, which can at times give her an “all or nothing,” “black or white” perspective—especially on matters relating to emotions. Luckily, her Moon stands opposite Jupiter, which can give her a larger-than-life personality at times, as well as a talkative and clever nature. Her Moon also shakes hands with Neptune, bringing her a poetic spirit, an idealistic perspective and incredible magnetism to enchant those around her. Her Moon then smiles upon Mars, bringing her a feisty, courageous and daring personality, as well as Saturn, which further amplifies her extremely sensitive temperament. So what lies ahead for Ms. Rodrigo? New love? Heartbreak? More mega hits? Let’s take a peek. The first thing I see written in her chart is that she is—and has been—experiencing significant destined events around true love and friendships. She’s shedding those people who aren’t in alignment with her true spirit and future, while meeting soulmate connections who are. These themes began at the end of 2021 and echo until 2023. Beginning in 2023, an eclipse cycle will start to highlight both her domestic and professional lives—likely seeing her move or renovate on the home front, while also splashing accolades upon her in her career. This trend also echoes into 2024. Backing up to 2022, the summer looks hot for her dating and sex life. However, my favorite thing of all for her is that Jupiter, the planet of miracles, will spin within her sector of true love and romance beginning at the onset of 2024 for nearly a year. This is when she will likely fall in love more deeply than ever before—whether that’s with someone new or the one she will have at her side. Keep soaring, Rodrigo. The best still lies ahead. You heard it here first. Astrology 101: Your guide to the stars Kyle Thomas is a globally recognized pop culture astrologer who has been featured in “Access Hollywood,” E! Entertainment, NBC & ABC television, Cosmopolitan Magazine, Hulu, Bustle, Elite Daily, Marie Claire and more. He is known for his cosmic guidance for celebrities, business executives and prominent influencers. His work harnesses the power of the stars in regards to entertainment lifestyle and trends affecting people worldwide. For more information, visit KyleThomasAstrology.com.