Ordering a Happy Meal shouldn’t make your server miserable. One TikTok user is getting real about the things that will make fast food service workers hate you — and it includes your toddler. Andrew, who goes by the username @rawcritix on the social media app, has worked in the food service industry for 15 years. His viral video has already climbed to reach more than 78,800 views. In the video, Andrew explained that the two things he believes workers hate the most are not having your money ready in time at the drive-thru window and asking your toddler what they want to eat while you’re ordering. He began the two-minute and six-second clip by explaining the money theory. “Nothing infuriates us more than standing at that window, waiting for you to be like, ‘Oh, okay,’ go to grab your credit card or your bills or where ever it is that you have money,” he explained. The Post attempted to reach out to the TikTok creator but was unsuccessful. Andrew continued, “You had all that time while you were waiting that you could’ve gotten the money, but no, you waited until you got to the window to begin the hunt for your money.” He explained that the worker at the window has about “1,000” other things to do — like taking other orders and doing dishes — so waiting for people to find their cash to pay for an order at the window is “definitely” not one of those things. The TikTok creator then got into his explanation about toddlers, claiming that they’re not able to properly explain what they want. “Do you remember being a toddler?” he asked. “Your toddler has the brain capacity of a spastic puppy, okay? Do you really think they can articulate the words to be like, ‘I would like a number two please?'” Andrew advised that parents just order for their young children instead. However, his takes drew up some debate in the comments section of the video, with some people especially fuming about having your money ready. “How the hell are you supposed to grab money out of your purse when you’re driving from point A to point B?” one viewer commented. Another agreed, typing, “Ye let me just drive round a corner whilst getting money out of my wallet perfectly reasonable.” “Yeah that’s safe to do,” one person lamented. “You either hold up the drive through or do it while you drive which is incredibly dangerous with those turns.” Some were on his side though. “I always get my money before I get to the window unless I couldn’t hear the total,” someone wrote. “I agree,” one viewer explained. “I can’t stand being behind someone digging for their money last minute.” Andrew is not the first food service worker to have some gripes about customers. Last summer, TikToker Audrey Karn explained the different categories she puts drive-thru patrons in, including the “no manners,” “that order from the passenger side,” “the gaslighter,” “cheapskate” and “the phone caller.” While some of those are self-explanatory, she claimed that the “gaslighter” is a customer who insists you gave them the wrong order, even though it was right, and the “phone caller” is the person who is on the phone and won’t end the call as you attempt to take their order.