Whatever President Joe Biden promises Tuesday in his State of the Union Address, expect the opposite. That’s his record. “My whole soul” is committed to “uniting our nation,” he claimed in inauguration speech. He’d be “a president for all Americans” and “end the uncivil war that pits red against blue” and “conservative versus liberal.” Ha! With that, he instantly began pushing a fiercely partisan agenda, refusing to negotiate with foes and demonizing Republicans, with the “Jim Crow 2.0” smear of Georgia only too typical. By last year, he was full-bore drumming up hate with claims that “MAGA Republicans” (basically all Republicans, he suggested) “threaten the very foundations of our republic.” In his 2021 address to Congress (effectively his first State of the Union), Biden vowed to get “millions of people” back to work (after Team Trump rolled out the COVID vaccine, though Joe never mentions that). Yet he imposed vaccine and mask mandates that only made reopening harder — and proved totally unprepared for the Delta and Omicron variants. He was also caught short as supply-chain snags upended the economy. The nation failed to recover all its lost jobs until August 2022. Meanwhile, his “American Rescue Plan” not only slowed reopening by discouraging the return to work, it also pumped trillions of borrowed cash into the economy, triggering historic jumps in inflation. For months he insisted those price hikes were “transitory”; as inflation raged past 9% last year, he was still promising to get “prices under control.” (They’re finally getting there, thanks exclusively to the Federal Reserve’s interest-rate hikes.) In that first speech to Congress, by the way, he also vowed that Vice President Kamala Harris would “get the job done” in addressing “the root causes of migration.” She got nothing done; the surge of migrants at the border has only kept growing. In last year’s SOTU, the prez promised his release of oil from the Strategic Petroleum Reserve would “blunt” surging prices. They quickly surged even more (natch!), topping $5 a gallon by June — as his team continued its war on oil. He also bragged of “joint patrols with Mexico and Guatemala,” more immigration judges and steps by South and Central American countries to help stem the flow of migrants — all with spectacularly little effect. Indeed, while he and his staff have repeatedly insisted the border’s under control, migrants have been streaming in from ever-farther-away places. Count on Biden to boast of his “progress” at the border yet again Tuesday, and again claim that his “economic plan is working.” Yet migrants continue to pour in, and more than four in 10 Americans say they’re worse off financially than when Biden took office, per a new ABC News/Washington Post poll (the most it’s ever found in 37 years of polling). Only 16% say they’re better off. Alas, their views reflect the nation’s true situation — unlike the miracles Biden keeps pretending he’s pulling off.