“Everything Everywhere All at Once” had a historic night at the 2023 SAG Awards on Sunday, but some fan-favorite shows and movies were shut out. The best actor in a film category was a tight race, but ultimately “Elvis” lead Austin Butler lost to “The Whale” star Brendan Fraser. Fraser, 54, also scored an award at the Critics Choice Awards in January over Butler. The pair will duke it out again come March at the Oscars. However, the “Carrie Diaries” alum, 31, won the Golden Globe and BAFTA best actor awards earlier this year for his role as the King of Rock ‘n’ Roll. “Black Panther: Wakanda Forever” star Angela Bassett was also snubbed last night, despite earning a Golden Globe and being nominated for a BAFTA. Although she was the first Marvel actress nominated for an Academy Award, 64-year-old Bassett lost to proud “nepo baby” Jamie Lee Curtis, who won for her role in “Everything Everywhere All at Once.” (Curtis is the daughter of Hollywood icons Tony Curtis and Janet Leigh.) Steven Spielberg’s semi-autobiographical family drama “The Fabelmans” also failed to win any awards. The movie scored two nods at the SAGs as well as seven nominations at this year’s Oscars, including Best Picture and Best Director. “The Banshees of Inisherin,” starring Brendan Gleeson and Colin Farrell, was nominated for five awards at the SAGs this year — but didn’t win a single one. The SAG-AFTRA confirmed to The Post that “Everything Everywhere All At Once” has “received the most SAG Award wins for a film” in history, winning outstanding performance overall, best actress for Michelle Yeoh, best supporting actor for Ke Huy Quan and best supporting actress for Curtis. As for the television industry, the Selena Gomez-Martin Short-Steve Martin comedy “Only Murders in the Building” lost out on all three categories it was nominated for. “Dead to Me” star Christina Applegate — who is currently battling multiple sclerosis — didn’t win a comedy series prize, despite previously noting that this year’s SAGs would probably be her last as she battles the disease. Bob Odenkirk was nominated for the final season of “Better Call Saul,” but was beaten out by “Ozark” star Jason Bateman for best actor in a drama series. The critically acclaimed shows “Barry,” “The Crown,” “Severance” and “Dahmer” were also left out of this year’s Screen Actors Guild Award wins.