An esteemed Brooklyn pastor was fatally struck by an SUV when she tripped in the street over the weekend, police said. Aracely Courtenay — a 50-year-old married mom of three who served as the “first lady” at Emmanuel Church of God — was trying to cross East 21st Street in Flatbush just before 7 p.m. Saturday when she stepped into a depression in the street and fell to the ground, cops said. She was hit by a 2015 Toyota Highlander heading north on East 21st Street and making a right turn onto Ditmas Avenue, authorities said. A 58-year-old man was behind the wheel of the vehicle and remained at the scene afterward, cops said. Courtenay, who suffered severe head trauma, was rushed to the Kings County Hospital Center, where she was pronounced dead. The church, located about a half-mile from the scene, posted a Facebook tribute on Sunday to Courtenay, whose husband, Bishop Curt Courtenay, serves as senior pastor. “Emmanuel Family, it is with a heavy heart that we share with you the untimely and unexpected passing of our beloved Pastor Aracely Courtenay, our 1st Lady,” the post said. “Again, your prayers are most needed at this time for God’s strength and as a family we will support and love on each other through this.” Courtenay worked in property management for eight years and coordinated housing for low- and moderate-income families, especially for single mothers, according to her bio on the church’s website. Within the church, she oversaw a women’s ministry and spent her time “encouraging, counseling and assisting women of all ages to arise out of their situations,” her biography said. In addition to her husband, she left behind her children, Gesai, Curt Jr. and Kayris. “We come with heavy hearts because of the loss of our very own first lady,” a minister told the grieving congregation at the start of the Sunday service, just hours after Courtenay’s death. “So we are a church that is broken-hearted this morning. But we have hope that we will see her again.” The SUV driver has not been charged.