The Buccaneers do not anticipate history repeating following Tom Brady’s retirement saga last year, but they’re keeping a candle burning — or, more specifically, turning on a “flashlight” — just in case. Speaking Tuesday from the NFL Scouting Combine in Indianapolis, Buccaneers general manager Jason Licht was asked about Brady’s decision to call it a career after 23 seasons in the league and if he believes it’s for real this time around. “Pretty much, yeah,” Licht said, according to Pro Football Talk. “I said I’d leave a desk lamp on. Before [Brady’s return] last year, I said I’d leave the light on. Maybe it’s a flashlight [this year]. I don’t know,” he continued. Brady announced in February of last year that he’d be stepping away from football. However, the seven-time Super Bowl champion changed course 40 days later and returned to the Buccaneers for the 2022 season. Brady endured challenges throughout the season, both personally and professionally, with the 45-year-old quarterback announcing in October 2022 that he and his wife, supermodel Gisele Bündchen, were divorcing after 13 years of marriage. And while Tampa Bay did advance to the postseason, the Buccaneers were knocked out of the wild-card round in January. In the weeks following the Buccaneers’ playoff loss, Brady confirmed in an emotional Instagram video that he’s retiring “for good.” Licht added Tuesday that he believes Brady has “gotten his mind set” in regard to the retirement decision. “I think he’s happy with his decision and we’re happy for him,” said Licht, who added the Buccaneers are “very excited” about third-year quarterback Kyle Trask. Brady, who recently enjoyed a winter getaway with his children, will transition into broadcasting in the fall of 2024, as he’s set to become the lead NFL analyst for Fox Sports. In a recent interview with Colin Cowherd, Brady said is looking forward to catching up on “other parts of [his] life” following retirement. The father of three shares son Benjamin, 13, and daughter Vivian, 10, with Bündchen, 42. Brady also co-parents 15-year-old son Jack with his ex, Bridget Moynahan.