They were glad to be back together. “Back to the Future” franchise stars Michael J. Fox, Christopher Lloyd, Lea Thompson and Tom Wilson reunited at a fan expo in Portland, Oregon, this past weekend. Thompson, 61, shared images and videos from their sweet get-together on Instagram. “Wow honestly had the best time today with my #bttf family,” read the caption on the post. “My favorite, favorite guy ever,” Thompson can be heard saying to Wilson in a video. “I love this lady,” replied Wilson. “It’s so great to see you. It’s so fabulous.” The 1985 film followed the journey of Marty McFly (Fox) as he goes back in time after an experiment by his friend Doc Brown (Lloyd) goes wrong and must ensure that his mother (Thompson) marries his father — otherwise, he will not exist. Along the way, they go up against bully Biff Tannen, played by Wilson. “Back to the Future” inspired two sequel films and an upcoming Broadway show, which is set to open in June 2023. In another brief video, Thompson chats up 84-year-old Lloyd. “Look who’s here!” Thompson said while flashing the camera in Lloyd’s direction. “Look what the cat dragged in!” The “Clue” star documented the time-altering occasion on his own Instagram. “Found the flux capacitor. Brought us all back to 2023 just in time for @fanexpoportland,” reads the caption. Both Lloyd and Fox, 61, reunited at New York ComicCon in 2022 nearly 40 years after the film’s release. The duo recalled the “instant chemistry” they had while filming. “The best part of the movie was working with Chris,” said Fox. According to Fox’s Instagram story, he loves “these FanExpo events and seeing some of my favorite people like Lea, Tom, Chris and all you #bttf heads. Heavy.” Despite fans clamoring for a fourth installment of the franchise, it is unlikely that Fox will star in a film due to the toll that Parkinson’s disease — with which he was diagnosed in 1991 — has taken on his body. Thompson, who directed episodes of the Paramount+ series “Star Trek: Picard,” also shared images with members of that cast, including Jonathan Frakes, Brent Spiner and Gates McFadden.