The New York Mets will play their first Spring Training games this weekend, so by now, we have a pretty good idea of how the betting market views Buck Showalter’s team. As it stands now – and things can change with injuries and player movement during Spring Training – the Mets are expected to be among the best teams in baseball. The necessary caveat is that they are a big-spending, high-profile team in a vast market where sports betting is not only legal but does bigger numbers than anywhere else in the country, so you’re going to pay a bit of a premium on the Mets. The Yankees Tax is now the New York Baseball Tax. All odds via Caesars and current as of Feb. 22. For the second season in a row, the Mets are among the favorites to win the World Series. Only the Astros (+550) and Yankees (+750) have shorter odds to win the championship. But this is a good reminder that you must consider the path when betting on a team to win the championship in any sport. The Mets are a talented team, and their owner is pot-committed to spending as much money as it takes to win, but they’re in a tough division with the Atlanta Braves and Philadelphia Phillies. Plenty of smart people, including the Action Network’s Sean Zerillo, believe the Braves should be the favorite in the NL and are a World Series bet at +1000, which really drives home the point that it’s unlikely that the Mets just cruise into October. I’ll never judge anybody for chucking some money on the team they root for to win a ring, but from a value standpoint, this price seems to flatter the Mets a bit. Jacob deGrom has moved on to the Texas Rangers, but the Mets still have two of the favorites to win the Cy Young. Justin Verlander is the co-favorite to win the award with Corbin Burnes at +500, while Max Scherzer is +700. Edwin Diaz, who is the favorite to lead the MLB in saves at +800, is sitting at +7500 to win the Cy Young. On the other side of the ball, Pete Alonso is the Met with the shortest National League MVP odds at +1400 and is also among the favorites to lead the MLB in home runs at +1200. Kodai Senga, who signed with the Mets this winter after posting sparkling numbers in Japan, is the fifth-favorite to win NL Rookie of the Year at +1000. The 30-year-old is projected to be a mid-rotation starter for the Mets in 2023.