The new year has not been kind to Bam Margera or Priscilla Presley, and as it turns out, the two share a surprising connection. The 43-year-old “Jackass” star reportedly posted two pictures with Elvis Presley’s widow, 77, Tuesday on his private Instagram account, @captaincreamstain. He captioned one of them, “Lunch with prescilla Presley,” spelling her name wrong. In the second photo, Margera suggested Presley was looking at a photo of his 5-year-old son, Phoenix Wolf Margera, although the image didn’t show a photograph or a screen. TMZ reports that while this pairing may seem random, Margera is friends with Presley’s off-the-grid son, Navarone Garibaldi Garcia, 35, who recently revealed he became addicted to heroin and fentanyl as a teenager. The news comes weeks after Presley’s daughter, Lisa Marie, died Jan. 12 at the age of 54. Her cause of death has not been announced. The only child of Elvis and Priscilla reportedly took opioids and lost a large amount of weight two months prior to her death, according to TMZ. Margera continues to struggle with his own addiction issues. His “Jackass” co-star and friend, Steve-O — who added Margera as the opening act on some of his “The Bucket List Tour” stops — recently penned a public message to the skateboarder, pleading for him to get help. “I’ve tired everything I can, but I can’t force you to get honest and do the work of recovery,” Steve-O allegedly commented on a since-deleted post on Margera’s Instagram. “I wish you could know how much I’ve hated feeling braced for news of your death, but you’re making it clear that I have no other choice. “You’re dying, brother, and it sucks that I can’t do anything to save you,” the daredevil concluded. As for Presley, she recently asked fans to “ignore the noise” surrounding the legal drama around Lisa Marie’s trust. “I loved Elvis very much as he loved me. Lisa is a result of our love. For anyone to think anything differently would be a travesty of the family legacy and would be disrespectful of what Elvis left behind in his life,” Presley told Page Six in a statement Friday. “There is an individual that bought their way into the family enterprise that is trying to speak on behalf of our family. This person is not a representative of Elvis or our family,” she went on, asking that the public allow her and her relatives “the time” they need “to work together and sort this out.”