It was a true nightmare at 30,000 feet. A Russian woman joined the ever-growing passenger hall of shame after undressing herself on a flight, biting a flight attendant and telling her fellow flyers they were all going to die. Footage of her epic mile-high meltdown is currently blowing up online. The flight-mare kicked off after the unruly traveler, named Anzhelika Moskvitina, 49, locked herself in the lavatory and began smoking while on an Aeroflot flight from Stavropol to Moscow, East 2 West News reported. The Moscow native, who was suspected of being intoxicated, then bared her chest to her fellow flyers, including children, while telling them they were all doomed. When a flight attendant attempted to pacify Moskvitina, she reportedly sunk her teeth into him, requiring him to seek medical treatment later after they landed. Accompanying footage shows the traveler from hell clutching her naked breasts while arguing with crew members in front of the emergency exit. “Lady, take a seat and get dressed. Where are your clothes?” a female stewardess says off-screen. “Do you understand you’re violating the behavior rules on the plane? There are children here. Respect them at least.” Unfortunately, her commands are ignored by the woman, who retorted, “I respect children. What’s more, I love children …” “I understand I’ll go to the mental hospital or a prison,” she adds. “But I want to go to the cockpit.” At one point, a crew member attempts to put a shirt over Moskvitina’s naked breasts, prompting her to scream “please go away.” The dramatic clip concludes with the bitten flight attendant, who still has blood on his shirt, approaching the crazed woman with plastic zip ties as she shrieks “leave me alone.” Thankfully, crew members and business class passengers were able to cuff the woman and put her bra back on. A doctor on board then monitored Moskvitina while the plane arrived at Moscow’s Sheremetyevo airport, whereupon she was detained by police. Aeroflot subsequently released a statement claiming that the Muscovite had been in “an inadequate state” and “grossly violated the rules of conduct on board the aircraft.” “Due to the passenger’s destructive behavior, the aircraft commander decided to use a means of restraint on her,” the airline described. They also implored the powers that be to implement new laws covering air rage, as well as a blacklist identifying unruly passengers. The woman has been informed that she could face criminal charges for wreaking havoc in the sky. With her mid-air meltdown, Moskvitina joins a rarified pantheon of terrible airline passengers. Other recent additions included an Abu Dhabi-bound passenger who spit on and assaulted crewmembers and a drunk woman who asked a fellow passenger if he wanted to make whoopie on a flight from Greece to New York City.