The year’s most theatrical rock show may be coming to a huge venue near you soon. Muse and special guest Evanescence are currently midway through their worldwide ‘Will Of The People Tour’ and have plenty of major stops left on their 2023 tour itinerary. That includes huge gigs at New York City’s Madison Square Garden on March 17 and Philadelphia’s Wells Fargo Center on March 19. Best of all though, you won’t have to make a “Supermassive Black Hole” in your wallet when Muse comes to your town. In fact, we found some tickets going for as low as $9 before fees on Vivid Seats to see the co-headliners live this spring. And it might just be us but we think that’s an absolute steal considering the truly eye-popping visuals that accompany the anthemic music at each and every one of their arena shows. So, if you want to hear the Guitar Hero classic “Knights of Cydonia” or Evanescence’s timeless “Bring Me To Life” live this year, here’s everything you need to know. All ticket prices listed above were found at the time of publication and are subject to fluctuation. Vivid Seats is a verified secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand. They offer a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and your tickets will be delivered prior to the event.  The ‘Will of the People Tour’ currently has 25 dates remaining in 2023. Just a few of the biggest cities remaining on the tour calendar include Houston (March 2), Denver (April 4), Los Angeles (April 6), Las Vegas (April 8) and Seattle (April 18). A complete calendar including all tour dates, venues, show start times and links to buy tickets can be found here.  As noted earlier, Muse is co-headlining with Evanescence on this run of shows. However, neither group will open their shows. That honor goes to Japanese opening act ONE OK ROCK. If you want a sample of their bombastic sound, we recommend starting with “Wherever You Are” which has been streamed on Spotify over 100 million times at the time of publication.  In 2022, Muse dropped the anthemic and introspective ten-track album “Will of the People.” Featuring standout tracks like the Queen-inspired banger “Liberation” or the otherworldly “Verona,” the record demonstrates the band doesn’t just stick to hard rock. They’re willing to dip their toes into many of rock’s subgenres. “This album goes from metal all the way to pop to my first version to an Adele song… a lot of electronica,” lead singer Matt Bellamy told Rolling Stone. “I genuinely think it’s our best album.” For those that want to hear Matt Bellamy, Dominic Howard and Chris Wolstenholme’s latest, you can find “Will of the People” here.  While Muse likes to experiment with their sound, they tend to keep their set lists tight. It makes sense given the pyrotechnics, costumes, confetti and jaw-dropping graphics that go into every concert. Check below to see what they’ll likely play at the show nearest you. 01.) “Will of the People”02.) “Interlude”03.) “Hysteria”04.) “Psycho”05.) “Bliss” 06.) “Won’t Stand Down” 07.) “Compliance”08.) “Thought Contagion”09.) “Verona” 10.) “Time Is Running Out”11.) “The 2nd Law: Isolated System” 12.) “Resistance” 13.) “You Make Me Feel Like It’s Halloween” 14.) “Madness” 15.) “We Are F—ing F—ed”16.) “The Dark Side” 17.) “Supermassive Black Hole”18.) “Plug In Baby”19.) “Behold, the Glove”20.) “Uprising”21.) “Prelude”22.) “Starlight”Encore: 23.) “Kill or Be Killed”24.) “Knights of Cydonia” The above set list came from a recent Muse concert on Feb. 25 in Chicago, IL courtesy of Set List FM.  Many bands that define rock radio are trekking all over North America this year. Here are just five of our favorite acts you won’t want to miss these next few months. • Metallica • Guns N Roses • Arctic Monkeys • Red Hot Chili Peppers • Fall Out Boy Want to expand your options? Check out our list of the 52 biggest concert tours in 2023 here.