There’s nothing like a vacation glow, but one man didn’t quite achieve the sun-kissed skin he had anticipated. Darren — or “Dazza” as he prefers to go by — decided to give himself a fake tan while on vacation in Benidorm, Spain, since he had a date planned for the next day. Unfortunately for UK-based Dazza, his vacay antics got the best of him, and he fell asleep after applying the lotion, only to wake up with a patchy orange tan and some excess color marks on his chest and neck. “I couldn’t believe the color I went, I tried to wash it off but I had no joy at all,” the 48-year-old told NeedToKnow.Online. Desperate to return to a human shade, he asked the woman next door, who had also been fake tanning, how to wash it off. “They said it would come off [in] the shower,” he shared. “But it didn’t.” To make matters worse, he shared his tanning failure with his date, and she promptly blocked him. Dazza posted about his epic fail on TikTok, where he regularly reveals his getaway antics and love of vacationing with his friend Graham, who had also documented the fail. Followers were in hysterics over his bronzed faux pas, offering him advice on how to help the situation. “Baking soda will get it off. Make it into a paste with oil or water,” one suggested. “Get coffee granules from a barista!!” added another. Others couldn’t help but compare it to a bodily function. “It looks like poo lol,” one user eloquently wrote. The tanned TikToker updated his followers the next day, showing how the dark brown had progressed to a more orange color. Although he was embarrassed at first about the mishap, he decided to embrace it and not let it ruin his time away in Spain. “My mate said there was no point in staying in and hiding so we decided to go out,” he said. “But because of some of my viral videos from Benidorm, I have a lot of people wanting pictures with me.” After an eventful week, Dazza said he had learned a lesson from the experience. “I’d never use that [fake tan] stuff again,” he declared.