Fresh off her electric Super Bowl halftime performance earlier this month, Oscar nominee Rihanna will perform at the awards ceremony on March 12. The “Shut Up and Drive” crooner, 35, will sing “Lift Me Up” — the theme from the Marvel film “Black Panther: Wakanda Forever,” the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences announced Thursday. Rihanna — who is pregnant with her second child — wrote the song with Tems, “Black Panther” director Ryan Coogler and Ludwig Göransson. The track is nominated for the Best Original Song Oscar. It’s Rihanna’s first Academy Award nomination. The other nominees for Best Original Song are “Applause” from “Tell It Like a Woman” by Diane Warren, “Hold My Hand” from “Top Gun: Maverick” by Lady Gaga and BloodPop, “Naatu Naatu” from “RRR” by M.M. Keeravaani and Chandrabose and Ryan Lott, David Byrne and Mitski’s track “This Is a Life” from “Everything Everywhere All at Once.” The Oscars, hosted by Jimmy Kimmel, will air on ABC at 8 p.m. Eastern from the Dolby Theatre in Los Angeles. Rihanna rocked the house during the Feb. 12 Super Bowl halftime show, where she unveiled her baby bump and sang a medley of her greatest hits from over the years. Her 13-minute performance included “Rude Boy,” “Umbrella” and “Work.” However, the Barbados-born crooner was also accused of lip-syncing. A few social media users alleged she didn’t sing live. “Amazing how Rihanna is able to keep singing even when she puts the mic aside and doesn’t move her lips at all,” one viewer snarked. “Too bad Rihanna is lip-syncing,” another claimed, adding footage of her cover of Kanye West’s song “All of the Lights,” in which her lips and the lyrics don’t match up. “You know I love you but that’s the worst lips sinc [sic] ever. OMG,” penned one person, while someone else wrote, “Lip-syncing at the Super Bowl should not be allowed.” The academy that hosts the Oscars noted Rihanna is a nine-time Grammy Award winner who boasts eight multiplatinum albums and 14 singles that reached No. 1 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart. The academy promised to announce more Oscars performers in the coming weeks.