The Super Bowl is the largest single entertainment or sporting event in America. And the people of interest surrounding the game aren’t confined to just the field. From players and coaches to broadcasters and entertainers and more, the Super Bowl features plenty of personalities to grab your attention. Here are The Post’s top 57 people to watch around Super Bowl 2023: Patrick Mahomes Fresh off winning his second MVP award Thursday night, the superstar quarterback now looks to add his second Super Bowl victory and continue to grow his legendary career. Travis Kelce Mahomes’ favorite option on offense, the all-time great tight end, who is seemingly always open on the field, is one of the most lethal pass-catchers in the NFL. Isaiah Pacheco A seventh-round pick out of Rutgers, the rookie running back has risen to the top of the Chiefs’ depth chart and energizes the offense. Kadarius Toney Injury nightmares marred the polarizing receiver’s time with the Giants, and again threaten to hamper him in the Super Bowl. If healthy, he offers head coach Andy Reid a dynamic option to get creative with. Marquez Valdes-Scantling With Mecole Hardman limited, the speedy receiver’s 71 yards led the Chiefs in the AFC Championship. Hardman will miss the Super Bowl, meaning Valdes-Scantling again will elevate into a bigger role. JuJu Smith-Schuster In his first season with the Chiefs after five years with the Steelers, the receiver recorded 933 yards in the regular season and has added 36 more yards in the playoffs. Chris Jones A force along the Chiefs’ defensive line, Jones, who was named to the All-Pro First Team, has racked up 17.5 sacks and 20 tackles for loss in 19 games between the regular season and playoffs. Nick Bolton The second-year linebacker, one of Kansas City’s six captains for the game, tallied a whopping 180 total tackles in the regular season — second-most in the NFL. L’Jarius Sneed The three other cornerbacks who play significant roles for the Chiefs are all rookies, making the experience the third-year Sneed provides invaluable. He exited the AFC Championship with a concussion and has been bothered by a knee injury, but is expected to play. Chad Henne Mahomes has been nursing a high ankle sprain since the divisional round, meaning there’s a chance his backup might have to see the field. Henne led a 98-yard touchdown drive against the Jaguars while Mahomes was briefly sidelined. Harrison Butker The Chiefs’ kicker has made all five of his field goal attempts and all five of his extra-point attempts in the playoffs. Jalen Hurts The Eagles’ offense revolves around their star quarterback, who has risen into elite company throughout a breakout third season in the league. Miles Sanders The former second-round pick out of Penn State led Philadelphia with 1,269 rushing yards in the regular season, and added 11 touchdowns as well. Jason Kelce Named to the All-Pro First Team for the fifth time, the Eagles’ 12-year pro is likely the best center in the NFL. And if you somehow haven’t heard by now, his brother is Chiefs star Travis. A.J. Brown The Eagles acquired the stud receiver in the offseason and subsequently secured him to a massive extension in order to take the offense to a new level. He did exactly that, hauling in 1,496 receiving yards and 11 touchdowns in the regular season. DeVonta Smith Enjoying a fruitful second season after being drafted in the first round out of Alabama, the receiver has developed into the perfect partner for Brown. Dallas Goedert In his first season after signing a lucrative extension with the Eagles, the versatile tight end is a game-changer both as a pass-catcher and as a blocker. James Bradberry The shutdown cornerback is a major reason why the Eagles surrendered the fewest passing yards per game in the regular season. He signed with the team after being cut by the Giants during the offseason. Haason Reddick Amid a career year, the red-hot pass-rusher had 16 sacks in the regular season and has only picked up steam in the playoffs, recording 3.5 sacks in the Eagles’ two postseason games. Brandon Graham In his 13th season with Philadelphia, the unique defensive tackle wreaks havoc both rushing the passer and stuffing the run. T.J. Edwards An undrafted free agent out of Wisconsin, the linebacker is now the Eagles’ leading tackler and communicates the defensive play calls to his teammates before each snap. Fletcher Cox The defensive lineman is a foundation of the Eagles’ core, and along with Jason Kelce and Graham, is one of seven players on the roster who was on the team that won Super Bowl LII in February 2018. Andy Reid Welcome to the Andy Reid Bowl. The beloved figure coached the Eagles for 14 seasons before spending the past 10 years in charge of the Chiefs. He looks to claim his second Super Bowl title, after he finally won his first with Kansas City following the 2019 season. Eric Bieniemy The Chiefs’ offensive coordinator is a constant name as a candidate on the head-coaching carousel as has constantly overseen high-end offenses throughout his five seasons in the position. Steve Spagnuolo “Spags” has won two Super Bowls as defensive coordinator, serving as the architect of the 2007 Giants’ ferocious battering of Tom Brady and the Patriots in Super Bowl XLII, then helping the Chiefs to their Super Bowl LIV victory over the 49ers. Nick Sirianni His heavily mocked introductory press conference seems like forever ago, as the Eagles’ young second-year head coach is now among the most-lauded in the league and was a finalist for Coach of the Year. Shane Streichen Just 37 years old, the Eagles’ offensive coordinator has engineered one of the most balanced and multi-faceted units in the NFL. Jonathan Gannon Philadelphia’s 40-year-old defensive coordinator has confusingly been the subject of ample criticism from fans despite overseeing a record-breaking unit and surrendering just 14 points so far in the playoffs. Kevin Burkhardt In his first season as Fox’s No. 1 NFL play-by-player after Joe Buck left for ESPN, Burkhardt, formerly a Mets field reporter for SNY, is making his Super Bowl debut announcing the game. Greg Olsen Well, this is a little awkward. The legendary ex-tight end is in his first season as Burkhardt’s partner and Fox’s No. 1 NFL color commentator after replacing Troy Aikman. Tom Brady, however, has a 10-year, $375 million deal with the network to take Olsen’s place, which he’ll do in 2024. Tom Brady The GOAT recently announced his second retirement, but it’s his next step — taking over Olsen’s spot after a year off — that will hover over the broadcast. Erin Andrews Fox’s longtime top sideline reporter, Andrews will be in the middle of the coverage for her fourth Super Bowl. Tom Rinaldi After joining Fox from ESPN in 2021, Rinaldi is making his first Super Bowl appearance as a sideline reporter. Mike Pereira A longtime NFL referee and supervisor of officiating, Pereira is now Fox’s lead rules analyst. Rihanna The second-best selling female music artist ever and a nine-time Grammy winner, RiRi will take center stage to perform the halftime show. Chris Stapleton The eight-time (including three last year) Grammy winning country singer will sing the national anthem. Sheryl Lee Ralph An Emmy-winning actress and singer, the “Abbott Elementary” star will sing “Lift Every Voice and Sing” before the game. Jason Derulo The hip-hop star has been scheduled to be the headline performer for NFL’s TikTok Tailgate pregame live stream, along with The Black Keys, but he suffered a broken foot in recent weeks and has been using a cane. It’s unclear how able he will be to perform. Babyface The R&B legend and 12-time Grammy winner, who also won his first Emmy last year, will sing “America the Beautiful” before the game. Ed and Donna Kelce The parents of Travis and Jason Kelce, who are set to become the first brothers to ever face each other in the Super Bowl. Kylie McDevitt Jason Kelce’s wife will be 38 weeks pregnant at the Super Bowl, and she’s bringing an OB-GYN with her to the game in case she goes into labor. Brittany Mahomes The recipient of constant backlash for her seemingly over-the-top celebrations at games and combativeness on social media, she has been dating Patrick Mahomes since high school. The two became engaged in 2020 and married in 2020. Jackson Mahomes Like Brittany Mahomes, Patrick’s brother Jackson has regularly stirred controversy and outrage for questionable social media posts, most notably filming a TikTok of himself dancing on Sean Taylor’s memorial logo when the Chiefs played at Washington in October 2021. Patrick Mahomes Sr. Long before Patrick Mahomes was tossing touchdowns, his father was hurling fastballs throughout an 11-year MLB career — two of which he played with the Mets. Bryonna Rivera Jalen Hurts’ girlfriend recently made a rare public appearance with him, holding hands with the star quarterback on the field after the NFC Championship win. The two have kept most of their relationship private. Gracie Hunt The Chiefs’ heiress and daughter of billionaire owner Clark Hunt is a pageant queen and won Miss Kansas USA in April 2021. Mike Trout MLB’s best player since he entered the league, the Angels superstar grew up in Millville, N.J., and is a die-hard Eagles fan, regularly attending games. He plans to be at the Super Bowl, just a few days before he reports for spring training. Bradley Cooper A rabid Eagles fan in his hit movie “Silver Linings Playbook,” the acclaimed actor is a devout fan in real life as well and constantly attends games — including the NFC Championship, where he was seen on camera celebrating animatedly. At -500, he’s tied with Joe Biden and any Kardashian sister for the most-likely celebrity sighting on the broadcast, per OddsShark. Clark Hunt The Chiefs’ owner is the son of team founder Lamar Hunt and grandson of oil tycoon H.L. Hunt, and was instrumental in the creation of the MLS. He’s also chairman of Hunt Sports Group, which owns FC Dallas in addition to the Chiefs. Carl Cheffers Let the flags fly. Cheffers is the lead referee for the game, and crews he oversaw called a league-high 214 penalties in 17 regular season games, or 12.6 a game. He’ll have somewhat of a new-look crew this time around, however. Howie Roseman The Eagles’ long-serving general manager is looking to capture his second Super Bowl in charge, orchestrating a masterful rebuilding from the 2017 title team. Brett Veach The Chiefs’ general manager shares strong Eagles ties, working for the team from 2004-12 before leaving for Kansas City with Andy Reid. Jeffrey Lurie The billionaire Eagles owner and movie producer bought the team in 1994, and is now one of only two owners in NFL history to hire three coaches who reached the Super Bowl (Andy Reid, Doug Pederson, Nick Sirianni). Roger Goodell The commissioner is always in the middle of all NFL discourse — whether it be officiating, player discipline, rule changes, etc. Jennifer Lopez and Ben Affleck Change the channel, Alex Rodriguez. “Bennifer” will be featured in a Dunkin’ Donuts commercial, which shows Affleck running a drive-thru line at his beloved establishment. Steve Martin and Ben Stiller The two iconic actor-comedians trade barbs and roast each other in a Pepsi commercial. Rob Gronkowski At some point during the game, the retired tight end will attempt a 25-yard field goal live in a FanDuel commercial for the “Kick of Destiny.” If he makes it, FanDuel users will win $10 million in free bets.