One person was arrested after dozens of protesters swarmed a drag queen storytelling event in London Saturday. Two groups faced off outside the Tate Britain art gallery as drag queen Aida H Dee led a story time for children inside. The far-right group Patriotic Alternative organized the anti-drag protest and waved flags that read, “No drag for kids!” and “Leave our kids alone!” They were met by pro-drag demonstrators led by Stand Up To Racism, who barricaded the London gallery to support the event. “What are you so afraid of? It’s just wigs and makeup,” the latter group chanted, video of the rally shows. Dozens of police officers separated the warring groups. One individual was arrested on suspicion of making a racially aggravated comment toward a police officer outside the gallery, BBC reported. Five people made their way inside and “caused a disruption” in parts of the building, but did not disrupt the book reading session, said Aida H Dee, who Tate described as an “ADHD, neurodivergent, queer hero of literature, theatre, and children’s entertainment.” The drag queen and children’s author ran three successful storytelling sessions despite the protests broiling outside. “We fight to tell the stories that our government would try to ban if they had the chance,” Drag Queen Story Hour UK tweeted. A pro-drag demonstrator told the BBC that she was protesting the “impingement on LGBTQ people’s rights.” “They are protesting about something truly wonderful that is just about expression and art and creativity,” said Alex, who declined to provide her last name. “I believe that actually panto for example has been a part of all entertainment forever and it fundamentally involves men in dresses telling stories to children.” Anti-drag protester Cheska told the outlet she believed drag queens were “not suitable” for children. “We have concerns because we feel that the costume Aida H Dee wears is sexually inappropriate,” she said. “We’re here because we feel that drag queens are great but for people who are over 18. We feel like they are not suitable for anyone who is under 18.” Debates over whether drag queen events are appropriate for children have been sweeping the globe in recent months. Protesters have lobbied outside of libraries in New York City and other major US cities. Last week, it was revealed Arkansas Gov. Sarah Huckabee Sanders is poised to sign a bill that would ban drag shows from public property in the state.