Happy Presidents Day, readers! Are you tired of hand-washing dishes like our founding fathers did? Ready to ditch the icebox and upgrade to an actual refrigerator in 2023? Looking forward to swapping out your broom for a state-of-the-art Samsung Bespoke Jet vacuum? If you’re in the market for some shiny new appliances this weekend, you’re in luck. The internet is chock-full of amazing appliance deals for Presidents Day, including at outlets like Best Buy, Amazon, Wayfair, and more. This Presidents Day, earn huge savings on some of our favorite tech and home brands, like Samsung, GE, Dyson, Keurig, KitchenAid, and more. Below, we’ve rounded up 12 of our favorite deals on home appliances, large and small, from four of our favorite outlets. Scroll through, or click on a link from the list below to navigate our highlighted deals. Whatever you do, just make sure to act fast, as, unlike our beautiful U.S. Constitution, these deals won’t last forever. Happy shopping! Save $1,200 on this French Door Counter-Depth Smart Refrigerator from LG, and store more food than any president before the 21st century was ever able to. Lucky you. A clean home is a happy home, especially over a long weekend. Save $100 on this Dyson Ball Animal 3 Extra Upright Vacuum, on sale now from Best Buy. What’s better than the smell of freshly laundered clothes? How about smelling freshly laundered clothes just after you’ve saved over $200? This state-of-the-art Bespoke 4-Door Flex Refrigerator in Navy Glass from Samsung is $1,500 off for Presidents Day Weekend. Need we say more? Save $1,000 on this Washer/Dryer set from Samsung. It’s sleek, powerful, under warranty, and costs $1,000 less than it normally does. We’re sold. Our founding fathers never lived to see a vacuum. But in fairness to them, we’ve never seen one like this. Score this high-powered, futuristic Bespoke Jet Stick Vacuum from Samsung for over $300 off. Let’s get cookin’! This GE 30″ Freestanding Range is under $575 for President’s Day, and it runs on gas, just like our founding fathers wanted. This bespoke, antique-looking Convection Range from ILVE is as high-powered (and beautiful) as they come. Save over $300 this Presidents Day weekend. Mix things up a little. No kitchen is complete without a Stand Mixer from KitchenAid. Save $50 this weekend, and bake some cupcakes to celebrate. We’ll have one! Save $40 on this Air Fryer from Amazon this Presidents Day, and make yourself the meal of chicken tenders and fries that Abe Lincoln never had. Some people like to celebrate Presidents Day with friends. Others use it as a moment of quiet reflection. If you belong to the latter category, pour yourself up a solitary cup of coffee with this Keurig K-Mini Plus, now $20 off on Amazon. An espresso machine fit for a king, or should we say president, this Breville Barista Express Espresso Machine is $150 off for Presidents Day Weekend. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.