TAMPA — On the day pitchers and catchers reported to George M. Steinbrenner Field, the Yankees revealed that one of them is already staring down surgery that could potentially cost him the season. Right-hander Frankie Montas is scheduled to undergo shoulder surgery next Tuesday, manager Aaron Boone announced on Wednesday, and in a best-case scenario would not be back until late this season. The extent of the surgery is yet to be determined, but Montas will receive a scope by Dr. Neal ElAttrache in Los Angeles that will allow doctors to find out exactly what part of his shoulder is causing him issues. “They have an idea [what’s wrong],” Boone said. “Once they’re in there, they’ll know do they have to touch the labrum or touch the rotator cuff. That’ll determine if you have to add weeks to the surgery.” “Best case is he would be back late in the season. … If it’s just a scope, then he could potentially be back late in the year.” Montas, 29, is set to become a free agent after this season. Last year, Montas dealt with shoulder inflammation that resulted in two stints on the injured list – including one shortly before the Yankees acquired him from the Athletics in July. Then he felt more discomfort during the offseason while trying to ramp up for spring training. “It’s been a couple different shutdowns where he was getting built up,” Boone said. “Then he went out and saw [Dr. Neal] ElAttrache, who cleared him to go again. He was building back up and just still wasn’t quite right.” Left-hander Nestor Cortes also entered camp with a hamstring strain, but Boone believes the left-hander could be ready for the start of the season. In Montas’ absence, Domingo German is expected to be the favorite to replace him in the rotation, with Clarke Schmidt also providing another option, though the Yankees’ starting depth falls off from there after trading away much of it last season. Three of those starting pitchers – Ken Waldichuk, JP Sears and Luis Medina – went to Oakland in the trade for Montas, which also landed the Yankees reliever Lou Trivino. Montas then pitched to a 6.35 ERA in 39 ⅔ innings with the Yankees before landing back on the IL in mid-September with the same shoulder issue.