This car will be fueling influencers’ clout. Mercedes-Benz revealed a brand-new E-series sedan on Wednesday that would allow drivers to film TikTok videos and access other apps while on the road, reports the Washington Post. “Customers can look forward to a particularly immersive entertainment experience in the new E‑Class,” Mercedes-Benz said in a statement. “Music, games and streaming content can be experienced in the car with almost all the senses.” TikTok also issued its own statement. “As we aim to expand that experience for our users, we’re excited to partner with Mercedes-Benz to introduce immersive in-car entertainment, which will give our community more opportunities to enjoy the content they love,” said TikTok’s director of distribution business development David Saidden. Mercedes has yet to announce the price of the new vehicle but the cost of the 2023 E-class starts at around $56,000, CNN Business reported. According to the car company, the new automobile will feature massive touch screens that will allow passengers to watch movies, TV shows, play games or explore various apps. Vehicle technology specialist Tom Leggett explained how the driver would be protected from being distracted on the road. “The Mercedes E-Class will be fitted with the latest Driver Monitoring System to prevent the risk of distraction for the driver,” explained Leggett to the Daily Mail. “A camera (usually in the driver’s display) analyses the driver’s eye movements and can detect whether the eyes are looking at the front passenger screen.” “If this is the case the brightness of the passenger screen is reduced, and a warning issued to the driver,” continued Leggett. “Additionally, the passenger display has ‘dual light control (DLC)’ that prevents dynamic content such as films from being seen peripherally by the person behind the wheel.” The car would also allow drivers to take selfies — while the car is stationary. “When the vehicle is stationary, the driver can participate in online video conferences via e.g. Webex, and take personal photos and videos,” stated the car giant. The car also allows drivers to experience music in a whole new way. “Pieces of music and the sound from films or apps can be, felt and now also ‘seen,'” said Mercedes-Benz. “For example, fast sequences of beats can cause rapid light changes, while flowing rhythms can create softly merging lighting moods.” The car also boasts “soothing sounds,” “activating light” and “mobilizing massage” and an anti-motion sickness program for those who TikTok on the go. Several online users rolled in with their own opinions. “Seems like a bad idea,” tweeted one person. “No thank you,” said another. “Maybe giant interactive screens and other distracting features shouldn’t be installed in two-ton death machines,” chimed in a third person. Mercedes-Benz’s latest creation is set to drive off the assembly line this summer in Europe before making its way to the US in the fall. The announcement comes just as policymakers are seeking to potentially ban apps like TikTok, citing threats to national security.