Missing British child Madeleine McCann’s parents have agreed to a DNA test for a Polish woman who believes she’s their daughter — though even representatives for the young woman making the stunning claims admit that her background is “messy.” Gerry and Kate McCann, whose 3-year-old daughter, Madeleine, disappeared on vacation in Portugal over 15 years ago, are following up on Julia Faustyna’s claims that she is the kidnapped toddler, a source told the Daily Beast this week. Faustyna, 21, became an internet sensation this month after she started posting on social media under the handle @iammadeleinemccann. Earlier this week, she updated her Instagram bio with “Kate and Gerry McCann agreed for DNA test!” In one of her first Instagram posts, Faustyna writes that she does not remember most of her early life except “holidays in a hot place where was [a] beach and White or very light couloured [sic] buildings with apartaments [sic].” Many of Faustyna’s posts document apparent physical similarities between herself and Madeleine, including a distinctive brown smudge on both girls’ right irises. “I have similar eyes, shape of face, ears, lips, I had the gap between the teeths [as Madeleine],” she wrote in one post alongside several photos of both herself and the missing tot. “I need to know the truth. I need [a] dna test and I need to talk with Madeleine’s parents. Help me!” In other posts, Faustyna points out perceived resemblances between herself and Gerry and Kate McCann. Madeleine, of Leicestershire, was last seen sleeping alongside her infant siblings in her family’s Praia de Luz vacation rental on May 3, 2007. When Kate McCann checked on her children around 10 p.m., she found the bedroom door and window open and Madeleine gone. In her posts, Faustyna also shared the police sketch of the man multiple witnesses saw carrying a child in the resort the night Madeleine disappeared. “I recognise this person..it looks very similar to my abbuser [sic],” she wrote. While it is unclear what kind of abuse Faustyna may have suffered, she makes references in her posts to being victimized by a “German pedophile.” News that the McCanns are reportedly pursuing Faustyna’s claims, however, comes amid growing concern about the young woman’s mental state. “[Julia’s] mental health at this moment is not good,” spokesperson Dr. Fia Johansson, also known as “Persian Medium,” shared in a video update to Faustyna’s Instagram profile on Monday. “She needs help,” Johansson continued, noting that Faustyna’s background is “challenging and messy.” Johansson did not reply to The Post’s request for a comment. A representative for Gerry and Kate McCann could also not be immediately reached. Though local authorities initially suspected Gerry and Kate of killing their daughter and disposing of her body, investigators later surmised that Madeleine was possibly kidnapped by German sex offender Christian Brückner. Authorities reportedly are still investigating Brückner, 45, who was formally identified as a suspect in the McCann case in April 2022. According to the Daily Beast, Brückner was a handyman in Praia de Luz at the time of Madeleine’s disappearance. He is serving a seven-year sentence for raping a 72-year-old woman at the resort in September 2005. “We welcome the news that the Portuguese authorities have declared a German man an ‘arguido’ [suspect] in relation to the disappearance of our beloved daughter Madeleine,” the McCanns wrote on their website following Brückner’s official identification last year. “Even though the possibility may be slim, we have not given up hope that Madeleine is still alive and we will be reunited with her.”