Leading up to the announcement of Fall Out Boy’s “So Much For (Tour) Dust,” the band teased fans on Twitter. “Things are looking overcast on the horizon,” the group tweeted on Jan. 30. “Check back tomorrow to see if weather conditions improve.” Lo and behold, the very next day, the band shared “Rise and shine! Today’s forecast is sunny with a chance of a tour announcement.” Now, that the tour has been announced some exciting details have come to light. Most importantly, we now know when and where Patrick Stump, Pete Wentz and co. are headed this summer. At the time of publication, the emo icons have announced 30 North American concert dates including shows at Forest Hills’ Forest Hills Stadium on Aug. 1, Darien Lake’s Darien Lake Performing Arts Center on Aug. 4, Holmdel’s PNC Bank Arts Center on Aug. 5 and Camden’s Freedom Mortgage Pavilion on Aug. 6. It should also be noted the “Sugar, We’re Goin’ Down” group is bringing a number of exciting support acts along for the ride. Joining the band at all shows are Bring Me The Horizon, Royal and the Serpent. Alkaline Trio, New Found Glory, Four Years Strong and The Academy Is will perform on select dates. And while Fall Out Boy’s tour was just announced, tickets can be secured as early as today. Although inventory isn’t available on Ticketmaster until Friday, Feb. 3, fans who want to ensure they have tickets ahead of time can purchase on sites like Vivid Seats before seats are officially on sale. Vivid Seats is a secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand. They have a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and will be delivered before the event.  The Chicago natives are kicking off their tour in a big way. On June 21, the quartet launch the “So Much For (Tour) Dust” at the Cubs’ home field aka Wrigley Field. From there, the band will hit major venues in Phoenix (June 30), Los Angeles (July 2), Charlotte (July 21), Toronto (July 30) and Boston (Aug. 2). Fall Out Boy closes their run of shows at Hartford, CT’s Xfinity Center on Oct. 15. A complete calendar featuring all Fall Out Boy tour dates, venues, show start times and links to buy tickets can be found here.  The band that brought the world “Dance, Dance” won’t just be trotting out the hits you know and love on tour. In addition to announcing their upcoming tour, they also released two singles in preparation for their yet-to-hit-the-shelves, new album “So Much (For) Dust.” Make sure to check out “Love From The Other Side” and “Heartbreak Feels So Good” before the tour so you can sing along when you hear them live.  As we pointed out earlier, Fall Out Boy is bringing along a number of early-aughts mainstays on their 2023 tour. In the off chance you’re not familiar with their work, here’s what you need to know about each of them. Bring Me The Horizon pivoted early in their career from deathcore to metalcore with elements of pop, classical and electronica. This melodious turn can certainly be heard in their most popular song, the anthemic “Can You Feel My Heart.” Their most recent record “Post Human: Survival Horror” can be heard here. Royal and the Serpent is led by New Jersey-born singer Ryan Santiago. Santiago, 28, saw her career take off after the success of the hypnotic single “Overwhelmed,” a tinkling, high-wire opus that switches tempos throughout taking listeners on a musical adventure through its two minute and 40 second runtime. Click here to check out her entire back catalog. Alkaline Trio has been keeping punk alive for years. The trio led by Matt Skiba has been active since 1996 and has amassed major commercial hits like “Mercy Me,” “Radio” and “Stupid Kid” over their four decades in the biz. Although they haven’t released an album since 2018’s “Is This Thing Cursed?” you should certainly check that record out if you’re looking for an introduction to the group’s pop-punk. New Found Glory won’t just be going on tour with Fall Out Boy in 2023. No, the punks are headliners in their own right and will play acoustic sets on tour in honor of their “Make The Most Of It” album this year from Jan. 31 through March 22. Also, we’d be absolutely remiss if we didn’t recommend checking out their smash hit “My Friends Over You” right now. Give it a listen. Four Years Strong are hard to categorize. Their heavy sound could be dubbed pop punk, melodic hardcore or easy core. We prefer to just say that they rock. Listen to the pulsing, non-stop thrash of “We All Float Down Here” if you don’t believe us. Then, fire up their 2020 album “Brain Pain” to really get yours socks rocked. The Academy Is also hails from Chicago just like Fall Out Boy. Although they identify as emo, their sound is fairly traditional pop-punk. Not that there’s anything wrong with that. Catchy singles like “About A Girl” go down like a spoonful of sugar. Amazingly, they haven’t dropped a new record since 2008’s “Fast Times At Barrington High” but that’s no problem — the album holds up.  Even though Panic! At The Disco just disbanded, many of the biggest groups from the ’90s and ’00s will hit major venues all over North America this year giving Millennials the perfect hit of nostalgia. Here are just five of the biggest tours you need to keep an eye on in the next few months. • Blink 182 • Paramore • Arctic Monkeys • Muse • The Killers Need more music in your life? Check out our list of the 52 biggest concert tours in 2023 here.