It looks like the boys from “Friends” pivoted away from Courteney Cox’s Hollywood Walk of Fame star ceremony. Cox, 58, who starred as Monica Geller on the series, was awarded a spot on the famed attraction on Monday and was joined by her fellow former sitcom co-stars, Jennifer Aniston and Lisa Kudrow. But the men from the cast of the hit 1990s TV show on NBC — Matt LeBlanc, Matthew Perry and David Schwimmer — were noticeably absent on Monday. The Post has reached out to all three of their representatives for comment. During the ceremony, Aniston, who starred as Rachel Green in the series, and Kudrow, known for her role as Phoebe Buffay, praised Cox and called her a “sister” to them, pointing out that they have all been friends for 30 years. “We’re very honored to be here today to speak on your behalf as your co-workers, your friends and your family, your sisters,” Aniston said, with Kudrow standing right next to her. “To be friends with Courteney is to be family with Courteney. She is responsible for all of that,” she continued. “From the beginning of when we met her, she was immediately inclusive, warm, loving, interested in everything about you.” The three of them embraced in a tender hug at the end of the speech. Afterward, Aniston posted a heartfelt message on Instagram for her dear friend as she shared photos of the special day. “Very proud on our girl @courteneycoxofficial today,” Aniston wrote. “I love these women with literally every ounce of my heart and soul  @lisakudrow and I were on a cloud being able to celebrate her and her incredible achievements .” Although the popular show ended in 2004 after running for 10 years, the cast got together for a reunion special that aired on HBO Max in May 2021. It was originally supposed to be a part of the platform’s launch in May 2020, but it was delayed due to the coronavirus pandemic. The special starred all six of the show’s original characters, including LeBlanc, who played Joey Tribbiani; Perry, who played Chandler Bing; and Schwimmer, who played Ross Geller. “It’s completely unscripted,” Kudrow told The Post at the time of the special. “It’s us seeing each other and they rebuilt the sets on [the show’s original Warner Bros soundstage] Stage 24. It’s done really well, too. But it’s us, and also just cutting around — there are clips and things.” Cox is not the only “Friends” mainstay who has a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame now — she joins friend Aniston, who was awarded the honor in February of 2012. However, Cox, Perry, Kudrow, LeBlanc and Schwimmer did not attend her ceremony, according to Reuters. Cox became the 2,750th person to get a star on the Walk of Fame in the television category.