She’s making OnlyFans family-friendly. Amber Rose, 39, revealed that she spoke with her 9-year-old son, Sebastian, about her career on OnlyFans after someone told him about it. During an appearance this week on Emily Ratajkowski’s podcast, “High Low with EmRata,” Rose detailed her conversation with her older son. “I just explained everything to him,” Rose shared. “Like, when it comes to women, you have to let women do what they need to do to support their families.” She continued: “You want to go to a nice school? Six Flags? Universal? Travel? Mommy has to make money.” It’s unclear how much Rose has earned from her time on OnlyFans, but she started on the platform in 2020, and her monthly subscription price is listed at $19.99 on the site. Rose said she thinks it’s better to be open about your body with your children and have those sometimes-awkward conversations, rather than having them learn things on TikTok or other social media. Sebastian also knows that the “Sister Code” star was once a stripper. “And he knows that I was a stripper years ago,” Rose said. “I feel like I desensitized — instead of him finding out when he’s 20.” And, it seemed like her message resonated, as she also revealed that her sons are “feminists already,” and that Sebastian, whom she shares with ex-husband Wiz Khalifa, has since defended women being on OnlyFans. She also shares 3-year-old son Slash Electric Alexander Edwards with ex Alexander “AE” Edwards, who is now in a relationship with singer Cher. Rose previously accused him of cheating on her with at least 12 women. On her Instagram page, Rose gives viewers a small taste of what she posts on OnlyFans, as she has unveiled some nearly nude and provocative snaps on social media. Rose is not the first star to find success on OnlyFans — “The Real Housewives of Miami” star and retired basketball standout Scottie Pippen’s ex-wife, Larsa Pippen, claimed she makes $10,000 per day on the platform, according to the Daily Mail. Influencer Blac Chyna reportedly earned $20 million per month, and actress Bella Thorne made an estimated $11 million per month, according to iHeart. The Post reached out to a rep for Rose for comment.