Groundhog Day pointed to six more weeks of cold and bitter winter weather. As the low temperatures and windchill continue to break records, you’re probably wondering how you can escape the cold. A vacation to someplace warmer is an intriguing idea, but you’ll still have to face the teeth-chattering temperatures when you return home. Space heaters, heated blankets, and fuzzy slippers are great ways to stay cozy at home, but not so much for your work commute, trips to the grocery store, or walking your dog. And sometimes, those insulated winter jackets still leave you shivering. Now, you can take all the benefits of a heated blanket on the go with a heated winter coat. Be snug and warm in winter with this heated coat from Helios, which is typically $230 but is on sale for only $50. Control the four independent heating panels with three different warmth levels and enjoy the option of using them independently or together to reach your desired level of warmth. This all operates with the simple click of a button. The detachable hood lined with 3M filling allows for year round use. The jacket also has a weather-resistant shield material that protects you from wind, rain, and snow. Simply plug in your power bank (not included with purchase) into the built-in USB power bank outlet and store it in the inside zipper pocket. It’s recommended to use a power bank with a minimum of 8,000mAh, as it must stay plugged in and turned on during use. The length of use depends on the capacity of your power bank, but you could carry multiples in the two additional front pockets so you’re never caught without power. Since the jacket itself does not hold a charge, it can be safely tossed in the washing machine and even the dryer on low. Besides offering incredible warmth in the freezing cold for errands and commutes, this heated coat can allow you to stay outside for even longer to do the activities you enjoy most. The Helios jacket can be the ideal gear for avid campers, fishermen, and other outdoor activities. Beat the bitter cold with a jacket that truly insulates. Get the Helios heated coat now for only $50 (reg. $230). Prices subject to change.