A TikTok of a service dog’s final Southwest flight has gone viral, leaving viewers in tears. Kaya, a German Shepard trained to comfort veterans with Post-traumatic stress disorder, has flown with Southwest nearly 250 times all over the country with her handler Cole Lyle. Southwest posted the TikTok Wednesday and it has since gained nearly 18 million views. The heroic dog was diagnosed with untreatable cancer and was transported home to live out her final days in peace. “We were honored to fly our loyal friend and hero, Kaya, home to rest after a lifetime of hard work. Throughout her career, Kaya flew with us over 250 times to help establish the PAWS Act which united Veterans with service dogs,” reads the video caption “We are so grateful to be a part of her legacy, and we thank her and her owner, Cole, for their many years of service.” The video shows the dog laying on a mat on the floor of the plane and later being helped off by Lyle. “We have a special guest on today’s flight,” the pilot can be heard saying in the video. “Kays is a german shepherd service dog who has been with her handler, Cole, since 2014. She was specifically trained to help veterans cope with mental health issues.” “Since the integration of the PAWS act, it is federal law that allows us to unify service dogs with Veterans with post-traumatic stress which was signed into law in 2021,” continued the pilot. “Sadly, Kaya was recently diagnosed with an untreatable cancer so we have the solemn honor of taking her on what will be her last flight as she goes home to rest where she was born and first met Cole.” The pilots then invited passengers to “show her some love” once they touched down in Dallas before thanking the duo for their service. Passengers on the plane can then be heard cheering and clapping. Several TikTok users were in floods over the pup’s final flight. “This made me cry. so sorry may Kaya rest in peace,” said one user before revealing the dog had passed on Tuesday. “Bawling my eyes out. God bless you Kaya,” said another user. “I’m literally in a puddle we Stan kaya she’s so beautiful and perfect we love you sweet girl,” cried a third person. “When she put her precious head up. Smiled on the way out of the terminal. Thank you for your service. Fly high Angel,” chimed in a fourth person.