Donut go breaking my heart. A Maine woman who says she works at Dunkin’ took to TikTok to claim she was accused of “ruining” a child’s day over a mere chocolate donut. Callie, who goes by the username @callliedrew on the social media app, reports a mom called her out for upsetting her daughter after revealing the store only had chocolate Munchkins — not full-sized donuts. The video has already served 418,000 views and 26,800 likes since it was posted last week. “Some lady just came through the drive-thru and asked for a chocolate glazed donut, and I was like, ‘We don’t have any, but we have chocolate glazed Munchkins,'” Callie explained. Munchkins are bite-size donut holes Dunkin’ offers on its menu. She continued, “The little girl in her backseat starts bawling her eyes out. You know what this woman said to me? ‘You hear that, you ruined her day.'” Callie shot a confused look to the camera at the end of the 17-second clip. She also wrote in the video’s caption, “Or teach your child that you don’t always get what you want in life instead of making me feel guilty for something I can’t control,” completing the message with the hashtag, “rude customer.” The Post reached out to Callie and Dunkin’ for comment. In the comments section, many users couldn’t believe the alleged treatment, with some even calling the mom “entitled.” “The entitlement of people is unreal,” one user declared. Another agreed, proclaiming, “Maybe parents should teach their kids that life isn’t fair and sometimes you don’t get your way. That what I was taught.” “Sometimes I wonder if I’m doing a good enough job as a parent bc I want the best for my kids then I hear a story like this & I’m like yup I’m good ,” someone else laughed. Some people shared what they would have done if they had been in that situation. “And I would have answered ‘santas not real’ and walked away ,” a TikToker joked. Another seconded, “I would have said ‘I didn’t, the person who’s enjoying the last chocolate donut did’.” “My intrusive thoughts would of taken over and I would of said, ‘good,'” one commenter insisted. Perhaps Callie can take inspiration from Ben Affleck. “The Tender Bar” star headlined a 2023 Super Bowl commercial for Dunkin’ in which he played an employee struggling to work the drive-thru window. He told one customer the store was out of coffee — and pretty much everything else. Affleck’s new bride, Jennifer Lopez, also appeared in the Super Bowl ad, which aired during Sunday’s game between the Philadelphia Eagles and Kansas City Chiefs. One of Affleck’s customers turned out to be Lopez, who asked him, “What are you doing here? Is this what you do when you say you’re going to work all day?”