New England had Deflategate. The Jersey Shore has Inflategate. A Wildwood carny rigged games on the boardwalk last summer by overinflating basketballs, state officials said. Amusement operator Christine Strothers was bounced from the boardwalk for 10 years and slapped with a $15,500 fine for running the ruse, authorities announced this week. Wannabe Steph Curry sharpshooters had virtually no chance at winning that stuffed teddy bear because the balls were inflated to three times their recommended pressure, NJ officials said. This caused the bloated basketballs to bounce erratically when they hit the rim or backboard. “There are always people looking to get over on other people,” said Cliff Jimenez, 56, the owner of Wildwood’s Watergate Deli on Pacific Avenue. “It’s unfortunate, but it’s the times we’re living in.” Even if the boardwalk hoopsters had somehow beaten the odds, they were still out of luck, officials said. The commission found Strothers displayed large plush animals that were not the actual prizes. “Every person who plays an amusement game in the State of New Jersey deserves a fair shot at winning a prize,” said Attorney General Matthew Platkin. “The Jersey Shore is one of the biggest draws in the state for families looking for fun and recreation and we are making sure those families are not being scammed out of their hard-earned money.” The $15,500 hit to Strothers’ wallet signifies “a penalty of $500 for each of the 31 basketballs found to have been overinflated” during multiple inspections in 2022, according to the 11-page order from the Legalized Games of Chance Control Commission, which is part of the state Department of Law and Public Safety. The order said Strothers had a history of violations, “including paying $16,500 in penalties for games operated in 2021.” The boardwalk pariah also allegedly played games with authorities. Strothers was given time to get a lawyer, but never did so and didn’t bother to show up at her hearing or provide a written response to refute the accusations, the order said. Strothers could not be reached for comment.