A man who calls himself a “trophy husband” has revealed that not only does he have three wives, but he doesn’t work! Comparing his role in the polyamorous family to that on a chessboard, dad-of-two Nick Davis says he doesn’t have a job because “the king doesn’t move around much” while the queens have all the power. Meanwhile, his three wives – April, Danielle and Jennifer – all have full-time professions. Nick met his first wife, April, at university 15 years ago before they welcomed Jennifer into their marriage nine years later. While it might sound unusual, 38-year-old April says she is happy having extra women in the relationship to meet Nick’s “needs”. “Nick’s a lot to handle. Let’s just say that… in a lot of ways. Nick is a lot to handle in the bed,” she told TLC’s Seeking Sister Wife program. “Nick’s a lot to handle in general with his personality. It’s nice to be able to have helping hands.” In fact, it was actually April who introduced her 39-year-old husband to 25-year-old Jennifer, who was 19 at the time, thinking she would be a good fit for their family. “It just became evident to me that she was a great person, there was a lot of high intellect in that big brain of hers and I knew that Nick would find her attractive,” April shared. Nick explained that he likes to be “snuggled up in the middle” of his wives at night, but that sex always occurs in a different area of the home with each wife. When the polyamorous family appeared on Seeking Sister Wife last year, they welcomed 22-year-old Danielle into their family. In a wedding ceremony with his other two wives by his side, Nick said he was “living the dream” as he committed to Danielle. “Having three wives, knowing that we’ve all solidified our union and brought it together like we have, it’s just unbelievable. I just feel like I’m just living a dream come true,” he said. “I honestly didn’t ever think I could be this happy,” Danielle added. “I didn’t think happiness like this existed until I found a love like this.” And now The Davis Family has grown even more after Jennifer welcomed their first child together, Vera, in June last year. Nick also has an older teenage son from a previous relationship.