How low can you go? One woman on TikTok revealed that after she found out that her boyfriend had cheated on her (twice!), she dropped all of his college classes and messed with his bank accounts to cause overdraft fees. In the video, which she has since deleted, user Rikki Jump had stitched her 50-second clip to respond to another user who had shared a tip for “non-lethal ways to mess somebody’s life up.” Jump’s response video has  more than 1 million views. She explained that her boyfriend had already cheated on her once, but she decided to take him back. About a year later, she unexpectedly stopped by his apartment to get some things — and realized he was cheating on her again. He had plastered his space with pictures of another girl and had a scrapbook made by her. “Obviously, I got there a little too early,” Jump joked. “So I had all of his passwords to everything, and I dropped all of his college classes and transferred all of his money from his checking account to his savings account, so he’d overdrafted a s – – t ton.” Although Jump may have felt justified at the time, she told The Post that she does have some regret about her ruse. “I’m pretty bummed about the whole thing — definitely was just reminiscing on something silly I did 12 years ago and did not expect it to go viral and certainly didn’t expect some people’s reactions!” she told The Post via direct message on Monday Many of her commenters did not agree with her initial moves either. “I probably wouldn’t admit to bank fraud on the internet someone might take it as a confession,” one viewer commented. Another agreed, writing, “If that was me you’d have a lawsuit on your hands.” “That’s f – – ked up what he did but that is going too far,” one person typed. “I’m sure this was funny as u look back on it but I think it’s a little mean,” someone seconded. However, others seemed to admire Jump for her behavior and praised the TikToker for standing up for herself. “You’re an inspiration,” someone wrote. One more user penned, “YOU ARE AMAZING.” Some even admitted the other “non-lethal” things they had done to their cheating exes in the past, too. “When my ex cheated on me I started sleeping with the ceo of his company just to emasculate him lol,” someone admitted. “I door dashed $300 worth of food to my house over the course of a few months from my exes [sic] card after he got someone else preggo ,” a woman claimed in the comments section. In a follow-up video, which was also since deleted, Jump admitted that she isn’t necessarily proud of her past actions, explaining that she was only 19 when she did this to her ex. “I don’t support this behavior,” she revealed when responding to a negative comment. “I was 19, I am 31 now, my frontal lobes weren’t fully developed, he’s fine, I’m therapized, let’s do that.” Jump also told The Post that no harm was actually done in the process of trying to retaliate. “I just want to make clear that he was fine afterward — he didn’t incur any overdraft fees and attended all of his classes,” she said. “If he had suffered any negative repercussions I would have gone out of my way to fix it and I wouldn’t have told the story.” She additionally hoped that her revenge ritual would help others to think before they (re)act. “If anything this can be a lesson to young girls out there to not be reactive and to not underestimate the power of the internet,” she told The Post. And she isn’t the only one to discover her partner is keeping secrets. Last year, one woman learned her husband of 25 years had a secret second family. Another found out that her boyfriend was cheating on her after picking up him and his other girlfriend in an Uber ride that she was driving.