In 2022, Pat Benatar and her husband Neil Giraldo were inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. This year, the two are going on a victory lap. From April 12 through April 29, Benatar and Giraldo are taking off on a quick eight-concert tour that includes three New York and New Jersey stops. First, the duo will play Port Chester’s Capitol Theatre on April 12, Huntington’s The Paramount on April 13 and New Brunswick’s State Theatre on April 16. Then, later in the year, the recent Rock Hall inductees are opening for Pink on her nationwide, stadium “Summer Carnival Tour.” If you can’t wait for tickets, that’s not a problem. Although inventory isn’t available on Ticketmaster until Friday, Feb. 10, fans who want to ensure they have tickets ahead of time can purchase on sites like Vivid Seats before seats are officially on sale. Vivid Seats is a secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand. They have a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and will be delivered before the event. Want to hear “Love Is A Battlefield,” “Hit Me With Your Best Shot,” “Heartbreaker,” “We Belong” and “Shadows In The Night” live this year? Here’s everything you need to know about how to make that happen.  A complete calendar of Benatar and Giraldo’s solo and Pink tour dates, venues and links to buy tickets can be found below. *All shows where Benatar will open for Pink are italicized.  Pink’s party gets started on July 24 and runs through Oct. 9. On the ambitious trek, the three-time Grammy winner is bringing along a handful of support acts — yes, there’s an embarrassment of musical riches on the “Summer Carnival Tour.” Joining Pink and Benatar on select dates are Brandi Carlile, Grouplove and DJ Kid Cutup. Looking for more details? We’ve got everything you need to know about the upcoming summer tour here.  While the 70-year-old New York City native has stayed fairly active post-pandemic and toured in 2022, she and Giraldo haven’t put out any new songs since their 2020 single “Together.” The mournful, four-minute piano ballad is clearly a reflection on the COVID-19 lockdowns as evidenced by the refrain “Distance will keep us together.” You can browse through Benatar’s legendary catalog and re-live the ’80s with her here.  On Nov. 5, 2022, Benatar and Giraldo cemented their place in Rock and Roll History when they were officially inducted alongside Duran Duran, Eminem, Eurythmics, Dolly Parton, Lionel Richie, and Carly Simon. At the raucous ceremony, Benatar sang “Love Is A Battlefield” live; a one-minute snippet of the performance can be seen below.  Giraldo, 67, began playing with Benatar in 1979; the two were wed in 1982. His contributions haven’t been minimal either — Giraldo produced both “Love Is a Battlefield” and “We Belong” and has performed on every single Benatar album. In addition to collaborating with his wife, the guitarist/producer worked with Rick Springfield on the iconic 80s anthem “Jesse’s Girl.”  Were the 80s really over 30 years ago? Time flies. Somehow, the biggest stars from the big hair era are still truckin’ along and touring all over North America in 2023. Here are just five of our favorite ’80s stars you won’t want to miss when they come to a city near you this year. • Madonna • Janet Jackson • REO Speedwagon • Def Leppard with Motley Crue • Bret Michaels with Night Ranger and Jefferson Starship Some might be saying, “Whoa, whoa, whoa. Benatar isn’t an ’80s star! She’s a classic rocker!” If that’s how you feel, we’ve got music options for you too — check out our list of the 22 biggest classic rockers on tour in 2023 here.