Jalen Brunson put on a show at The Garden with a star-studded crowd sitting court side on Monday night. The Knicks point guard dropped 40 points to defeat the Nets, 124-106, which snapped a nine-game losing streak against Brooklyn — and Iggy Azalea was fired up. Brunson and Azalea met on the court, where they shared a moment together after the game. The smiling pair hugged before they exchanged pleasantries, with Brunson holding a towel near his mouth. It’s unclear what was discussed, though the NBA star and Australian rapper appeared friendly. Azalea has been an NBA fan for years. The 32-year-old previously was engaged to former NBA player Nick Young. They split in 2016 after a video — recorded by Young’s former Lakers teammate D’Angelo Russell — surfaced showing Young discussing his relations with other women in a private conversation with Russell. ESPN reported the situation caused tension among the Lakers during Kobe Bryant’s farewell season. Azalea shared in a now-deleted tweet that she broke up with Young after discovering on security camera footage at their home that he cheated on her with other women. Want to catch a game? The Knicks schedule with links to buy tickets can be found here.  Monday night marked Brunson’s third 40-point performance of the season — a feat he never accomplished in the regular season during four seasons with the Mavericks. The 26-year-old New Jersey native added five assists and two rebounds in the win, which pushed the seventh-place Knicks within two games of the Nets for fifth place in the Eastern Conference. It was the first time the Knicks defeated the Nets in three years. Josh Hart added a season-high 27 points in his second game with the Knicks after he was acquired from the Trail Blazers before last week’s NBA trade deadline. The Knicks agreed to trade Cam Reddish, Ryan Arcidiacono, Svi Mykhailiuk and a protected first-round pick to Portland in exchange for Hart — who is Brunson’s former college teammate at Villanova. “Obviously seeing him play in college and he was amazing and I knew he would have a long career in the NBA, but I didn’t think it was going to be how he’s playing now,” Hart said after the game. “And he’s someone who should be an All-Star and he’s playing at an All-Star level.” Julius Randle, who was named as a reserve in this year’s All-Star Game, added 18 points and 10 rebounds for the Knicks. The Knicks visit the Hawks on Wednesday.