New York Post readers can claim an incredible new customer offer with the Caesars Sportsbook promo code NPBONUSFULL. The promo code allows new users to place a first bet up to $1,250 on Caesars, and if it loses, that same amount gets returned back as bet credits. If a bettor signs up and makes a losing first bet of $100, they would still get back $100 in bet credits, and so on up to $1,250. Click the button below to learn how to score $1,250 bet credits on Caesars for the Kansas City Chiefs vs. the Philadelphia Eagles in the 2023 Super Bowl. The credits can be used on any sport on Caesars if you don’t want to bet on the Super Bowl. New customers on Caesars can use promo code NPBONUSFULL to get up to $1,250 in bet credits. It just requires an initial wager of at least $10, and there’s no reason to worry about losing money because you get back losing bets in the form of bet credits. You get back the same dollar amount you initially wagered — up to $1,250. If you win, you receive your winnings just like normal. The promo code NPBONUSFULL also allows users to get 1,000 Tier credits and 1,000 Reward credits just for signing up. There are some Super Bowls where one of the teams gets hot and pulls off a few upsets in the playoffs to get to the big game. This is not one of those Super Bowls, in fact, quite the opposite. The Philadelphia Eagles and Kansas City Chiefs will play each other tonight in Super Bowl LVII after both were No. 1 seeds in their respective conference and finished the regular season 14-3. Caesars Sportsbook favors Philadelphia by 1.5 points and that feels reasonable. It is always a risk betting against Patrick Mahomes, and this game is no different, but the Eagles have the overall roster talent to get the job done. Eagles quarterback Jalen Hurts has come into his own this season and he has plenty of help with running back Miles Sanders, wide receivers DeVonta Smith and A.J. Brown, and an outstanding offensive line. Their defense is very good as well and had four players with double-digit sacks during the regular season, led by Haason Reddick with 16. It’s always hard to go against Mahomes, but I think Philadelphia wins at the line of scrimmage and ekes out a victory. Use the promo code NPBONUSFULL for a fantastic deal on Super Bowl LVII.  21+. Available in AZ, CO, IA, IL, IN, KS, LA, MI, NJ, NY, TN, VA, WV only. Full T&C apply. Who doesn’t like a little extra bang for their buck? Caesars Profit Boosts increase the net winnings of your bet by a given percentage and can be applied to all sorts of bets. Profit Boosts can be used on straight bets (money line, spread, total) and parlays, but there are also Profit Boosts that are exclusively for straight bets only, parlays only, or even parlays with a set number of legs. Profit Boosts can be applied to a variety of sports and bet types, but only those available will appear in your bet slip. Make sure to look for any profit boosts in your ‘Bonus Drawer’ on Caesars Sportsbook.