PHOENIX — That rousing, inspiring message the head coach gives to his team the night before the Super Bowl? Eagles coach Nick Sirianni has different plans for Saturday night. Instead of giving the pregame address, Sirianni is going to spread it around. “I have definitely thought about that,” Sirianni said Thursday during his final press conference of the week. “I had something that I was definitely prepared to do for this moment, but then I altered my plan a little bit. What we’ll do on Saturday is instead of me talking and instead of a captain talking, I think we’re just going to open it up to the floor. We’ll just kind of let everybody talk.” Sirianni said he got the idea from the way the team meeting before the Stagg Bowl was handled in college. He won three Division III titles at Mount Union. Chiefs wide receiver WR Kadarius Toney did what was asked of him on Wednesday, and there is confidence he can recover from the sprained ankle he suffered in the AFC Championship game in time to play on Sunday. “He was spirited [Wednesday] and running around like crazy,’’ Chiefs coach Andy Reid said. The news is even more promising for Toney: He was a full participant in Thursday’s practice. Toney, the Giants’ first-round pick in 2021, in nine games for the Chiefs (including the playoffs) has 20 receptions for 216 yards and two touchdowns. However, Chiefs CB L’Jarius Sneed was added to the injury report due to a knee injury and was limited in practice Thursday. One question that football fans have been asking while watching Chiefs games has been “Why is Travis Kelce always open?” The big tight end gave his own answer to the question on Thursday. “Why am I always open? I say it all the time: Andy Reid, baby. Big Red,” Kelce said. “He can dial stuff up at the right time, create some things at the right time, and then on top of that everybody’s doing their jobs. It’s not just a me-go-out-there-and-get-open type play. I’m sure you guys like to think that, but there’s a lot of madness to it, and there’s a lot of guys doing their jobs for the big picture. I’m fortunate that I’m playing here, for sure.” Kelce had 110 catches this season for 1,138 yards and 12 touchdowns in the regular season. He has added three more touchdowns in the postseason. Michael Vick, renowned for his scrambling and running ability when he was playing quarterback in the NFL, has heard the nicknames thrown around for Daniel Jones. Vick likes one better than the other. “Not Danny Dimes but Vanilla Vick. That’s him,’’ Vick said. “He’s stamped with that now. He should change his number to No. 7 next year and really ride it out.”