These three breeds are in the dog house. Garret Wing, the founder of American Standard Dog Training and professional dog trainer, revealed why he wouldn’t recommend the Tibetan Mastiff, Great Dane and Cane Corso to prospective families in search of a large dog. “Starting with number three, the Tibetan Mastiff,” Wing listed. “A monster of a dog that is capable of killing an entire pack of wolves. So do you think you need that in your home with your small children, not necessarily.” “They are also known for being very stubborn and difficult to train. Beautiful animals, probably not for you,” Wing said of the large, fluffy canine native to Tibet. With a life expectancy of 10-12 years, the Tibetan Mastiff can grow upwards of 150 pounds and 26 inches tall, when standing on all four legs, it is described as “watchful, aloof, imposing, and intimidating, the guardian dog supreme,” says the American Kennel Club. The Great Dane was next on the list due to its overwhelming size, which can reach 32 inches at the shoulder, and an average male weighs between 140-175 pounds. “Now those are really sweet dogs, and they can make amazing pets, the problem is, it’s a complete lifestyle changer,” Wing said of the German dog that inspired Scooby-Doo. “You have to basically rearrange your whole house even when it comes to getting a crate and taking them places and where’s your coffee table and where are you going to put your cup. We’re talking about just a dog that is just too big for most homes.” The last dog Wing issued caution around was the Cane Corso, the Italian mastiff. “That is too much dog for about 99.9% of folks, and that’s coming from us, not only as professional dog trainers but owners of the Cane Corso. They are absolute battle tanks and you don’t need that in your suburban neighborhood.” The Cane Corso, roughly translated from Latin as “bodyguard dog” according to the AKC, can grow to 28 inches to the shoulder and often weigh over 100 pounds. “With a large head, alert expression, and muscles rippling beneath their short, stiff coat, Corsi are at a glance intimidating creatures,” describes the AKC. While Wing gave his professional opinion to potential dog owners, some commenters disagreed with his recommendation by sharing their own personal stories. “Well now I know you obviously don’t know as much as you think. Cane Corso are one of the most loyal caring loving family dogs ever,” said one TikTok user. “My cane corso is 6 now, absolutely amazing family dog if you’re prepared to put the effort in with training.” “My Cane Corso is scared of his own shadow,” another commenter added.