Salma Hayek’s steamy lap dance scene with Channing Tatum could have been deadly. Hayek, 56, told Jimmy Kimmel, 55, that the scene in “Magic Mike’s Last Dance” went very wrong. The lap dance scene sees Hayek flipped upside down while Tatum, 42, holds onto her pants. “You know, there’s one part that’s not in [the film] where I’m upside down and my legs had to be somewhere,” Hayek said on “Jimmy Kimmel Live!” “But upside down, one loses sense of direction, and I didn’t do what I was supposed to do, so in the rehearsal, I went like, head down, almost hit my head.” The Oscar-nominated star started to worry about a wardrobe malfunction, and that’s when things took a turn for the worst. “[Channing] held on to my pants, but I was really concerned because my pants were going away, and I couldn’t remember if I had underwear or not in this moment,” Hayek shared. “So, instead of putting my hands to protect my head, I just held onto the pants. He’s like, ‘Put your hands up,’ and I’m like, ‘No, no, no, no.’ ” “Everybody came in and kind of took me away from him, and he said, ‘What’s wrong with you?’ I said, ‘What’s wrong with me? You nearly killed me!’ ” Hayek exclaimed. The “Puss in Boots” actress had previously admitted that the lap dance scene was “physically challenging.” “It’s very physically challenging,” she told Entertainment Tonight. “My goodness. You just wait to see. It’s just complicated.” While the lap dance scene might have been “complicated,” Hayek has previously given Tatum plenty of praise for his dancing. “If you thought he could dance [before], you are going to realize you haven’t seen anything,” the “House of Gucci” star told People in August. “His dance skills — he just got better,” she added. In the third and final installment of the “Magic Mike” franchise directed by Steven Soderbergh, Tatum’s Mike Lane is left bartending in Florida after a failed business deal. He hooks up with a wealthy socialite (Hayek) who takes him to London with an offer to headline a dance show. Ayub Khan-Din, Gavin Spokes, Caitlin Gerard, Juliette Motamed, Jemelia George and Vicki Pepperdine also star in the film. “Magic Mike’s Last Dance” is set to hit theaters on Feb. 10.