New York Post readers can jump on an awesome new customer offer with the Caesars Sportsbook promo code NPBONUSFULL. The promo code lets new users make a first bet up to $1,250 on Caesars, and if it loses, that same amount is returned back as bet credits. Let’s say you sign up and place a losing first bet of $150, you would still get $150 back as bet credits, and so on up to $1,250. Follow the button below to find out how to get $1,250 bet credits on Caesars for the Philadelphia Eagles vs. the Kansas City Chiefs in Super Bowl LVII. If you aren’t interested in betting that game, the credits can be used on any sport on Caesars. New Caesars bettors can claim up to $1,250 in bet credits with promo code NPBONUSFULL. All it takes is an initial wager of at least $10, but there’s no reason to stress about losing money because losing bets are returned as bet credits. Basically, you get back the same amount you initially wagered — up to $1,250. If you win, you receive your winnings just like normal. The promo code NPBONUSFULL also allows users to get 1,000 Tier credits and 1,000 Reward credits just for signing up. The Super Bowl is finally here and thankfully we’ve got a good matchup as both No. 1 seeds found a way to get to the big game. Many are focusing on the game’s spread of Eagles -1.5, but I think the money line market is more interesting. Philadelphia is the money line favorite at -125 and the Kansas City Chiefs have better odds at +105. Since I don’t think there is a huge margin between these two 14-3 squads, the play here is to take the Kansas City money line of +105. These are the two best teams in the NFL, so roll with the Chiefs since they have the better quarterback in Patrick Mahomes and that may be the difference in this game. Additionally, the Chiefs money line is the only traditional bet with plus odds on Caesars. The Eagles money line is much lower, and the spread and over/under bets are -110 for each side. Kansas City may be a slight underdog, but it’s not hard to imagine it winning. Use the promo code NPBONUSFULL for a sweet deal on Caesars Sportsbook. 21+. Available in AZ, CO, IA, IL, IN, KS, LA, MI, NJ, NY, TN, VA, WV only. Full T&C apply. Who doesn’t like a little extra bang for their buck? Caesars Profit Boosts increase the net winnings of your bet by a given percentage and can be applied to all sorts of bets. Profit Boosts can be used on straight bets (money line, spread, total) and parlays, but there are also Profit Boosts that are exclusively for straight bets only, parlays only, or even parlays with a set number of legs. Profit Boosts can be applied to a variety of sports and bet types, but only those available will appear in your bet slip. Make sure to look for any profit boosts in your ‘Bonus Drawer’ on Caesars Sportsbook.