A somber crowd gathered Thursday at a Brooklyn mosque to mourn the savage killing of NYPD Officer Adeed Fayaz — his brothers and sisters in blue of every race and creed united in bidding farewell to one of New York’s Finest and “the star” both of his family and his precinct. The contrast between this upstanding young man and the far left’s vicious caricature of police officers couldn’t be stronger. It’s particularly telling about the schism in the City Council’s Progressive Caucus over policing. The caucus’ leaders demand that all members pledge to work “to reduce the size and scope of the NYPD and the Department of Correction, and prioritize and fund alternative safety infrastructure.” Refuse, and you’re out — a diktat that’s apparently going to exile half the members. Policing, in fact, is the foundation of public safety.  The refusal to recognize that crime needs to be fought (ideally, and primarily, by preventing it) is the core flaw in the botched criminal justice “reforms” that have sent crime soaring amid an endless cycle of catch-and-release recidivism. Some progressives (mainly ones worried about re-election when 41% of New York voters peg crime as issue #1) see this. Council (and caucus) Members Marjorie Velázquez (Bx.), Justin Brannan (Bklyn.), Shaun Abreu (Mhttn.), Lynn Schulman (Qns.) and five others — so far — have refused to sign. Even the members who back these insane ideas tacitly admit they’re nonsense. When the office of Queens wokester Tiffany Cabán received threats, it called the NYPD. (That the threats were prompted by Cabán’s pamphlet telling small business owners not to call the cops only doubles the ugly irony). Contra the far-left delusion, Officer Fayaz was no agent of white supremacy. He was a Muslim of Pakistani origin who loved his city enough to fight for its safety, and his life mocks the idea that the very institution of policing itself is illegitimate due to systemic racism. If only the cop-hating progressives had a fraction of his civic spirit. Mayor Eric Adams is right to accuse them of having “hijacked the term progressive.”