On one possession late in the fourth quarter, the Knicks had four different cracks at putting themselves in the lead, all quality looks from 3-point range. Each shot clanged off the rim, apropos of their frustrating evening from 3-point range. In their 129-123 overtime loss Tuesday night to LeBron James and the Lakers at the Garden, the Knicks went 7-for-34 from 3-point distance and didn’t hit a single 3 in the fourth quarter or overtime. They missed their last 10 tries. “I think we had good looks, especially that final quarter and throughout the game,” Jalen Brunson said. “The ball just didn’t go in there, ball didn’t go in the hole.” There were several culprits. Julius Randle was 2-for-9 from deep, Quentin Grimes missed all five of his 3-point attempts and Brunson was 2-for-7. As a team, the Knicks are 25th in the NBA in 3-point percentage at 34.2. “They looked like they were good shots to me but, again, I want to look at the film to make sure that they were,” coach Tom Thibodeau said. “But if you’re open, you’ve got to let it go.” One Villanova player has worked out extremely well for the Knicks, so why not try to add another? While there have been reports already linking the Knicks to Brunson’s college teammate and Trail Blazers wing Josh Hart, they appear to be interested in acquiring Pistons wing Saddiq Bey as well, SNY reported. The 6-foot-7 Bey is averaging 14.5 points, 4.5 rebounds and shooting 34.3 percent from 3-point range. The Knicks and Pistons have worked out deals recently, including the Knicks sending Detroit Nerlens Noel and Alec Burks on draft night to clear salary-cap space. Thibodeau’s team is in search of a rotation player to add to its current mix, and size on the wing appears a priority. The Knicks have also been linked to Hart and young Raptors wing OG Anunoby, among others. The trade deadline is Feb. 9 and the Knicks are not only looking to add pieces, but also could be moving a number of current players, including benched wings Cam Reddish and Evan Fournier. The Lakers were without defense-minded guard Patrick Beverley (ankle) and Austin Reaves (left hamstring). Mitchell Robinson (fractured right thumb) remained out for the Knicks.