Let’s talk shop – prop shop – for the 2023 Super Bowl. Today we have former ESPN writer and current CTO (Chief Trends Officer) for Caesars Sportsbook, Trey Wingo. “Prop bets are especially popular in games that are this close. Let’s be honest, this game is a pick ’em’, and we’re expecting tons of late money to come in on Kansas City as we get closer to game time,” Wingo told The Post. That’s where we stand game-wise. So for those of you that were hoping to get a Chiefs +3 spread spot, dream on. “Props are fun too, man. It all started at Caesars in 1986 when we offered William ‘The Refrigerator’ Perry to score a touchdown at 20/1,” Wingo said. “Sharps killed the line, dropping it down to 2/1. He, of course, scored an offensive touchdown. And it’s only happened once since with the Patriots’ Mike Vrabel.” From there, props have taken a life of their own, and props are numbered by the thousand. Wingo has one that he finds interesting. “How about safety +835?” We have had four in the past 14 Super Bowls,” he argued. “These are the top two teams in terms of sacks (Eagles with 77 and Chiefs with 55). +835 is really good action.” That safety prop could also be heavily affected by quarterback injuries. Whether it is Mahomes struggling to avoid the pass rush or Hurts having the inability to push the ball down the field. “If an offense gets pinned deep, both quarterbacks are in trouble.” And finally, we get to Super Bowl MVP. Wingo listed every Super Bowl MVP of the last 15 years off the top of his head. He said, “Pick a Super Bowl, and I’ll tell you who won it.” Simply picking a number out of a hat, I went with Super Bowl XXII. Wingo said, “Super Bowl 22 is an easy one. 42-10, the then Washington Redskins beat the Denver Broncos. Doug Williams strains his knee but stays in to throw four touchdowns and a 35-10 halftime score. He was your MVP, but it could’ve been Timmy Smith who rushed for over 200 yards.”  As for this year, we are targeting another wounded warrior quarterback. “Patrick Mahomes is likely the smart money there. He’s on one leg, and he’s clearly the best player in the league.” He continued, “The big injury for me is the shoulder injury for Hurts. He only had 11 completions for 123 yards, and running the ball is such a part of their game. You can bet that the Chiefs will force Hurts to beat them with his arm.”