He now has a permanent vagina facial. A young man has been slammed on social media after having a tattoo of a vagina inked across his right cheek. Veteran artist Michael Ralph, 40, was tasked with tattooing the intimate image on the face of his 26-year-old client, who has not been publicly identified. The ink master told NeedToKnow.Online that he initially thought the man was playing a prank when he received the raunchy request. “I got a message that read: ‘I would like to set an appointment to get a semi-realistic vagina tattooed on my face more specifically in my sideburn,’ ” Ralph recalled. The client added that he had a “limited budget” and wanted to have the inking done in less than an hour. “My first thought was, ‘Am I reading this right?’ ” Ralph — who is based in Washington, DC, — said. “I read it again, and there was no mistake. My second thought was ‘Did he lose a bet?’ “ After receiving the request, the tattooist told the client to wait a month to make sure it wasn’t a “spur-of-the-moment decision.” To the artist’s surprise, the client followed up 30 days later, saying he was still interested in the ink. “I told him it may close doors of opportunity that would be open if he didn’t have a vagina tattooed on his face — that he may lose his job or not get hired in the future,” Ralph stated. “After that, I asked him how old he was, because in my mind, if he was under 25, I might have told him he needed to wait until his brain was fully developed, so there was no regret,” he added. “Lucky for him he was 26.” The customer was undeterred, and Ralph subsequently performed the inking. He took snaps of his handiwork and posted them to his Instagram page. Viewers were less than impressed by the crude tattoo, hitting out at the man for having the genitalia permanently emblazoned across his cheek. “True clown behavior,” one railed, before another chimed in, saying it seemed like “a sad ugly ass joke.” While the unidentified man went viral for having a vagina tattooed on his face, a British woman recently hit headlines for having her actual vagina inked. Becky Holt, 34, had her labia inked by an artist, leaving her in an “incredible amount of pain” and unable to have sex for a month.