Better late than never. After losing out on the Kyrie Irving sweepstakes, the Lakers finally made multiple moves before the NBA trade deadline at 3 p.m. ET on Thursday. They retooled their roster, including a new frontcourt, with versatility and size with the hope of making a playoff push. A day after bringing back D’Angelo Russell and sending Russell Westbrook to the Jazz in a three-team trade, the Lakers traded big man Thomas Bryant to the Nuggets for Davon Reed and three second-round picks, according to ESPN’s Adrian Wojnarowski. The 25-year-old Bryant, who was productive while Anthony Davis was sidelined with a foot injury, is averaging 12 points and 6.8 rebounds in 21 minutes per game. Bryant reportedly requested a trade due to his diminished role since Davis returned to the starting lineup in late January, and wanted to be in a better situation. As for Reed? The 27-year-old shooting guard is averaging just 2.3 points in nine minutes per game this season. It seems unlikely that the Lakers would utilize him in a bigger role. A few hours later, the Lakers replenished the center position in a deal with the Orlando Magic, trading point guard Patrick Beverley for big man Mo Bamba, according to The Athletic’s Shams Charania, who reported that Orlando will also receive second-round draft compensation from the Lakers. Kevin Durant is on the move. What’s else happened at the NBA trade deadline? Follow our live tracker for news, rumors, analysis and more after a chaotic day. In the Westbrook deal, the Lakers also got guard Malik Beasley and forward Jarred Vanderbilt from Minnesota, who acquired guards Mike Conley and Nickeil Alexander-Walker and draft picks from the Jazz. In addition to Westbrook, the Jazz got forward Juan Toscano-Anderson, center Damian Jones and a 2027 Lakers first-round pick. If the Lakers’ pick to the Jazz falls into the top four when the time comes, the pick will automatically change to a 2027 second-round pick, according to ESPN’s Zach Lowe. Last month, the Lakers sent guard Kendrick Nunn and three second-round picks to the Wizards for forward Rui Hachimura. The Lakers bolstered their roster after LeBron James expressed his disappointment that they didn’t get Irving, who requested a trade out of Brooklyn on Friday. The Nets traded Irving to the Mavericks on Sunday. The 38-year-old James — who became the NBA’s all-time leading scorer on Tuesday — tweeted, “Maybe it’s me” a couple of hours after the deal was reported. Earlier this season, James ripped the Lakers for their lack of shooting. The Lakers are 25-30 and sitting in the 13th spot in the Western Conference. They are two games back from the No. 10 seed, which would put them in the final spot to enter the play-in tournament.