On your mark….get set….fire! It’s time to aim high and hit that bullseye, readers. Why, you may ask? To make sure you hit Target’s Presidents Day sales, including deals on furniture, home decor, video game accessories, TVs, and more. In the market for low-cost, high quality furniture? Target’s got you covered. This Presidents Day weekend, snag up up to 30% off select furniture, so you won’t have to aim too high when it comes to the price tag. Or maybe IRL furniture doesn’t spark joy in quite the same way gaming does? Not to worry gamers, Target hasn’t forgotten about you either. This weekend, get up to 30% off select video game accessories, so you can level up your gaming experience without overspending. But the savings don’t stop there. Target is also offering discounts on clothes, TVs, bedding, audio, fitness, and more. No matter what you’re in the market for this weekend, Target has got something for you. Below, we’ve highlighted 10 of our favorite deals from Target this weekend. Read, on click through, and save. We believe we’re paraphrasing old Honest Abe when we say we love Target, and we love Target deals. Save $90 on this Pinkhill Farmhouse TV Stand from Target, marked down to just $210 this weekend. This weekend, do what long weekends are for, and sleep in on your brand-new Tuft and Needle Signature 9.5′ Mattress, marked down over $100 at Target. Did George Washington ever live to see women wearing high heels? We hope he’d be a fan, as we are of these Tiana Mule Heels, just $30 this weekend at Target. Did we mention that Presidents Day Weekend is great for sleeping in? Catch a few more Zzz’s with this Blackout Window Curtain Panel from Target, now just $30. Tune out the noise this long weekend with these high-quality wireless headphones from Beats by Dre. The Powerbeats Pro are perfect for workouts, if you can manage one of those on a long weekend. Do what Honest Abe never could this weekend and save over $200 on this 65″ VIZIO Smart TV. It’s what he would’ve wanted. We think. If you’re already picking up a brand-new TV, you might as well go for the best sound quality possible. This High Res Soundbar from LG is $50 off this Presidents Day weekend at Target. The workout can wait, but this deal can’t. Save $50 on this Fitbit Versa 4 Smartwatch, and get in touch with your body (after a few big naps). Game the long weekend away with this Razer Kaira Wireless Gaming Headset for Xbox. Connect with your friends, and foes, from the comfort of your own home, for just $60 from Target. Ultimately, holidays (yes, including Presidents Day) are about spending time with family. Curl up in this Swivel Rocker Chair, and read some American history to your little ones this weekend, all for just $204. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.  