She didn’t split. One TikTok user claimed he asked his wife to split the bill on their first date — the risky move could have turned disastrous, but it appeared to pay off in the end. Robby, who goes by the username @Thesephew on the social media platform, has already attracted over 3 million views with his six-second video since posting it last week. He and his wife happily dance together in the clip, letting the accompanying white text reveal the details of their first encounter. “On our first date I asked her to split the check,” the message read. “She agreed, but then after we paid she took my phone when I was in the restroom and Venmo’d her half of the bill back to herself.” The post continued, “She wrote, ‘Real girls don’t split the bill.’ We’ve been together ever since.” The Post reached out to Robby for comment. In the comments section of the video, TikTokers ragged him for his cents-ational first-date tactic and his wife’s remarkable response. One viewer declared: “I would’ve ended it right there. She literally committed fraud and you went on a second date.” “You’re lucky you got a second date just for even asking,” another insisted. “Nah, asking to split the bill is pathetic, paying the whole bill is how you’re supposed to do it, hell I even pay for my homies food sometimes,” someone else trumpeted. One person exclaimed, “This is just crazy in general. No words! Good for you it worked out but still nuts!!” Others praised the boldness of the woman, whose name was not disclosed in the video. “I love her,” one viewer howled. Another seconded, “That’s my girl now Fr.” In a follow-up video, Robby addressed some of the TikTok criticism. He claimed he wasn’t turned off by her chutzpah — in fact, he was hooked. “I didn’t see this as manipulative or fraudulent, I saw it as a woman who knows her worth and was financially responsible,” he explained. “That’s why there was a second date, that’s why I married her.” He recommends all men try to split the bill on the first date to see how the situation unfolds. “You should always be asking to split the bill on the first date, not because you actually want to split the bill, but because your criteria for a girl is someone who will push back on that… That’s how you land a smart, no-nonsense girl,” Robby contended. Some TikTokers remained unconvinced. “Gotta respectfully disagree. always the guy’s responsibility to pay for the first date,” one person announced in the comments section. “A few dates in is when you test to see if they’ll pay.” Another agreed, “And saw your passcode and then grabbed your phone on the first date….. I’m so weirded out lol.”