She brings new meaning to the word knockout. “I’m a beast in the ring and a beauty outside of the ring,” boxer Alycia Baumgardner told The Post. On Saturday night, the 28-year-old Detroit resident will test the first part of her boast when she takes on Elhem Mekhaled at Madison Square Garden’s Hulu Theater for the undisputed world super-featherweight championship as an undercard for the main event between Amanda Serrano and Erika Cruz. “I’m feeling good. I’m ready. I’m prepared and excited to be crowned the queen at 130 pounds,” said Baumgardner, who has planned a fight-night look befitting a coronation. “I’m wearing purple, white and gold because those colors represent royalty, and it makes a statement. I always come with a fire outfit. I’m a showwoman, the main attraction,” she cockily added. Standing at 5 feet, 6 inches tall, Baumgardner is nicknamed “The Bomb” and currently holds four titles. She also prides herself on possessing a rare combination of beauty and brawn — embracing her femininity while making her mark as a pugilist. “I’m different in my way of fighting and how I present myself,” she said. “I love being a woman. I love dressing up and showing that other side of me.” Ford Models even took note, signing her in 2021. She is still learning the ropes of the fashion and modeling world but recently shot the cover for the Dutch version of style magazine Numéro. “People have said, ‘You’re too pretty to fight.’ Or, ‘You don’t look like a fighter,'” she continued. But, according to Baumgardner, her attractive face is just further proof of her boxing prowess. “I’m just like, ‘I must move my head pretty good because I don’t have black eyes!’ I guess people equate boxing with this combat sport that is brutal, which it is. But there is skill and there is experience behind it. So when you know what you’re doing in the ring, you’re able to apply those things.” A natural athlete, Baumgardner started wrestling against boys in her native Ohio at age 5. “It was just a fun competitive sport that my dad introduced me to,” she said. When she turned 8, she was eligible to join a small community boxing gym where her male cousins were also training. Coming up with boys helped give her an edge. “It built confidence. I was a girl in the sport working hard and I put in the effort and was competing with my male counterparts. It was motivation,” she said. Baumgardner has reached dizzying heights in the ring and hopes to not only bring home the undisputed title, but also use the sport as a means to cross over into other arenas, such as fashion. “Boxing is a platform for me. The sky is the limit. I’m at the top of my game right now,” she said. And she isn’t ruling out any opportunity, including walking in New York Fashion Week when it kicks off next week. “If I come out with a clean face on Saturday,” she said, “I think that would be something fun to do.”