A clear majority of Democrats want no part of President Biden’s potential 2024 re-election bid — while more Americans are asking the 80-year-old, “What have you done for me over the past two years?”, according to a pair of polls released on Monday. Only 37% of Democrats say they support the president running for a second term, down from 52% in the weeks after the Nov. 8 midterm elections, an Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research poll shows. Meanwhile, 62% of Democrats want someone else to be the party’s standard-bearer in 2024. Overall, a whopping 78% of Americans want Biden to be a one-and-done president, compared to 22% who say he should run for a second term. Biden, 80, who has not officially announced a re-election bid but is expected to do so in the coming days, touted legislation on infrastructure, gun control and prescription drug prices in remarks at the Democratic Party’s national winter meeting in Philadelphia last week — a potential preview of his State of the Union address Tuesday. But the achievements are not resonating with voters. Another poll released Monday shows that 62% of Americans believe Biden has accomplished “not very much” or “little or nothing” in his first two years in the White House. Among independents, that percentage rises to 66%, the Washington Post-ABC News survey says. Just 36% of respondents said that Biden has achieved a “great deal” or “good amount.” An overwhelming 93% of Republicans say Biden has accomplished “not much” or “little or nothing,” while 77% of Democrats say he has done a ​”great deal” or “good amount.” Contrary to Biden’s talking points, 60%  of Americans believe he has neither created more good jobs nor improved roads and bridges in their communities. Slightly fewer — 56% — say he has not made electric vehicles more affordable and 47% say he has not lowered prescription drug costs. The Washington Post poll was taken before the January jobs report was released last Friday, showing that employers added 517,000 jobs and that the national unemployment rate fell to 3.4%, the lowest level since May 1969. Those who responded to the AP poll said they see the president’s age as a liability and are looking for a new generation of leaders. “I, honestly, think that he would be too old,” Democrat Sarah Overman, 37, of Raleigh, NC, told the AP. “We could use someone younger in the office.” Ross Truckey, a lawyer in Michigan, said he didn’t vote for either Biden or former President Donald Trump in 2020 but feels like Biden is the latest in a line of “subpar” presidents. “His age and possibly his mental acuity is not where I would want the leader of the country to be,” said Truckey, 35. “He, at times, appears to be an old man who is past his prime. Sometimes I feel a little bit of pity for the guy being pushed out in front of crowds.” The majorities against Biden running again are highest among voters between the ages of 18-29 (85%) and those between 30-34​ (83%). More than three-quarters (76%) of voters 60 and older say Biden shouldn’t seek a second term, compared to 23% who do. Of those between 45-59, 69% don’t want another Biden presidential run, while 31% support it. Democrat Linda Lockwood, a retiree from Kansas City, Kan., said Biden’s age doesn’t worry her. “He seems to be in pretty good condition in my opinion and that’s coming from a 76-year-old woman,” Lockwood said. “You might be a little more careful going down the steps as you get older, but if your brain is still working, that’s the important part.” Biden, already the oldest ​president in US history, would be 86 at the end of a full second term. According to the AP poll, Americans have little trust in Biden’s abilities, with 51% saying they have “hardly any” confidence in his ability to work with Republicans in Congress and have “hardly any” confidence in him being able to “effectively manage government spending.” The poll shows 43% have “hardly any” confidence in Biden’s ability to handle a crisis, effectively manage the military and reduce the amount of government corruption.