February might be the shortest month, but it’s still jam packed with new and returning TV shows. From true crime docuseries to comedies with returning TV vets such as Joel McHale — and a new vehicle for “This Is Us” favorite Milo Ventimiglia — there are a slew of can’t-miss offerings across all genres. Here’s a rundown. Directed by RJ Cutler (“Billie Eilish: The World’s a Little Blurry”), this four-part true-crime documentary covers the life of Jack Roland Murphy — aka “Murf the Surf” — who led a band of suave “surfer dudes” into an infamous jewel heist at the Museum of Natural History in 1964. Where to watch: Feb. 5 on MGM+. “Jane The Virgin” star Gina Rodriguez returns in a new comedy about a thirty-something woman who feels like she screwed up her life. She’s back in her hometown after leaving for a few years (to pursue a relationship that didn’t work out), and now the only job she can find is writing obituaries. Co-starring Hannah Simone (“New Girl”) and Lauren Ash (“Superstore”). Where to watch: Feb. 8 on ABC (8:30 p.m). Joe Goldberg (Penn Badgley) is back in this “Dexter” for the Gen-Zers — and his body count keeps rising. Season 1 followed Joe in New York, obsessing over Beck (Elizabeth Lail), and he traveled to LA for Season 2, where he became infatuated with Love (Victoria Pedretti). This latest season shows Joe starting a new life in London … and developing a new object of obsession. Where to watch: Feb. 10 on Netflix. Joel McHale stars in this new comedy about a group of animal control workers with complicated lives. McHale plays Frank, a cynical ex-cop who was fired for trying to expose corruption, and gets along better with animals than humans. His colleagues include optimistic rookie Fred Taylor (Michael Rowland); their boss Emily (Vella Lovell, “Mr. Mayor”); colleague Amit Patel (Ravi Patel, “Master of None”); and vet Dr. Summers (Alvina August, “The Boys”). Where to watch: Feb. 16 on Fox (9 p.m.) Billy Crudup (“The Morning Show”) stars in a sci-fi dramedy that’s set in the future world, where traveling salesmen hawk timeshares to the moon. Hank Azaria co-stars. Where to watch: Feb. 17 on AppleTV+. Former “This Is Us” star Milo Ventimiglia jumps to ABC in this thriller, playing a con man who falls for an undercover CIA officer (Catherine Haena Kim). The catch? Neither one of them is aware of the other’s line of work. Where to watch: Feb. 19 on ABC (10 p.m.) Oscar winner Christoph Waltz (“Inglourious Basterds”) takes the lead in a dark comedy workplace thriller about a new consultant who’s hired to improve the business at CompWare, a  gaming company. Under his reign, employees must answer to twisted demands. Co-stars Nat Wolff and Brittany O’Grady (“The White Lotus”). Where to watch: Feb. 24 on Prime Video.