You don’t need to be a psychic to know that Theresa Caputo puts on a one-of-a-kind live show. Caputo, aka the Long Island Medium, tours all over the U.S. and connects with audiences by speaking to their deceased relatives, lovers and friends on their behalf. How does she do it? Well, as Caputo said on Windy City Live, she “just starts to sense and feel things.” And if you want to know if Caputo can sense things about people from your past who have passed on, truly the only way to find out is live. For those that want to see her speak to the dead in person, you better hurry too. Caputo has two shows in the Tri-State area very soon — first, she’ll be at Montclair’s Wellmont Theatre on Friday, Feb. 10 and the following night, Caputo’s set to become a walking ouija board near the boardwalk at Atlantic City’s Ovation Hall at Ocean Casino Resort on Feb. 11. Last-minute tickets for the show are $67 before fees and $74 before fees on Vivid Seats at the time of publication. But can you really put a price on speaking to your loved ones from beyond the grave? We think not. All prices listed are subject to fluctuation.  After Caputo’s back-to-back Garden State gigs, she will travel all over the U.S. this year. Just a few of the biggest cities she’s set to take her unique talents to include Saint Petersburg (April 12), Atlanta (April 28), Hunstville, AL (May 7), Houston (May 19) and Dallas (May 24). The tour concludes at Bethlehem, PA’s Wind Creek Event Center on Aug. 19. A complete calendar including all 25 tour dates, venues, show start times and links to buy tickets can be found here.  Caputo’s TLC show that put her on the map ran from 2011-19. Over the course of 176 episodes, she spoke with skeptics and believers in private and group sessions. At the show’s peak during its third season in 2012, “Long Island Medium” regularly drew over three million viewers per episode. If you want to catch up on Caputo before seeing her live, you can find past episodes on  TLC GO, The Roku Channel and discovery+.  Now that her show has come to an end, Caputo has moved to another, um, medium. These days, when she’s not performing for audiences all over the world, she hosts the podcast “Hey Spirit.” In each show, the 54-year-old “provides virtual readings to people from around the world, (giving them) closure as they commune with their departed loved ones.” Click here to find all episodes of the series that’s been running since October 2020.  Not every show is a showcase for musicians or comedians. No, we found quite a few performers who are doing something a little different when they go on the road. Without further ado, here are just five of our favorite off the beaten path tours in 2023. • William Shatner • Mandy Patinkin • Neil Degrasse-Tyson • Fran Lebowitz • Ira Glass Still want to see what concerts are out there in 2023? We don’t blame you — there’s a lot of good stuff this year. Check out our list of the 52 biggest concert tours in 2023 here.