The Jets are leaving no stone unturned in their quest to secure a veteran quarterback for the 2023 season. With Packers quarterback Aaron Rodgers and former Raider Derek Carr engulfing much of the free-agency hype surrounding the team, Sports Illustrated reported Monday that the Jets are “exploring everything” this offseason, which includes “the idea of bringing [Seahawks quarterback] Geno Smith back or luring [Giants quarterback] Daniel Jones from across town.” Smith, who led the Seahawks to a playoff appearance this year following the trade of franchise quarterback Russell Wilson, began his NFL career with the Jets in 2013, when he was selected in the second round of the draft at 39th overall. Although the Jets posted a record of 8-8 in his first season with the team, Smith struggled as his tenure continued and was also sidelined with injuries, including a broken jaw after being punched by a teammate IK Enemkpali in 2015 over an unpaid debt. Smith went on to sign with the Giants in 2017 before joining the Chargers the following year. He has been in Seattle since 2019 and was recently honored with the NFL’s Comeback Player of the Year award. As for Jones, he is rumored to be commanding $45 million per year following an impressive fourth season with the Giants, in which the former first-round pick posted a career-high in passing yards (3,205) and in completion percentage (67.2 percent). Jones led the Giants to their first trip the postseason since 2016 and a wild-card win over the Vikings. Last month, Giants GM Joe Schoen spoke glowingly about Jones and how the team hopes  to “get something done with his representatives.” “That would be the goal, to build the team around him where he can lead us and win a Super Bowl,” Schoen said of Jones, who recently switched his representation from Creative Artists Agency to Athletes First. In addition to Jones, 25, and Smith, 32, Titans quarterback Ryan Tannehill and 49ers veteran Jimmy Garoppolo are also said to be part of the Jets’ exploration, according to Breer. As for the two most notable names linked to the Jets this offseason, Carr visited the team facility earlier this month following his release from the Raiders after nine seasons. The 31-year-old quarterback is expected to meet with potential suitors at the NFL Scouting Combine this week in Indianapolis, including the Jets. Meanwhile, the 39-year-old Rodgers is still under contract with the Packers. And while the team engaged in preliminary discussions with the Jets, in the chance the former Super Bowl champ becomes available via trade, Green Bay is not yet privy to Rodgers’ plans following his darkness retreat. “Until we have those conversations, I think all options are on the table,” Packers GM Brian Gutekunst told reporters Tuesday at the NFL Scouting Combine. Gutekunst is hoping the team will have a resolution before the start of free agency on March 15.