Just 36 more points. That’s all NBA legend LeBron James needs to break Kareem Abdul-Jabbar’s all-time scoring record. In all likelihood, the 38-year-old, Los Angeles Lakers small forward may pull off this once-thought-to-be-an-impossible feat on Tuesday, Feb. 7, against the Oklahoma Thunder on his home Crypto.Com Arena court. And while all the headlines focus on outrageous prices for courtside seats — some are going for as high as $92,000 — we’re happy to report that some surprisingly inexpensive tickets are still available for the potentially historic game. At the time of publication, we found seats as low as $128 before fees on Vivid Seats. In fact, you won’t have to break the bank to sit in the lower level for the regular season game either — some seats in the 100s section can be scooped up for as low as $267 before fees. Not a bad price to witness history up close. However, it’s sitting courtside that will hurt your wallet. Ticket prices start at $9,962 before fees for those fans closest to the action. All prices are subject to fluctuation. James is averaging 30 points per game this season; the Lakers are 25-29 for the year. The middling Thunder are in the same boat as the Lakers — the team is 25-27. They’re led by point guard Shai Gilgeous-Alexander, shooting guard Josh Giddey and power forward Jalen Williams. Should LeBron not score the 36 on Feb. 7, you can see his Lakers attempt to break the elusive record at Crypto.Com Arena again on Thursday, Feb. 9, against the Milwaukee Bucks. A complete schedule, including all upcoming home and away games for the Los Angeles Lakers, can be found here. The scoring record won’t be the only one LeBron breaks in the near future. No, the GOAT will also become the first NBA player to start 19 consecutive All-Star Games when he captains this year’s contest of the best of the best at Salt Lake City’s Vivint Smart Home Arena on Sunday, Feb. 19. On the big night, he’ll be joined by some of the NBA’s biggest stars, like Giannis Antetokounmpo, Luka Doncic, Zion Williamson, Nikola Jokic and Jayson Tatum. You can find tickets for the game here. In order to shore up its starting five, Los Angeles recently traded Kendrick Nunn, and three future second-round picks to the Washington Wizards for power forward Rui Hachimura. Hachimura, who is averaging 11.3 points and 6.2 rebounds on the season, joins James in the starting lineup alongside point guard Dennis Schroeder, shooting guard Patrick Beverley and center Anthony Davis. If you want to hear Shaq and Charles Barkley’s hot takes on the trade, check out the NY Post’s story here. Want more Lakers’ updates? All Lakers NY Post coverage can be found here. Love LeBron but would prefer to catch your favorite musician on tour? If that’s the case, you’re in luck this year. Many of the biggest names in music are traveling all over North America over the next few months. Here are just five of our favorite acts that you won’t want to miss when they come to a city near you. • Janet Jackson • SZA • Usher • Lizzo • Lil Wayne Need even more options? Check out our list of the 52 biggest concert tours in 2023 here.