It was an epic Mc-stake. One woman on TikTok claimed that her local McDonald’s completely forgot to put the chicken patty on her McChicken sandwich — leaving her with just a bun. However, Ankita, who goes by the username @ankita_uncut on the social media platform, was able to come up with a genius hack to fix the sandwich. The viral video has already reached over 950,000 views on the app. In the beginning of the 7-second clip, Ankita showed off her sandwich, explaining, “You can’t make this s–t up. I opened my McChicken and the whole chicken patty was missing.” But in spite of the missing patty, Ankita revealed that she had also ordered a four-piece chicken nugget, which she conveniently stuck in the McChicken bun as a replacement. “Good thing I got a four-piece chicken nugget, too,” she joked at the end of the video, showing off her creative creation. The Post reached out to the TikToker and McDonald’s for comment. Typically, a McChicken at McDonald’s consists of a chicken patty complete with shredded lettuce and mayonnaise, according to their website. In the comments section, many users seemed to share Ankita’s pain, revealing similar things that have happened to them when placing an order at the fast-food restaurant. “This happened to my daughter too,” one user claimed. “She orders hers with heavy pickle ( McPickle add chicken) and everything was there but the patty.” Another agreed, writing, “I ordered a cheeseburger ketchup only and they didn’t put any meat.” “Dude this just happened to me last night I swear to God,” someone else typed. “They put the extra sauce and pickles but literally no patty.” “Once, I ordered iced coffee from McDonald’s, and they gave me hot coffee with ice ,” a viewer alleged. However, some were impressed by the user’s improvisation, and wanted to try it for themselves. “You know what? This is actually a good idea,” one user wrote. Another TikToker seconded, “That’s actually bomb.” This isn’t the first time that something has gone awry at a McDonald’s — in January, one man was just swinging by the drive-thru for a Sausage McMuffin, when he was he was handed a bag full of cash. “What’s in this bag? Their f–king deposits,” the TikToker said in the video as he revealed Ziploc bags full of bills.