Sharon Stone’s younger brother, Patrick, has died. He was 57. Patrick died Sunday morning in his home state of Pennsylvania, according to TMZ, with a rep for the local coroner’s office saying the passing “is being ruled as a sudden cardiac death due to heart disease.” Sharon, 64, paid tribute to her brother in a short post to Instagram late Monday afternoon. “RIP my brother Patrick Joseph Stone,” she wrote in the caption — which also included an emoji of a dove — for a photo showing them together in a close embrace. Patrick’s passing comes less than two years after his son — Sharon’s nephew and godson — River died at 11 months due to total organ failure. Patrick’s wife, Tasha Stone, took to social media to announce her husband’s death on Monday, saying he had been reunited in heaven with their baby son. “My heart feels like it’s been ripped out of my chest. Patrick went to be with our sweet River … I don’t know what else to say, he was my world,” she heartbreakingly wrote, according to TMZ. “I’m not sure what life is supposed to look like without my husband by my side and quite honestly I don’t want to, but I will of course,” Tasha continued. “Until we meet again I will forever hold you and our wonderful (and some not so wonderful but just as important) memories close to my heart and will visit those memories always.” “I love you honey babe. My wish through all of this is that now at least River has his daddy with him and I hope the two of you are having the best time,” the widow concluded. In addition to his wife, Patrick is survived by his “Basic Instinct” star sister and their two other siblings, Michael and Kelly Stone. The Stone family is still recovering from the tragic death of baby River in August 2021. The “Total Recall” star announced the passing of her nephew on Instagram at the time, sharing a heartbreaking video of the baby boy smiling as Eric Clapton’s “Tears in Heaven” plays in the background. River had been hospitalized just a week prior to his death due to organ deterioration. A month after his passing, Stone revealed that River had saved three lives with his donated organs. The “Casino” actress told People that her nephew and godson’s internal body parts were given to others in need. “The fact that my godson was able to save three lives, two infants and a 45-year-old man, was a sanctuary for our family,” she said. “I can only say that you never, never know when a tragedy will happen in your life or in your family, but this opportunity to be an organ donor, it saved us, saved our family,” the mother of three continued. “Many people have many different thoughts about this, but in the end, it gave us some peace.” The Post has reached out to Stone’s reps for comment on her brother’s passing.