The Issue: The removal of Reps. Ilhan Omar, Eric Swalwell and Adam Schiff from their committees. In 2019, Rep. Kevin McCarthy removed Rep. Steve King from all committee assignments, due to his bigoted statements (“Omar’s sent to the out House,” Feb. 3). The House shouldn’t have had to remove Rep. Ilhan Omar from a single committee for her bigotry; Rep. Nancy Pelosi should have done so previously. This fact speaks volumes about the Democratic Party’s tolerance of anti-Semitism and anti-Americanism. Richard Sol Los Angeles, Calif. I wasn’t happy with McCarthy being voted in as speaker. My opinion was that he’s a do-nothing RINO. That said, he is doing what he promised: Reps. Adam Schiff, Eric Swalwell and Omar are now off sensitive committees. The Democrats cry when what they do to others is done to them. Bravo, Mr. Speaker. Keep proving me wrong and this country will be in a better place. Mike Santavicca Yonkers It’s simply amazing to hear the caterwauling after Omar, Schiff and Swalwell were removed from positions on committees where the country’s intelligence was being discussed. And it’s even worse how the media is siding with the three removed from their committees. Barry Levy Hawthorne, Calif. Rep. Omar, you have not lost your position on the Foreign Affairs Committee because you are an immigrant, born in Africa, a woman or a Muslim, as you claim. It is because you are a bigoted, angry, venomous, hate-spewing, morally corrupt individual now hiding under the guise of demure ignorance of your vile words. That will not work. We Americans are not as ignorant as you think we are. Yet you believe that we buy your story. You said what you really believe and, happily, there were enough people who think you are not worthy of the position that you held. You have only yourself to blame. You are not a victim. Susan Green Manhattan It was Democrats who compelled Roger Stone — a private citizen with no power — to testify before their committee about a flimsy hoax. They then accused him of lying and referred him for prosecution, hoping to send him to prison for years. Yet these two despicable liars, Schiff and Swalwell, think they shouldn’t suffer any penalty at all, not even the loss of a seat on a committee where they repeatedly abused their positions. They are totally shameless, and so are the people who defend them. Gary Mottola Brooklyn Omar is off the Foreign Affairs Committee. Great! Her egregious statement “that some people did something” when referring to the horrific events of 9/11 was utterly loathsome. Such an assertion alone disqualified her from sitting on such a committee, which deals with the national security interests of the United States. It was a despicable insult to the American people. But now she’s gone, and good riddance. And Schiff and Swalwell are off the House Intelligence Committee. This happened through the concerted and patriotic efforts of McCarthy to restore an element of sanity and common sense to this situation. Earl Beal Terre Haute, Ind. Omar is gone from the Foreign Affairs Committee, and the radical left in Congress is all atwitter. There was a very valid reason why she has been ousted. It was years of anti-Semitic comments. Everyone in the Congress knows she’s an anti-Semite, and yet radical liberals protected her. Goodbye, ungrateful Ilhan, and maybe stop hating America and Israel. We have enough anti-Semitism growing on college campuses and don’t need more from the likes of you and your Squad members in the Swamp. J.R. Cummings Manhattan Way to go, McCarthy, for ousting Omar from the Foreign Affairs Committee. In the meantime Democrats cry “racist,” all the while ignoring Omar’s anti-Semitic remarks. Omar is nothing but a disgrace to our country, and her swift boot is truly a “plop, plop, fizz, fizz” moment. JoAnne Lee Frank Clearwater, Fla. Want to weigh in on today’s stories? Send your thoughts (along with your full name and city of residence) to letters@nypost.com. Letters are subject to editing for clarity, length, accuracy and style.