Phish does not merely “drop into your city” when they tour. No, the legendary jam band makes the most of their tour stops often staying in cities for multiple days due to overwhelming demand from fans. And this summer is no different. On their recently announced Spring and Summer Tours, Trey Anastasio and co. will perform mini-residencies in cities like Seattle, WA (April 14-15), Berkeley, CA (April 17-19), Los Angeles, CA (April 21-23), Alpharetta, GA (July 14-16) and Philadelphia (July 25-26). However, they saved their longest trip on the upcoming tour for the Big Apple. From July 28 through Aug. 5, the Vermont natives will perform seven (!) concerts at Madison Square Garden. Phishheads who want to attend all seven nights are in luck, too. Rather than buying tickets for each individual show, seven-day Madison Square Garden passes can be secured here. For those that max out at just a few nights of Phish, passes for July 28-30, Aug. 1-2 and Aug. 4-5 are available as well. Don’t expect any repeats either — in 2017, when Phish performed 13 concerts in a row at MSG as part of their “Baker’s Dozen” run, they played 273 songs. Not one was played twice. Plus, let’s not forget that they’re playing Syracuse’s St. Josephs Health Amphitheater on July 23. Best of all, tickets to see Phish can be purchased as early as today. Although inventory isn’t available on Ticketmaster until the Verified Fan pre-sale on Friday March 3, fans who want to ensure they have tickets ahead of time can purchase on sites like Vivid Seats before they’re officially on sale. Vivid Seats is a secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand. They have a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and will be delivered before the event.  A complete calendar including all Phish spring and summer dates, venue and links to buy tickets for multi-day and single-day packages can be found below.  While Billy Joel currently holds the record for most Madison Square Garden performances, Phish is working their way up the ranks. Currently, they sit at number three with 64 shows at the Manhattan venue thanks in no small part to their annual, multi-day New Years extravaganzas. For a closer look, here are the top ten acts who have played at MSG the most as of the time of publication. 01.) Billy Joel (134 performances) 02.) Elton John (76 performances) 03.) Phish (64 performances) 04.) Grateful Dead (52 performances) 05.) Bruce Springsteen (49 performances) 06.) Eric Clapton (37 performances) 07.) The Who (34 performances) 08.) Madonna (33 performances) 09.) Rod Stewart (32 performances) 10.) Neil Diamond (28 performances) As of now, Harry Styles has only played Madison Square Garden 22 times.  Although no band mixes it up quite like Phish, we found quite a few that are known for live shows where they give it their all. Here are just five of our favorites you won’t want to miss when they come to a city near you this year. • Bruce Springsteen and the E Street Band • Dead and Company featuring John Mayer • Robert Plant with Alison Krauss • John Mellencamp • Dave Matthews Band Want to add a few more shows to your calendar? Check out our list of the 52 biggest stars on tour in 2023 here.