It was a Marky Markdown. Mark Wahlberg sold his Beverly Hills mansion for $55 million on Friday — $32.5 million less than its initial listing of $87.5 million in April 2022. The sprawling 30,500-square-foot home features 12 bedrooms and 20 bathrooms. The 6.2-acre estate is located in the exclusive North Beverly Park gated community. The “Ted” star, 51, took the property off the market in October due to climbing interest rates before re-listing it in November at $79.5 million. The Post reached out to Wahlberg reps for comment. The buyer, who has not been identified publicly, is represented by Compass’ Ginger Glass. Wahlberg purchased the land in 2009 for a measly $8.25 million, putting in at least five years of renovation efforts to achieve a Mediterranean-style manor with his wife, Rhea Durham. The home includes a fitness center, where Wahlberg has posted his intense workout routine to social media; a tennis court; a home theater; manicured gardens; a five-hole golf course; a skate park; and a resort-like grotto pool. “Essentially this is your own private country club,” the listing touts. Designed by architect Richard Landry, who has created homes for Sylvester Stallone, Tom Brady and other celebrities, the colossal mansion also boasts a two-story entry lobby, staff quarters, a wine/cigar cellar and a tasting/smoking lounge. The sale follows Wahlberg’s announcement that he left California in the dust for Nevada. “I want to be able to work from home,” the actor said on an episode of “The Talk” last year. “I moved to California many years ago to pursue acting, and I’ve only made a couple of movies in the entire time that I was there.” “So, to be able to give my kids a better life and follow and pursue their dreams, whether it be my daughter as an equestrian, my son as a basketball player, my younger son as a golfer, this made a lot more sense for us,” he added. The “Father Stu” actor shares four children with Durham: Ella, 19; Michael, 16; Brendan, 14; and Grace, 13. “We came here to just kind of give ourselves a new look, a fresh start for the kids, and there’s a lot of opportunity here. I’m really excited about the future,” Wahlberg added about Nevada. He swapped lavish Los Angeles for a $15.6 million 2.5-acre plot in the Las Vegas area, according to the Las Vegas Review-Journal. He has plans to create a “state-of-the-art studio,” he revealed, while also aiming to build a factory for his sports apparel company Municipal, which he co-founded in 2019. The “Me Time” actor is slated to appear in “The Family Plan,” “Our Man from Jersey” and “Arthur the King.” He is also listed as a producer on several upcoming projects.