The Issue: The Post report that in 2022, felonies were up 20.4% in New York City from 2021. I have seen the city in worse shape than this, having grown up here in the ’70s and ’80s (“Going back in crime,” Feb. 13). But I am seeing a return to things that gave my parents PTSD. The NYPD is not doing anything to curb violence. They are not enforcing any summons-level offenses at all. They are doing less than they are paid to do. The NYPD has become useless with the passing of laws that encourage crime, and because of a criminal-justice system run by judges and district attorneys who want no one incarcerated. If New York City is not going to enforce laws, incarcerate criminals and seek to control violent crime, then why do we pay taxes for a police force that is powerless? This city has lost the war on decency, and it has traded its dignity for nonsense social programs that encourage criminal behavior. Brian Flynn Brooklyn Well, it’s déjà vu in New York City. If you look at the numbers, you can see that every kind of crime has gone up again. Mayor Adams had promised in his campaign that crime would be his most primary concern. It sounded good when he said it, but unfortunately, it’s not happening. With the migrant problem that he is facing in the city, which he cannot handle, all our other problems have worsened. Adams has to start to line up his most important priorities and do what has to be done — and that’s to protect the people of our city from all this rising crime. Until that’s done, the crime will keep going up with no end it sight. Rob Johann Queens New York City is experiencing the perfect storm when it comes to crime. It is a combination of indifference by Albany legislators, woke district attorneys, impotent judges and a restrained police department. Adding to all this are the weak sentencing laws for gun possession and the unbridled recidivism by repeat felony offenders. We should consider raising the penalty for gun possession from one year to five, as in the UK. As for those repeat felony offenders, an estimated 3,000 or so, we can remove them via a three-strikes law. I can hear the words of Rep. Lee Zeldin when he said he would declare a state of emergency, to the chagrin of Gov. Hochul. I think the time has come. Phil Serpico Queens Crime has risen since last year. Felonies are at a record level. Maybe now Mayor Adams will stop trying to convince us that crime is under control and the streets are safe. Or will the sheep who voted him in continue to live in delusion? Rob Cerone Manhattan The Issue: Mark Krikorian’s piece arguing that the cost of President Biden’s border policies will be $200 billion. Mark Krikorian’s piece “Cost of open borders: $200B!” (Feb. 11) is very informative. New York shelters are at their breaking point. Perhaps the number of US Border Patrol officers should be increased. Kudos to Mayor Adams for visiting the border. I think it’s high time for Gov. Hochul to visit the border and come up with some suggestions. President Biden has to sit down with more government officials to solve the border conundrum. Thomas Patrick Folan Miller Place Migrants will likely vote one way when they are granted citizenship — or worse, when they get to vote even if they never become citizens. So Biden and his progressive friends have bought the Democratic Party a lot of votes, paid for by average Americans. Mel Young Boca Raton, Fla. Want to weigh in on today’s stories? Send your thoughts (along with your full name and city of residence) to letters@nypost.com. Letters are subject to editing for clarity, length, accuracy and style.