She has a face of royalty. A woman went viral on TikTok for looking just like Meghan Markle — and constantly gets trolled for it. Sidney Beckles started being compared to Markle, 41, when the actress started dating Prince Harry, 38 — but the comparisons picked up in 2020. However, Beckles claims she doesn’t get any royal treatment from being Markle’s doppelgänger. The 21-year-old receives plenty of mean comments online, including things indirectly geared toward Markle, such as “She’s an evil person,” “Wouldn’t be proud of that” and “Poor you, people will think you are a liar, too.” “Most of the hate is directed at Meghan specifically, and just telling me that I shouldn’t be proud to look like her,” Beckles told NeedToKnow.Online. But the comments aren’t all bad. “Generally, people say good things, with the most common one online being: ‘Wow, I thought this was Meghan Markle’ or ‘You look just like Meghan Markle, she’s beautiful.’ And this is similar in person,” Beckles said. And while the part-time waitress shared that while she’s consistently trolled online, she’s never trolled in person. In fact, her resemblance has even scored her free drinks on nights out. “My friends and I got free drinks because people were convinced that we were related – it’s very funny,” she shared. While the world seems to think Beckles is a dead ringer for Markles, she doesn’t seem to think so. “I think at some angles I look like her if my hair is straightened, but in general, I never really think I do – unless someone points it out,” she admitted. “I find we have similar facial features, specifically our smiles.” “I find it a huge compliment to be considered her lookalike, as she’s a stunning woman,” she added. Beckles uploaded a TikTok where she shows some photos where she can see the parallels between her and the Duchess of Sussex. “Since almost everyone says I look like Meghan Markle, here’s some pics [where] I kinda see it,” she wrote on the video — which has 73,000 likes and 654,400 views as of Monday morning. The video shows photos of Markle interspersed with selfies of herself and then asks her followers what they think. People in the comments were shocked to see how similar the two looked. “Are you adopted?” someone wrote. “I didn’t even read the text and I straight away said she looks like Meghan Markle lol,” another said. “See you in season 10 — ‘The Crown,’” one person commented. “Are you sure you weren’t separated at birth? Absolute twins,” another person questioned. “GIRL I THOUGHT IT WAS HER ON TIKTOK,” someone exclaimed. “She literally said copy paste,” one person quipped. Beckles has even been told to “make something out of looking like [Markle],” but that’s not what she wants to be known for. “As nice as it is that people comment on it, I don’t want to base my life and reality on someone else’s looks,” she said. “I want to be known for being myself.” In regards to Beckles’ opinions on the Duke and Duchess of Sussex, she simply doesn’t have one. “It’s hard with regards to her as a person because I don’t really know much about her – but from what I do know, she seems to be a nice person,” she said. “I don’t really have much of an opinion on them, as they’re two human beings and deserve to have a voice just as everyone else does.”