City officials auctioned off nearly $225 million worth of surplus COVID-19 medical equipment and safety gear for just $500,000 — or a paltry 0.2 cents on the dollar, according to a stunning report Tuesday. The bargain-basement sales included nearly 3,000 mechanical ventilators that cost taxpayers $12 million but were unloaded as “non-functioning medical equipment for scrap metal” at a rock-bottom price of just $24,600 on Jan. 24, according to nonprofit news website The City. It reportedly took 28 truckloads for a Long Island junk dealer to haul off the once-scarce devices, which former Mayor Bill de Blasio had predicted would help the Big Apple “beat this crisis and prepare for the next.” “This is a story about doing the impossible,” de Blasio bragged on April 21, 2020. “We’d never made a ventilator before — and so we made thousands. We learned it would take a year — and so we did it in a month.” De Blasio’s administration also overpaid for items that included 50,000 face shields at $6.70 each, compared to an average price at the start of the pandemic of $3.67, The City said, citing information from city Comptroller Brad Lander. They’re now part of a massive lot of 701,000 face shields that were reportedly put up for auction last week with an opening bid of just $1,000, or 0.14 cents each. The City blamed the epic markdowns on de Blasio’s decision to waive any oversight of his panic purchases, preventing then-Comptroller Scott Stringer from scrutinizing the emergency contracts. One contract, for $9.1 million, reportedly went to controversial, New Jersey-based Digital Gadgets for ventilators that the company failed to deliver, then provided the city with N95 masks instead. But the first masks it delivered were “poor quality or not FDA-certified,” even though the company charged $4 each while the average price was $3.10, according to Lander. Digital Gadgets is owned by Charlie Tebele, a major donor to de Blasio and Gov. Kathy Hochul, who are both Democrats. Last year, Tebele’s company was revealed to have charged the state $637 million — nearly twice the going rate — for COVID-19 test kits in a deal that critics have called “pay-for-play.” State Senate Majority Leader Andrea Stewart-Cousins (D-Yonkers) said last month rejected Republican calls for an investigation, saying she took Hochul “at her word” that no wrongdoing was involved. Some of the stuff the de Blasio administration bought came with expiration dates, including 2,800 cases of hand-sanitizing wipes that officials tried to sell for $56,000 on Jan. 12 even though the shelf life was set to end on Jan. 31, The City said. An internal July 2022 email reportedly showed that an official with the Department of Citywide Administrative Services — which is handling the sales — voiced concern that if the public found out, it would lead to a probe into “over-buying during COVID.” The email also said DCAS had “crafted talking points” following “direct consultation” with Mayor Eric Adams’ office, according to The City. DCAS spokesperson Nick Benson told The City that the pandemic-related spending spree was needed to create a 90-day stockpile of supplies during “a dark and difficult time for all New Yorkers.” “Thankfully, New Yorkers and our heroic frontline medical workers came together to avert some of the worst-case scenarios,” Benson added. Benson also said that some surplus items were given away to Ukraine, Indonesia, Ghana, Haiti, South Africa or nonprofit organizations, and that auctioning off the rest for a pittance “is required by the city charter.” During an unrelated, afternoon news conference at City Hall, Adams blamed the losses on a bureaucratic requirement that surplus purchases be sold off after 90 days. “That’s just a bad rule,” he said. “COVID created an environment that none of us expected and so, we had to purchase far more than what we would have traditionally purchased.” “So, somewhere in the charter rule, we need to state that under certain circumstances, we are not forced with, ‘Hey, it’s 90 days, let’s get rid of this stuff, no matter what the cost is that’s associated with it.'”