Credit is due to Gov. Hochul, who has decided to veer away from the teachers-union-beholden Democratic establishment and do what’s right: Expand school choice by increasing the number of charter schools in New York City. Her proposal will allow up to 85 more new privately run, publicly funded schools in the five boroughs. This has angered some state lawmakers in Hochul’s party who rely on political donations from the anti-charter teacher unions. “This is another way of dismantling our public-school system even though charter schools are considered public schools. This is a direct dismantling, and this will create more disparities and more segregation,” Assemblywoman Rodneyse Bichotte Hermelyn claimed at a legislative budget hearing in Albany. Nothing could be further from the truth. About 15% of New York City public-school-age children attend publicly funded but privately-run charter schools. The overwhelming majority of those 141,000 charter students, 80%, are economically disadvantaged, according to the New York City Charter School Center, and The Bronx features the most charter schools of any borough. One of those Bronx students, Stephon Nembhard, 17, a senior at Comp Sci High charter school, told The Post how significant his charter-school experience has been for him: “I feel like if I didn’t go to this school that I’m currently going to, I probably wouldn’t have gotten into the colleges I’ve gotten into, I wouldn’t have gotten the internships that I’ve gotten, I wouldn’t have met the people and made the connections that I’ve made.” The fight to keep out charter schools has nothing to do with how beneficial they are for New York’s residents: It’s about maintaining the status-quo divide of success and failure by class lines. If charter schools mostly benefited the children of the aristocrats who live in the Upper East Side instead of the peasantry in the South Bronx, Democrats would be fighting tooth and nail to ensure the children of the exalted keep their charter system. Democrats have long abandoned supporting regular people when it threatens the ambitions of the upper class, because upward mobility always appears to be a threat to the people who already have too much. Democratic politicians feign outrage over how charter schools will somehow “steal” resources from public schools while politicians like Assemblywoman Bichotte Hermelyn will simultaneously acknowledge that charter schools are public schools. The difference is that one benefits the unions that donate to their campaigns and the other benefits the children who attend the schools. We watch Democratic politicians spend your tax dollars to erect statues of social-justice martyrs as a symbolic gesture of support for black Americans but skimp when it comes to funding an educational program that by all measurements benefits poor and working-class black Americans. From their perspective, school choice should only come if you can personally afford it. They’ll talk about how funding the public-school system is a social benefit, but when there is an obvious failure, they don’t see the social benefit in giving the less fortunate a privately-run alternative. When charter schools fail, they disappear, but when government-run schools fail, they’re given more money. Democrats will gaslight you about how amazing the public-school system is, but as soon as their financial portfolio allows them, they’ll act like the limousine liberals we know they really are by immediately sending their children to the best private schools an aristocrat can afford: School choice for me but not for thee. Adam B. Coleman is the author of “Black Victim to Black Victor” and the founder of Wrong Speak Publishing. Follow him on Substack: adambcoleman.substack.com