WASHINGTON — Emails released Friday by the National Archives reveal references to President Biden’s lawyers handing over boxes of documents in Boston — confirming a little-known detail in the chronology of Biden’s classified documents scandal. “Please ensure that the boxes in your office in Boston remain secure in a locked space and are not accessed by anyone,” National Archives official Gary Stern wrote on Nov. 7 to Biden attorneys Patrick Moore and Bob Bauer. The email was sent five days after Biden’s lawyers say they discovered classified documents at Biden’s post-vice presidency office at the Penn Biden Center in Washington. CNN reported in January that Moore shipped some Penn Biden Center documents to his Boston law office before he discovered classified records. The records removed to Boston were believed not to contain sensitive information, the outlet reported at the time. The new emails, however, raise questions about the nature of the documents given the protocols requested by the National Archives. On Nov. 8, Stern wrote to Bauer and Moore, “we would like to pick up the boxes that are in your Boston office and move them to the JFK Library. Would it be possible to do that tomorrow?” Moore wrote back, “Yes, it would. I will still be in DC, so I will link you with my colleague [redacted], with whom you may have dealt in the past on other matters related to the Kennedy archives.” White House press secretary Karine Jean-Pierre said Friday afternoon that she knew nothing about the Boston boxes and referred questions to White House counsel’s office spokesman Ian Sams, who did not immediately respond to The Post’s request for comment. The White House has repeatedly concealed information about the scandal, which last month led to the appointment of special counsel Robert Hur to determine if Biden or anyone in his orbit broke the law. The White House hid the initial discovery more than two months — until well after the Nov. 8 midterm elections, in which former President Donald Trump’s alleged mishandling of records was a major issue following an Aug. 8 FBI raid of his Mar-a-Lago resort in Florida. Biden first publicly acknowledged the discovery of classified documents at the Penn Biden Center at a Jan. 10 press conference in Mexico City — but only after CBS broke the story one day prior. In his initial remarks, Biden didn’t say that a second cache of classified documents was reportedly found Dec. 20 by his team in his Wilmington garage and gave listeners the impression only one set of records was found. Biden acknowledged Jan. 12 that some classified records were found next to his classic Corvette in Wilmington, but defended his handling of those documents. “My Corvette is in a locked garage, OK? So it’s not like they’re sitting out on the street,” Biden said. Although the White House said at the time that searches for records were complete, additional documents were found by Biden’s lawyers. An FBI search found six more items with classification markings. First son Hunter Biden, who is under federal investigation for possible tax fraud, money laundering and illegal foreign lobbying, frequently visited the Wilmington document repository, according to records from his former laptop, and even listed the home as his own residence on a 2018 background check form. The 80-year-old president, who in September slammed his predecessor as “irresponsible” for retaining classified documents at Mar-a-Lago, has lashed out at questions about the controversy. “There is no there there,” Biden told reporters during a trip to California Jan. 19. It’s unclear how many documents have been retrieved thus far. CNN reported that around 10 classified documents, some marked “top secret,” were found at the Penn Biden Center relating to the United Kingdom, Ukraine and Iran. Republicans are clamoring for additional searches, including of the roughly 1,850 boxes of Biden’s Senate papers held at the University of Delaware.