While a trip to Home Goods gives us a serotonin boost, nothing quite measures up to how productive, speedy and satisfying it is to pick up home furnishings from Amazon. As the sworn-in top-tier retailer for pretty much everything — and we mean everything — Amazon is equal parts efficient and convenient, making it easier than ever to craft your safe haven much like the cover of Better Homes & Gardens. That said, we made an exclusive edit of the 28 best Amazon home products that have high acclaim and we deem add-to-cart worthy. From glorious cold-brew coffee makers to bed sheets with the finest touches, we have a product fit for everyone (with budget taken into account, too). Below, find the picks we can’t stop screenshotting, sending in group chats and adding to our wishlists. Have a room or type of decor in mind? Click below to jump to a specific home category, and happy shopping! One of the best ways to give your home a refresh is with new bed sheets. Available in a slew of colors and size options to fit your mattress, Mellanni’s Extra Deep Pocket Sheet Set is of great quality and boasts a soft microfiber feel for unmatched comfort when catching those ZZZs. Truth be told, this long loft pillow by Coop Home Goods makes us want to snuggle all day long. And since you spend seven to eight hours asleep each day, investing in a top-tier pillow is all-around worth it. This bamboo-derived and polyester hybrid has an adjustable foam fill, so you can add or remove material to match your preferences. Plus, it’s vegan and cruelty-free. You don’t necessarily have to spend many coins on a new mattress. Sometimes a soft, plush mattress topper can make a world of difference. This top-rated topper (pun absolutely intended) is gel-infused and memory foam-created to provide incredible comfort and support for any mattress size. For $40, we wish we’d found it sooner, though the price depends on your mattress size. Your hair and skin will be squealing with joy after one night with these pillowcases. Not only are satin and silk pillowcases proven to be beneficial for your luscious locks and skincare, but the smooth silky texture will have you hitting snooze — it’s that comfortable. Snuggle up with this No. 1 bestselling throw blanket designed with a fleece material that is oh-so-soft. Plus, the wide range of colors means you can stock up and gift to the whole family (or keep them for yourself). Keep your bed looking crisp and fresh using this Amazon customer-loved comforter filled with a down alternative that’ll keep you warm and cozy all night long. Thanks to the neutral white shade it can easily blend into whatever decor theme you’ve filled your bedroom with. As one of our favorite brands of air purifiers, Levoit is a premier option, given the No. 1 bestseller spot and with its compact design and aromatherapy capabilities to purify your bedroom, office, living room and more. Plus, it has true HEPA filtration that’s great for the allergy-prone among us. As spring rolls around the corner, so does the set-in-place seasonal cleaning month. Eradicate all dust, debris and pet hair with Bissell’s top-rated TurboClean Carpet Cleaner, a less-than-$150 option that’s built to last. Forget about having to vacuum or mop once this lil helper enters your home thanks to its wifi capabilities and smart navigation. Once it maps the route of your home simply kick your feet up on the coffee table and watch as it makes the dirt, dust and spills *disappear*. You won’t be cold anymore with this portable electric space heater. For basements, attic-like bonus rooms and colder spaces, the $33 price tag is a steal that’s extra worth it for its carry-around design. As one of our favorite air fryer brands that we’ve we rounded up, this model features a slim and sleek design (which is key for any kitchen appliance) and the ability to fry foods with up to 97% less oil than most traditional air fryers. What’s more, its generous temperature range reaches up to 450 degrees Fahrenheit makes it stellar for crisping chicken or roasting rooted veggies. Plus, you can control it straight from your phone through the brand’s app — a total win-win. Let’s be real — if your counter doesn’t have much real estate, you have to be selective with the appliances that line it. Elite Gourmet’s Toaster Oven is one of those staples that’s worth the showcase factor. This relatively compact model has six an adjustable timer and temperature control to cook your food just the way you like it. If you’re not sure how long to bake your late night snack for, then the door has recommended times for popular foods. If there’s one thing we love incessantly, it’s coffee. This $20 pour-over coffee maker is great to pair with your favorite coffee grinder (ahem, Smeg) and enjoy a delicious morning cup. Not only can you make your much-needed caffeinated bev with this product, but it doubles as your pitcher — so it’s an automatic win-win. As an Amazon Choice, the Singer M2100 Sewing Machine is calling your name if you’re into all things DIY and fashion-making. Not only is it one of our favorite brands of sewing machines we rounded up, but its automatic needle threader, high speed and durable frame make it an investment-worthy piece for $131. With Cosori’s Electric Gooseneck Kettle — which is also one of Amazon’s most-adored home items, per its shoppers — you can have chamomile tea and boiling water for coffee in the most elegant way possible. The dainty stovetop kitchen essential comes in silver, too. For $14, wouldn’t you want to change your room’s color? Lighting sets the mood, undoubtedly, so amp up your space with Amazon’s Choice of top-rated LED Light Bulbs. They’re app-controllable, too. For low-maintenance blooms that add a bohemian, minimal and rustic flair all at once, opt for dried pampas grass. This 80-piece bouquet has the most stunning neutral brown and white tones we’ve seen and looks beautiful on an oak dresser or in a sleek white vase. It’s no surprise this TikTok-beloved white ceramic flower vase is also an Amazon Choice pick. It’s minimal, chic and is also light and airy to give that pompous grass some room to breathe. For $17, it does the job of rendering your home more expensive and lush than what you paid for. We love a rolly-cart kitchen island because (1) it’s convenient and (2) it adds a whole lot of character to your space. Now just shy of $110, this white cabinet-style has a built-in spice rack and towel holder that makes it a wonderful kitchen addition (or perhaps a coffee cart). We can’t stress enough how much we adore this candle. Bring some calming vacation vibes to your space (even if the outdoors don’t match) with this volcano-inspired candle. If that doesn’t sell you then the aesthetically pleasing aqua jar totally will. Add some color and texture to your space with these chic and warm-month-ready throw pillow covers. Available in a tangerine, blood orange, ivory and seafoam color palette, it’s just the right family of four to enter your neutral space. We owe a lot to the humble floating shelves, mostly for giving us floor space and still looking chic. For those looking for small space storage ideas, these will keep you from storing even *more* bins under your bed. This $40 wooden pair is the perfect thickness and hint of rustic farmhouse glam to display your many many plants. If you don’t have a green thumb but love the look of greenery, we got you. This three-pack of artificial plants is one of Amazon’s most cherished offerings that look realistic and will — unlike fresh blooms — last a lifetime. What’s more, Amazon has an entire catalog of faux plants to choose from should you want other varieties. We can’t skip on the storage options. Budding Joy’s Clothes Storage Bag Organizer isn’t just apt for dorm rooms — it’s perfect for storing seasonal clothing to free up some closet space. For $23, your life just got easier. Doesn’t this eight-pack make you want to clean practically everything and anything? You can’t put a price on a deeply cleaned home, but $26 isn’t a bad one. From storing skincare sets to housing laundry detergent, Utopia Home’s bundle has you covered (and extremely organized). There’s nothing more pleasing than an organized countertop. This four-pack will keep everything nice and tidy — but in a totally visually pleasing way, of course. Skip out on digging through your bathroom cupboards to find a cotton ball and make sure to add this bestseller immediately to your cart. If one thing’s for sure, these won’t give your clothes (or you) the slip. Rather, the soft velvety material will keep fabric in place while also minimizing how much space is taken up in your closet. It’s no wonder they’re an Amazon Choice! Keep your cereal, baking supplies, snacks and more fresh using these bestselling food storage containers. The airtight lids will lengthen the lifespan of your favorite snacks and ingredients so you can avoid the disappointing taste of stale chips. Plus, they come with cute little labels to ensure you don’t mix up the salt from the sugar. For more content, check out the New York Post Shopping section.