It was a ghoulish gamble. A scheming son allegedly disposed of his 90-year-old mom’s body after she died naturally, and then pocketed her social security and  pension payments for a year, authorities said. Former Jamaica, Queens resident Elizabeth Dorothy Case was a retired principal account clerk with the agency now known as the state Office for People With Developmental Disabilities (OPWDD).  She moved to Maryland “at least 20 years ago” and moved in with her son, Charles Alton Bump, Jr., 62, of Somerset, Md., according to the office of state Comptroller Thomas DiNapoli. In 2019 a concerned neighbor reported to the Social Security Administration that Case, who was approximately 90 years old at the time, had not been seen in over a year. After “repeated attempts” to contact Case, the SSA requested she show up in person at their offices in order to continue receiving her payments, DiNapoli said. When her son appeared instead, skeptical SSA investigators questioned him, according to authorities. Bump claimed his mom was on a cruise around the world and only reachable by email,  DiNapoli said. But Case never left the country — and did not even have a passport, DiNapoli said. Confronted with the truth, Bump “eventually” admitted his mom had died. “Investigators believe he disposed of her body,” the comptroller said, without elaborating. Investigators believe Case’s son pocketed nearly $53,000 of his mother’s retirement checks — $24,641 from the Social Security Administration and $28,679 from the New York State pension fund, DiNapoli’s office said. For the retirement payments, Case received monthly deposits to her bank account, the comptroller said. She also received direct deposit payments from SSA. “Bump went to the bank every month and withdrew the SSA and retirement payments from her account in-full,” the NY state watchdog said. Bump is being prosecuted in Maryland, and was arrested and arraigned Jan. 19 on three counts of felony theft, DiNapoli’s office said. Bail was set at $5,000. In another twist in the macabre matter, Bump on Friday answered his mother’s cell phone  when a Post reporter called it. Bump said his “wonderful, loving mom” moved in with him in 1996 and he last saw her March 30, 2021 for his 60th birthday. He claimed she died “peacefully of old age” in March 2022. “She was on vacation overseas and her last wishes were to be buried at sea,” he insisted. Added Bump: “She was blessed to live to almost 92. She never gave up.” Told that prosecutors allege his mother never left the country and believe he disposed of her dead body, the “construction” worker clammed up.  “As of this time I’m seeking legal counsel. I appreciate it,” he said politely. “Mr. Bump’s alleged crimes were callous and driven by greed. This case should be a warning to anyone, anywhere who’s thinking of trying to defraud the pension system: you’re going to get caught,” DiNapoli said.