Real estate market be damned: This woman built her own house. Indeed, a crafty Texan has gone viral for transforming a backyard shack into a one-bedroom apartment. “Hey everyone, watch as me and my parents turn this [12-by-24-foot] shed into a tiny house for me,” TikTok user Annette narrates over a video showing the pre-renovation shed. The clip — which has gained more than 2.6 million views — is the first in a series the southerner made documenting the building’s evolution into her new home. Subsequent installments record Annette, her mom and her dad installing a whole number of features. Those include plumbing, dry wall (“The ceiling was an absolute nightmare,” she noted of that portion of the process), outlets, linoleum flooring and appliances reused from her parents’ house, which they themselves are renovating. “We are saving a ton of money by doing it that way,” Annette commented on the simultaneous work. Once the construction portion was complete, Annette moved in, putting up an IKEA cork board full of her sewing supplies, a shelf of her Barbies, a couch, a bed and a mounted TV. In a final walk-through of the finished space, it’s hardly obvious the unit is homemade. While hardly luxurious, it has all the essentials, at least for anyone used to New York apartment hunting. There’s a spacious living room/bedroom/work area — and a separate bathroom with a tub, a sink and, rather awkwardly, a closet. The kitchen is the most lacking, consisting only of an air fryer, a microwave and a toaster oven tucked into a corner of the bedroom. Annette, however, says it more than suffices and she is “In love with the way it looks.” Commenters were similarly enthralled with the end result, leaving Annette supportive messages and praise. “It’s super cute! Congratulations on your new home!” wrote one fan. “Best of all NO RENT!” said another. Annette’s home is similar to that of a Georgia couple, who called an 860-square-foot Home Depot shed their home sweet home — which they transformed into a jaw-dropping living space.