Harvey Weinstein recruited old friend Bill Clinton to help him with his Oscar campaigns, a new bombshell book has claimed. Michael Schulman’s “Oscar Wars: A History of Hollywood in Gold, Sweat, and Tears” used sourcing from a former Miramax employee to dive deep into the disgraced producer’s Academy Award exploits. The anonymous staffer said Weinstein, 70, asked Clinton, 76, for ideas to help promote Billy Bob Thornton’s 1996 film “Sling Blade,” according to an excerpt shared by IndieWire. Ultimately, Thornton scored a nomination for Best Actor a year later and won Best Adapted Screenplay for penning the script, which was set in Clinton’s native Arkansas. “I was so appalled that the president of the United States would spend half an hour with us on the phone,” the Miramax worker said. “I lost all respect for him well before Monica Lewinsky, because I could see how much access the Clintons were giving to Harvey.” The then 49-year-old president infamously sparked outrage among Americans when it was revealed he had a mid-’90s affair with then 22-year-old White House intern Lewinsky, launching the late Ken Starr’s investigation that led to Clinton’s 1998 impeachment. Clinton and Weinstein reportedlhy became friends in the late 1990s after vacationing together in Martha’s Vineyard. The Weinstein Co. founder wanted the Arkansas native to give him “tips on Thornton’s Oscar campaign,” per the new book. When the filmmaker’s project “Shakespeare in Love” unleashed its Oscars crusade in 1998, Clinton’s wife Hillary even gave a speech congratulating Weinstein before the drama’s premiere. A promo for the Gwyneth Paltrow flick also aired during Barbara Walters’ TV interview with Lewinsky at the time. At the 71st Academy Awards, the Elizabethan-inspired romance film controversially won the Best Picture Oscar, beating the critically favored Steven Spielberg flick “Saving Private Ryan.” Paltrow even received the Best Actress trophy over Cate Blanchett for “Elizabeth,” and confused many viewers. The Post has reached out to Clinton’s reps for comment on the new tell-all tome. Weinstein — who was convicted of of rape, forced oral copulation and third degree sexual misconduct and is serving a 16-year prison sentence — had an accuser come forward in 2020 to testify about the producer’s ties to Clinton. Accuser Jessica Mann said at the time during a court hearing that Weinstein “loved to tell me that Bill Clinton was his neighbor.” Mann said, “He’d talk about all this money he’d raise for big organizations. He had a story for most anyone in the world you asked him really, but the biggest one for me was Bill Clinton.” She also alleged that she saw Weinstein arranging calls to raise money for Hillary’s presidential campaign in the 2000s. “When you’re raising that much money for that powerful of a person that you can just call them on your phone,” Mann said, “they’re not going to want to deal with someone crying rape and ruining that.”