Former US Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley called for politicians over the age of 75 to take “mandatory mental competency tests” as she launched her presidential campaign by attacking the “faded names of the past” — a clear reference to Joe Biden and Donald Trump. Haley, South Carolina’s former governor, told supporters in Charleston she would “light a fire” under lawmakers, saying: “We will have term limits for Congress and mandatory mental competency tests for politicians over 75 years old.” “We’re ready,” the 51-year-old added. “Ready to move past the stale ideas and faded names of the past. And we are more than ready for a new generation to lead us into the future.” On Tuesday, Haley became the first Republican to formally challenge the 76-year-old 45th president in the 2024 Republican primary for the right to take on President Biden, 80, who has yet to formally announce a re-election bid. “We won’t win the fight for the 21st century if we keep trusting politicians from the 20th century,” Haley told the crowd of several hundred. “America is on a path of doubt, division and self-destruction,” she added. “A path of vague patriotism and weakening power. The stakes are nothing less than our survival. You and I and every American is being summoned to bold action.” Haley stopped short of directly criticizing Trump during her speech — but made clear digs at Biden and older politicians in general, saying at one point: “America is not past our prime — it’s just that our politicians are past theirs.” Haley also cast herself as a figure capable of generational change, reminding her audience that Republican candidates had lost the popular vote in seven of the past eight presidential elections. “Our cause is right, but we have failed to win the confidence of the majority of Americans,” she said. “That will end today. If you are tired of losing, put your trust in a new generation. If you want to win as a country, stand with me.” Haley leaned heavily on her experience at the UN and her background as a child of Indian immigrants as she spoke in hopeful terms about the US. “On Biden and Harris’ watch, a self-loathing has swept our country. It’s in the classroom, the boardroom and the back rooms of government. Every day, we are told America is flawed, rotten and full of hate,” she said. “Joe and Kamala Harris even say America is racist. Nothing could be further from the truth. “The American people know better. My immigrant parents know better,” Haley declared. “And take it from me, the first minority, female governor in history, America is not a racist country.” Haley also said America was “falling behind” – and “no one embodies that failure more than Joe Biden.” “This is not the America that called to my parents. And make no mistakes, this is not the America I will leave to my children,” she said. Haley was introduced by Rep. Ralph Norman (R-SC), the highest-ranking state lawmaker to endorse her — with Gov. Henry McMaster and Sen. Lindsey Graham signing on to the Trump campaign and Sen. Tim Scott reportedly considering his own presidential run. “I believe Nikki Haley is America’s version of Margaret Thatcher,” Norman said, referring to the Conservative UK prime minister of the 1980s. “She is a fighter, but she fights with a very calm demeanor. Do not let that calm demeanor fool you. Nikki will be a leader with an iron fist in a velvet glove.” Cindy Warmbier – the mother of Otto Warmbier, who died in 2017 after being imprisoned in North Korea – also took the stage, telling supporters that Haley helped her in the wake of her son’s passing. “I came here to tell you how Nikki Haley changed my life. To tell you that Nikki was a glimmer of light in the darkest period of my life,” she said. “To tell you why America would be lucky to have Nikki Haley in the White House. “We need Nikki Haley fighting for all our children the way she fought for Otto.” In a statement to the Associated Press, Trump said he wished Haley “luck” in the campaign. “Even though Nikki Haley said, ‘I would never run against my President, he was a great President, the best President in my lifetime,’ I told her she should follow her heart and do what she wants to do,” he said. “I wish her luck!”