Over the course of the offseason, Mets owner Steve Cohen spent nearly $500 million (!) on free agents. However, fans can see Buck Showalter’s Amazins’ for much, much less when the team prepares for this upcoming season in Florida for 29 Spring Training games from Feb. 25 through March 26. In fact, you might even be able to witness new hurlers Justin Verlander and Kodai Senga don Mets jerseys for the first time for as low as $9 before fees on Vivid Seats for select games in the Sunshine State. Not a bad price considering the two were considered two of the most sought-after free agents in MLB this offseason. And there are a heck of a lot of games against Verlanders’ former Houston Astros, whom he led to a World Series victory in 2022 on the heels of an American League Cy Young Award. They’ll also take on Nicaragua’s World Baseball Classic Team on March 8 and Venezuela’s World Baseball Classic squad on March 9 as well. Plus, all your old favorites like Pete Alonso, Francisco Lindor, Jeff McNeil, Max Scherzer, Brandon Nimmo and many more will also be on hand to get ready for a World Series run. Who knows? You might even get a few autographs and catch a few superstars from other teams like the Astros’ Yordan Álvarez, the Cardinals’ Paul Goldschmidt and the Braves’ Ronald Acuña Jr. in the process. So, if you want to find the game that’s right for you — whether it’s at the Mets’ home in Port St. Lucie, Clover Park, or an opposing team’s ballpark — here’s everything you need to know. A complete calendar including all upcoming Mets home and away spring training dates, opponents, venues and the cheapest tickets available for each game can be found below. The Mets’ complete home and away schedule for the 2023 regular season can be found here. (Note: The New York Post confirmed all above prices at the publication time. All prices are subject to fluctuation and include additional fees at checkout.) Vivid Seats is a verified secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand. They offer a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and your tickets will be delivered prior to the event. If winter has you down, there’s never been a better time to go to balmy Florida than February and March. For those that want to make that a reality, we recommend clicking on over to Expedia. Their site offers side-by-side comparisons of airlines and packages as well as a calendar that includes booking dates and alternative airports. Steve Cohen’s tenure as Mets owner has easily been one of the most entertaining we’ve ever seen. His most recent stunt is a $1 million Super Bowl ad that will air in 1/3 of the Tri-State Area’s homes leading up to the Big Game. For more about this latest footnote in Cohen’s stint, you can catch the full story here. The 2023 concert season is stuffed to the brim with exciting artists on tour. More than 50 household names have announced plans to take their hits all over the country this year. Here are just five of our favorites you won’t want to miss when they come to a city near you in the next few months. • Bruce Springsteen and the E Street Band • Metallica • Taylor Swift • Beyoncé • Blink 182 Want to see what else is out there? Check out our list of the 52 biggest concert tours in 2023 here.