Several prominent New York Times journalists blasted their own union president for calling out management’s “threat” to staff over the Gray Lady’s transgender coverage. Susan DeCarava, the president of NewsGuild of New York, warned the paper’s brass of its “implied threat of discipline” to those who supported criticism leveled by the Gay & Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation (GLAAD) against the newspaper for what the group claimed was anti-trans bias. However, high-profile Times reporters — including Peter Baker, Charlie Savage and  Jeremy Peters — pushed back on DeCarava’s attack on management. “Factual, accurate journalism that is written, edited, and published in accordance with Times standards does not create a hostile workplace,” they wrote Tuesday in a letter to DeCarava. The Times has been roiled by internal strife since hundreds of staffers and contributors signed GLAAD’s open letter last week denouncing the newspaper for “platforming the voices of extremist anti-LGBTQ activists who have built their careers on denigrating and dehumanizing LGBTQ people, especially transgender people.” That letter prompted Joe Kahn, the executive editor, and Kathleen Kingsbury, the opinion editor, to issue a warning to anyone who publicly aired grievances about the paper’s editorial policies. DeCarava followed with her own missive that argued that “employees are protected in collectively raising concerns that conditions of their employment constitute a hostile working environment.” The letter from DeCarava, first reported by Semafor, was posted on the union’s private listserv before it was leaked to the public, a source close to the guild told The Post. The source said DeCarava was concerned that the letter from Kahn and Kingsbury included an “implied threat of discipline” against employees who spoke up. That seemed a step too far for many at the supposed “paper of record.” “Your letter appears to suggest a fundamental misunderstanding of our responsibilities as journalists,” stated the letter to DeCarava, which was reported by Vanity Fair. “Regretfully, our own union leadership now seems determined to undermine the ethical and professional protections that we depend on to guard the independence and integrity of our journalism.” The letter continued: “Every day, partisan actors seek to influence, attack, or discredit our work. We accept that.” “But what we don’t accept is what the Guild appears to be endorsing: A workplace in which any opinion or disagreement about Times coverage can be recast as a matter of ‘workplace conditions,’” the letter stated. “We are journalists, not activists. That line should be clear.” Stephanie Saul, a Times reporter, also called out DeCarava and the guild, according to Semafor. “Susan has no right to send out letters regarding editorial content without consulting with the membership,” Saul wrote. “Criticism of workplace conditions does not include attacking the journalism of other members. I strongly object to this letter and I would hope other members of the unit agree with me.” The Post has sought comment from the Times. A union spokesperson told The Post: “The Guild is committed to representing every member equally and fairly, regardless of reporting assignment,” “We take no position on the subject matter of editorial coverage and fight hard for every member’s right to work in a healthy and safe environment, free of harassment and discrimination,” the rep added. “These are principles that are at the core of trade unionism and are central to our mission.”