SPF is her BFF. An age-defying UK grandma attributes her youthful glow to her meticulous beauty and skincare regimen. Jacqueline Cubici-Gonzalez, 61, says people commonly mistake her for 45 — thanks to her morning routine of applying lotion for two hours. “People my age are expected to be grey and wrinkled, and wear wide long skirts. I always knew I never wanted that,” she told SWNS. “I agree with Madonna’s sentiment that people should be allowed to be young when they’re over 45.” The retired airport worker is referencing the “Material Girl” singer’s post-Grammys comments, where she criticized society for not celebrating “women past the age of 45.” She recently came under fire for her “new face.” “I refuse to age gracefully,” argued Cubici-Gonzalez, from England. She stays active playing tennis, receives luxe spa treatments and takes extra care of her hair. Morning and night, she uses a $72 six-step skincare routine and swears by vitamin-enriched creams and serums. Lastly, she slathers herself in firming cream and 50 SPF meant for children. “If you want to have nice skin, and you don’t want to do all the rest, then just get the factor 50 baby cream, and use a lot,” she advised. “It’s the most important thing I do. If I use one for older skin it looks much less good.” She also splurges on expensive treatments for the rest of her body, estimated at over $2,200 a year, in addition to her weekly hair masks and monthly coloring appointments to rid herself of ghastly greys. “I’m not rich, and you don’t have to be, you just need to grab a bargain,” the mom-of-two reasoned. “It’s absolutely worth every bit of money you spend on it,” she declared. “We should be allowed to have fun, keep dancing, and be trendy and fashionable.” Between the mani-pedi appointments, spa-grade massages and tennis matches, she makes sure to get ample rest — eight hours to be exact. The gran began to preserve her beauty at a young age, claiming she started her routines about four decades ago. The second child of 11, the Venezuelan native said she was constantly comparing her features to her sisters’ looks. “To me it feels really sad to get old — so I’m trying to hold it off every day,” admitted Cubici-Gonzalez, who lives with her husband Steven Jones, 63. But she’s keeping her appearance as young as she feels, wearing tailored skirts, flared pants and trendy sneakers, all style tips she discovered on Instagram “People often comment that I don’t look like I was born in 1961,” she gushed. “I want to look younger for ever.”