Willie Nelson was born in 1933 in Abbott, TX. 90 years later, the Red Headed Stranger is winning Grammy Awards and touring all over the U.S. From Feb. 24 through April 30, Nelson will bring his signature brand of outlaw country he helped pioneer in the late 1960s to concert venues and festivals far and wide. The 12-concert run will come to a close on April 29-30 at Los Angeles’ Hollywood Bowl where Willie will celebrate his 90th birthday with the help of Neil Young, Chris Stapleton, Snoop Dogg, Kacey Musgraves, The Chicks and many more. Best of all, tickets to see the oldest musician still on the road — sure, 91-year-old William Shatner may be doing shows but, to the best of our knowledge, he isn’t singing — are still available. In fact, some of them are fairly inexpensive considering you’ll get to see a living legend that’s released 73 (!) studio albums. At the time of publication, we found some tickets going for as low as $33 before fees on Vivid Seats. Not a bad price to see one of the most influential country artists of all time. So, if you want to catch Nelson on what may be his final tour, here’s everything you need to know. All prices are subject to fluctuation.  A complete calendar including all tour dates, venues and links to the cheapest tickets available for each show can be found below. (Note: The New York Post confirmed all above prices at the publication time. All prices are subject to fluctuation and include additional fees at checkout.) Vivid Seats is a verified secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand. They offer a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and your tickets will be delivered prior to the event.  After winning the Grammy Award for Best Country Album — to be fair, Nelson is older than the Grammy Awards themselves — in 2023 for his 72nd studio album, 2022’s “A Beautiful Time,” Nelson is already back at it. His newest album, “I Don’t Know A Thing About Love” is due out March 3. While we wait for its release, you can hear “A Beautiful Time” here.  This upcoming tour isn’t a novelty run of shows for Nelson. No, he’s been touring regularly these past few years. And he plays a different set every night. Yes, he always opens with “Whiskey River” but what comes next is anyone’s guess. If you want to see what he’s been performing, you can find a record of all Willie Nelson concerts dating back to his first gig ever  — at least as far back as we could find — in 1962 at Set List FM.  On April 29-30, Nelson will celebrate his entrance into nonagenarian life at the Hollywood Bowl. In addition to the artists mentioned earlier, he’ll be joined by Sheryl Crow, Tom Jones, Beck, The Lumineers and Billy Strings, for the two-day musical extravaganza. Want to see who else will be there? Check out the poster for the star-studded weekend below.  You wouldn’t believe it but Nelson isn’t the oldest Grammy winner ever. That distinction belongs to blues pianist Pinetop Perkins who won Best Traditional Blues Album for his record “Joined at the Hip” in 2011. Still, Nelson’s achievement is nothing to sneeze at. The win was his 12th and he bested fellow, much younger nominees Maren Morris, Luke Combs, Miranda Lambert and Ashley McBryde.  Nelson may be the oldest country act playing live this year but he isn’t the only one. Here are just five huge country stars you won’t want to miss when they come to a venue near you in the next few months. • George Strait with Chris Stapleton • Reba McEntire • Alabama • Garth Brooks • Carrie Underwood Want to see who else is on the road again? Check out our list of the 52 biggest concert tours in 2023 here.