A majority of voters — 57% — have doubts about President Biden’s mental fitness, according to a new poll released one day after the commander-in-chief’s physical failed to address mounting questions about his cognitive acuity. The Harvard CAPS-Harris Poll released Friday also found that 67% of registered voters feel that Biden, 80, is showing that he’s too old to be president. Responses to the questions about the president’s fitness were divided along partisan lines, with 75% of Democrats saying Biden was mentally fit for the job and 85% of Republicans having doubts. Among independent voters, 66% said they were wary of his mental fitness and 71% said Biden was showing he was too old to be president. When asked if Biden should run again in 2024, 63% of registered voters said he should not run, with 31% of those saying he shouldn’t run citing his old age as the primary reason. Forty-seven percent didn’t want to see Biden run again because “he’s a bad president” and 22% said, “it’s time for a change.” The poll of 1,838 registered voters was conducted between Feb.15-16. Biden, already the oldest president in US history, would be 86 years old by the end of his second term if he were to run for re-election and win. The president’s doctor gave him a nearly clean bill of health Thursday after his annual physical — but it is not believed that the exam tested Biden’s cognitive health. Dr. Kevin O’Connor’s five-page report on Biden’s health didn’t mention cognition as a concern, despite frequent instances of the president appearing confused in public or sharing inaccurate memories. In one of the most shocking displays of Biden’s seemingly faltering mental state, he asked “Where’s Jackie?” and searched for the late Rep. Jackie Walorski (R-Ind.) during an event in September, despite publicly mourning her death and calling her family to offer his condolences in August. Biden has signaled that he intends to run for re-election but he has not set a date for when he will officially make that determination.