A still-classified report from the federal government’s top biowarfare experts has concluded, albeit with “low confidence,” that COVID really did leak from that Wuhan lab. So much for three years of vehement denial, and outright suppression of even discussion of the idea, from Dr. Anthony Fauci, Big Tech and countless US liberals in the throes of COVID panic. Yes, it’s a bit odd that those experts work for the Department of Energy, which officially owns the report. But it’s going to be tough for holdouts to pretend the famed Livermore Labs is a nest of  racist, tinfoil-hat conspiracy theorists. And this follows the FBI’s similar conclusion in 2021. Since China’s rulers haven’t allowed (and never will) an independent on-the-scene investigation at the Wuhan Institute of Virology, hard proof’s unlikely to ever show. But every hysteric from the government-media censorship machine sure owes apologies and explanations. Including to The Post: We published Steven Mosher’s column raising the lab-leak theory back in February 2020, and Boom! came down the Big Tech hammer, as our opinion piece got suppressed as disinformation. Emails show that Fauci (and scientists who depended on his goodwill for funding) worked from early on to denounce the theory. Supposedly objective reporters attacked it as nothing but racism (as if only bigots are suspicious of China’s government) and woke social-media censors jumped on the bandwagon. Just ignore that biowarfare lab with safety issues right near the first outbreak! It was insane from the start, but the deniers had a host of ugly reasons, from Fauci’s role in funding research possibly related to the outbreak to lefty journos’ compulsion to shout down anything even adjacent to Trump’s talk of “the China virus” and “the WuFlu.” Add in President Joe Biden’s kid-gloves handling of all things China (whether because of Hunter’s connections, or the fact that Beijing was no threat for most of Joe’s career and he’s just too old to adjust). All he gave the nation was a “90-day sprint” by intel agencies that produced a watery mishmash. Americans still deserve the best answers the feds can give. Congressional Republicans are dead right to demand that Biden declassify all intel on this issue, stat, instead of letting it dribble out in half-hearted spurts. Get ready for most of the media to insist that full disclosure is somehow too dangerous. After all, they already look awful now that some of the truth is out there.