 New York’s Finest came out in full force Wednesday to stare down the depraved career criminal accused of fatally shooting off-duty cop Adeed Fayaz in a robbery gone awry. More than 100 police officers solemnly packed the Brooklyn courtroom as alleged cop killer Randy “Popper” Jones faced a judge for the first time on the first-degree murder charge. Jones, 38, wore a Tyvek suit and did not speak during the arraignment, where he was ordered held at Rikers Island without bail by Brooklyn Criminal Court Judge Dale Fong-Frederick. The hearing came the day after Fayaz, a 26-year-old married father of two, succumbed to his injuries at Brookdale Hospital, where he had been on life support since the Saturday evening shooting. Prosecutors said Jones — who has a lengthy rap sheet — had an outstanding traffic warrant and was wanted in a statutory rape case in Virginia when he allegedly shot Fayaz in the head during a botched robbery in East New York. Jones allegedly tried to cover up the heinous crime by putting tape over a bullet hole in his getaway car and ditching his cellphone after he fled, it was revealed in court. Fayaz, a five-year veteran of the NYPD, had gone with his brother-in-law, a livery cab driver, to meet the seller of a Honda Odyssey advertised on Facebook Marketplace shortly before 7 p.m. Feb. 4, when he was ambushed. “When Officer Fayaz and his brother arrived, the defendant pulled a gun, demanded money and then shot Officer Fayaz when they didn’t produce the money, which they had left in the car along with the bill of sale,” Brooklyn Assistant District Attorney Leila Rosini said in court. “Tragically, and unbeknownst to the defendant, the $24,000 in cash was in their car, just not on their person and he did not wait,” she said. “He just shot.” Fayaz’s relative then grabbed the young cop’s gun and fired off several rounds at their attacker, leaving a bullet hole in the getaway BMW SUV as it sped away, prosecutors said. Jones then tried to cover his tracks, Rosini told the court. “The phone used to set up this car purchase was immediately shut off after the crime,” the prosecutor said. “I should also note that the car, when it was recovered, had a bullet hole in it,” she added, “However, it had been covered up with tape.” “The ruthless actions of this defendant and his subsequent attempts at concealment and flight show he would never return to court,” the ADA said. Jones, of Harlem, was on the lam for two days before cops tracked him down at a Days Inn hotel in Nanuet in Rockland County on Monday, where he was holed up with his girlfriend. He was taken into custody with Fayaz’s handcuffs and hauled back to Brooklyn. Jones was hit with charges of murder and robbery Tuesday evening following Fayaz’s death. The fallen officer received a traditional “transfer of remains” ceremony at the hospital, as flags were flown at half-staff at his Borough Park precinct in his honor. “It’s a difficult day,” NYPD PBA president Patrick Lynch said after Fayaz’s death. “You see police officers standing shoulder to shoulder with tears in their eyes.” On Wednesday, they again stood shoulder to shoulder in court. The dozens of officers present remained stone-faced during the hearing. Fellow cops — joined by NYPD Commissioner Keechant Sewell — later lined up outside of the city Medical Examiner’s Office to honor their fallen brother as his body was carried out, to be taken to a funeral home in Brooklyn, the borough he protected. Funeral services for Fayaz will be held at 1 p.m. Thursday at the Makki Masjid Muslim Community Center in Coney Island. A viewing will be held from 9 a.m. to 12:30 p.m. Fayaz is then set to be buried at Pinelawn Memorial Park in Farmingdale. Additional reporting by Tina Moore