Rihanna credits motherhood for her decision to “Take a Bow” at the Super Bowl LVII Halftime Show. Ahead of her highly anticipated 13-minute “almost impossible” performance Sunday, the soon-to-be 35-year-old popstar and lingerie mogul revealed why the world’s biggest stage is the perfect place to perform live for the first time in years. “When you become a mom, there’s something that just happens where you feel like you could take on the world — you can do anything,” Rihanna, who welcomed her first child in May with boyfriend A$AP Rocky, explained to reporters Thursday in Arizona. “And the Super Bowl is one of the biggest stages in the world, so as scary as that was … there’s something exhilarating about the challenge of it all,” she continued. “It’s important for my son to see that.” The couple have yet to announce their son’s name, but Rihanna did reveal his face in a TikTok posted in December. Now Bad Gal Riri is admitting she hesitated when approached about the opportunity to perform at the Super Bowl. It’s been years since Rihanna sang live in front of a large audience. Bryson Tiller, Rihanna and DJ Khaled performed “Wild Thoughts” at the 2018 Grammys. She wrapped her “Anti World Tour” in November 2016. “I was like, ‘You sure? I’m three months postpartum.’ Should I be making major decisions like this right now? I might regret this,” she revealed. The nine-time Grammy winner declared she’s also taking the stage “for immigrants, representing for my country, Barbados, [and] representing for Black women everywhere.” “That’s key for people to see the possibilities. And I’m honored to be here. I’m honored to be doing this this year,” Rihanna added. Apple Music, which is sponsoring the halftime show alongside Jay-Z’s Roc Nation, and the “Diamonds” singer honored her home country in a video trailer posted Thursday. Young Barbadian girls show their swagger to the 2009 tune “Run This Town,” by Jay-Z, Kanye West and Rihanna. The Fenty Beauty businesswoman did not spill which songs from her 18-year catalog she’ll perform Sunday, but she assured viewers they won’t be disappointed. “You’re going to see on Sunday, just from the time it starts, it just never ends, until it’s, like, the very last second,” Rihanna promised at Thursday’s news conference. “There are a lot of people who are a part of this show — and a huge part of the reason why this show is going to be as incredible as it is. I couldn’t have done it without them.”