The only size that matters in a relationship is the size of one’s heart. Plus-sized influencer Lexie Lemon is paying no mind to trolls who hate on her relationship with her thinner boyfriend. The New Orleans native boasts over two million followers on TikTok and loves to show off her lover. But in a recent video, Lemon clapped back at those who had said she shouldn’t be in a rendezvous with someone so disproportionately matched with her body size. “Fatphobes when a plus-sized girl and a skinny guy couple posts anything,” she wrote in the viral footage, which has since amassed over 900,000 views so far. The five-second clip shows Lemon and her boyfriend dancing to background audio with lyrics that declares: “Oh my goodness, oh my damn, they going H.A.M. [‘hard as a motherf- -ker’]” “If this ain’t the truth,” she captioned the snap. The post was showered with love in the comments section from here followers, with one writing, “People really think it’s their job to decide if a couple fits well together.” “You look really cute together,” one fan gushed. Another added in support, “I don’t see the problem. You guys are just a couple, who cares if one of the is overweight or skinny,” Some commended Lemon for bravely putting her relationship on display. “Not even gonna lie. Biggest fear,” one admitted. “I’m the bigger one and I’ve always fallen for skinny/fit men I’m so scared if they get comments about me.” In another video, Lemon responded to a snide comment that read: “Wow, my mother would love this time of cow on the farm.” A grinning Lemon replied by prancing around in lingerie and dedicating the post to her hater, as the background tune sang: “Why are you so mean? You’re just jealous.” In a TikTok post published last year, the model alleged — while cackling and pumping her fists up in the air — that “beautiful, skinny women” had reached out to her man, expressing anger at his choice of a partner. More curvy women have come forward recently to reveal the bullying they endure while dating thinner men. In October, Alex Aspasia posted a short TikTok where she cuddled up with her beau as they stared lovingly into each other’s eyes and shared a kiss. “Don’t let your size stop you from finding someone special,” the 330-pound influencer said.