All your old friends are coming to town. Big Bird, Elmo, Grover, Oscar The Grouch, Cookie Monster and many more are headed to New York for three huge ‘Sesame Street Live: Make Your Magic’ shows at Brooklyn’s Kings Theatre on Saturday, Feb. 25 and Sunday, Feb. 26. Each show will see Elmo and Abby Cadabby team up for an adventure when they how “determination and practice are the best ways to reach your goals.” In addition to the important lesson for young ones, there will also be dancing, audience interaction and “an introduction to the art of illusion.”  Best of all, you won’t have to break the bank to see all your pals when they visit. At the time of publication, we found some tickets going for $42 before fees on Vivid Seats. So, if you want to see Elmo, Abby and the rest of the gang’s 90-minute show, here’s everything you need to know. All prices are subject to fluctuation.  A complete calendar including all upcoming Kings Theatre dates, start times and cheapest upper deck and lower-level tickets available can be found below. (Note: The New York Post confirmed all above prices at the publication time. All prices are subject to fluctuation and include additional fees at checkout.) Vivid Seats is a verified secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand. They offer a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and your tickets will be delivered prior to the event.  The show typically runs 90 minutes. For all other questions about how children’s tickets are priced, what to wear at a ‘Sesame Street Live’ show, meet and greets, cameras and COVID precautions can be found on ‘Sesame Street Live’s’ official FAQ here.  Now in its 53rd season, ‘Sesame Street’ can be seen on PBS where it has aired since 1969. However, if you want to stream past episodes you can watch all your favorites on HBO Max.  It’s always hard to a) find time to get out of the house with the little ones and b) find entertainment that’s suitable for them. No need to worry though — we’re here to help. Here are just five of the best shows for kids that may be coming to a city near you soon. • Disney On Ice: Frozen and Encanto • Paw Patrol Live • Blippi • Bluey’s Big Play • Kidz Bop Live! Want to leave the kids with a babysitter and find a show that’s a bit more your speed? Check out our list of the 52 biggest concert tours of 2023 here.