Harrison Ford raised eyebrows when he revealed the one costar who he says has a “nice penis.” During an appearance on “The Late Show with Stephen Colbert,” the 80-year-old divulged that it was his “Shrinking” castmate Jason Segel, 43, who flashed him — although not personally. The “Indiana Jones” star was asked about recent reports that claimed Ford didn’t know who Segel was before appearing together in their new Apple TV+ series. “Not true,” Ford explained to Colbert, 58, on the talk show, insisting he’d seen him around. In preparation for “Shrinking,” Ford nevertheless decided to revisit some of his costar’s previous work, including the 2008 comedy “Forgetting Sarah Marshall,” in which Segal was featured in full-frontal nudity. “I thought it was really fantastic,” Ford said of the film. He then briefly hesitated before adding, “The [‘Shrinking’] producer asked me what I thought, and I said, ‘Nice penis.'” Bill Lawrence, who executive produces the new series — alongside “Ted Lasso” star and writer Brett Goldstein — spoke to TV Insider last month about the show, claiming Ford had asked who Segel was and what other projects he was in. According to Lawrence, when he called the “Star Wars” alum about “Shrinking,” the conversation occurred as follows: “Shrinking” follows Segel as a bereaved psychiatrist navigates fatherhood in the absence of his wife, meanwhile doing his best to impress his boss and mentor, played by Ford, by taking a more experimental approach to work. Ford will next be seen in the fifth and final installment of the “Indiana Jones” franchise — out on June 30. The octogenarian will don his dusty brown hat and grab his rope for one last swinging adventure. The new flick, which takes place in 1944 — eight years after the events in 1981’s “Raiders of the Lost Ark” — will see Ford de-aged by 40 years thanks to cutting-edge (and very expensive) special effects technology. “My hope is that, although it will be talked about in terms of technology, you just watch it and go, ‘Oh my God, they just found footage. This was a thing they shot 40 years ago,’ ” producer Kathleen Kennedy told Empire last year. “We’re dropping you into an adventure, something Indy is looking for, and instantly you have that feeling, ‘I’m in an Indiana Jones movie,'” she said.