The Carson Wentz experiment with the Commanders was short-lived. Washington announced Monday that it has released Wentz after just one season with the team, allowing it to save $26.17 million against the salary cap, according to ESPN’s Adam Schefter. Wentz, who was traded to the Commanders by the Colts ahead of the 2022 season, only started seven games, appeared in eight and was benched in favor of backup Taylor Heinicke at times throughout the year. The seven starts were the fewest of the 30-year-old’s career, as were his 1,755 passing yards and 11 touchdowns. Wentz suffered a fractured finger in Washington’s Week 6 win against the Bears, and that sparked a quarterback controversy that continued throughout the rest of the year — especially after Wentz recovered, returned to practice and neared a return. He didn’t play again until Week 16. Wentz took over in the fourth quarter of a loss to the 49ers, and he promptly led the Commanders on a touchdown drive and finished 12-for-16 with 123 yards and a touchdown. Heinicke had fumbled and thrown an interception on consecutive drives, and Wentz provided the spark that head coach Ron Rivera was looking for. Wentz was named the starter for Week 17, but was benched again after throwing three interceptions in a season-crushing 24-10 loss to the Browns. The Commanders turned to rookie Sam Howell for the regular-season finale. Washington changed offensive coordinators in the offseason — firing Scott Turner and snagging Eric Bieniemy, whose contract had expired, from the Chiefs — to try and ignite a group of talented skill-position players that includes wideout Terry McLaurin and running back Brian Robinson. Rivera said earlier this month that Howell would “more than likely” serve as the team’s top quarterback in OTAs, minicamp and training camp, according to NFL.com The Commanders finished last in the NFC East with an 8-8-1 record, missing the postseason for the sixth time in the last seven seasons. Wentz was acquired by Washington after a season with the Colts and five years with the Eagles, which selected him No. 2 overall in 2016.