Radio royalty Angela Yee is sleeping in these days. After 12 years of waking up at 4 a.m. to co-host the top-rated morning show, “The Breakfast Club,” with DJ Envy and Charlamagne Tha God, Yee is rocking the airwaves on her own. The highly anticipated “Way Up with Angela Yee” debuts Monday, Feb. 6, on 30 iHeartMedia stations across the country. (New Yorkers can listen on Power 105.1.) It’s the perfect showcase for the hip-hop and black culture trailblazer, who is just as comfortable interviewing Cardi B about her stripper days as talking to Tennessee Senator London Lamar about Tyre Nichols. Not only is the time slot a more manageable 10 a.m. start, but the nationally syndicated show has a different energy, vibe and format. Expect more themed segments, issue-driven content, impactful celebrity interviews and listener participation. Guests are encouraged to call in and share their opinions about the conversation happening in real time. “I want listeners to feel like the ‘Way Up’ is relatable,” Yee, 47, told the Post in an exclusive interview. “It’s important to have fun talking about serious topics because the world is a really heavy place now.” Yee said her sense of humor and confidence comes from being part of a biracial family; her mother is West Indian and her father is Chinese. The native New Yorker grew up in Flatbush and was constantly teased about her Chinese last name. “Not only was my dad the only Chinese person in the neighborhood, but my elementary school was 98% Black,” Yee recalled. “My last name is Yee so people would make fun of that, too. It made me have a tougher skin and learn to crack jokes back.” After graduating from Wesleyan University as an English major, Yee landed her first job at Wu-Tang Management, which exposed her to all sides of the music industry. “That was a crash course in the music business,” she said. Next, Yee worked with legendary music producer Nile Rodgers, the bassist for Chic, and credits him with teaching her about entrepreneurship. “He schooled me in all the different ways he makes money,” she said. “He has the publishing for the song, ‘We Are Family.’ That alone makes him a ton of money that he could just live off. He told me about working with Madonna [on ‘Like a Virgin’] and getting points as an executive producer instead of asking for money upfront.” From Eminem, whom she first encountered when he was a fledgling rapper in the ’90s, Yee learned to treat everyone with respect, regardless of where they were in their career. “When I first met Eminem, he wasn’t signed yet,” she recalled. “I was working with Wu-Tang and I had him open up for them at an event in Staten Island for Park Hill Day in the Park Hill Projects.” Years later, when Eminem hit it big, Yee was tapped to launch his clothing line, Shady LTD. These powerful music connections and lessons ultimately steered her to radio. In 2005, she joined SiriusXM as the co-host of Shade 45’s “Cipha Sounds Effect.” Her considerable contacts and friendly interview style allowed led to chats with the likes of Nicki Minaj, Chris Rock and 50 Cent. She also broke emerging artists like Drake and Machine Gun Kelly on her segment, “Don’t Quit Your Day Job.” “Machine Gun Kelly was just a kid from Cleveland, Ohio; he was maybe 16,” she recalled. “He wasn’t the best yet, but it’s nice to be part of people’s stories and to give them that catalyst they might need to keep going.” (On the “Way Up,” Yee intends to continue to spotlight new, unsigned artists.) At SiriusXM, she also launched “Lip Service,” a provocative and raw show about sex and intimacy that’s now a podcast. No topics are off limit, from vibrators and anal sex to threesomes and orgasms. Cardi B, Amber Rose, GloRilla and Trick Daddy have all been on to promote their latest projects and share tidbits about their sex life. “Lip Service” has also improved listeners’ sex lives — and even Yee’s too. “People tell me that they’ve tried more things because of the show,” she said. “Men will come up to me and be like, ‘Oh my god, I love when my girl listens to ‘Lip Service’ because when she comes home, she wants to try out a new move in the bedroom.’ Even for myself, it makes me try new things too, you know? I’m definitely not an expert on everything yet. I’m working on it.” And while it seemed a dicey move at first, in 2010, Yee left SiriusXM to join “The Breakfast Club” on Power 105.1. Quickly, the dynamic combination of Yee, DJ Envy and Charlamagne Tha God proved to be a ratings blockbuster, leading to syndication in 100 markets. But after 12 years, Yee was ready to branch off on her own. Her last day on “The Breakfast Club” was December 2. “At first, people didn’t understand why I was leaving something that is still really successful,” she said. “People were telling me, ‘Oh, that’s stupid. Why would you leave?’ But if you ask me, that’s the time to leave. It could have been really easy to stay on ‘The Breakfast Club,’ but it was important for me to take on a new challenge.” The thing she’ll miss the least about “The Breakfast Club” is commuting at the crack of dawn. “I used to hate being up with the rats in the morning and seeing them taking over the streets,” she said, laughing. “I get a couple extra hours of sleep, no rats, and I can go to the gym in the morning.” When she’s not on the radio, Yee, who lives in Bed-Stuy, is an entrepreneur with multiple businesses meant to empower minorities, including Drink Fresh Juice, a line of organic pressed juices; Coffee Uplifts People (CUP), a majority Black-owned coffee company; and Private Label, a hair-extensions shop in Detroit. The former English major has even started a book club for minority authors with WellRead, serves as an ambassador for the New York Public Library and is writing her first book this year. In 2018, she was honored for her community activism by former Mayor DeBlasio with an official “Angela Yee Day” on August 28. The annual event is held in Brooklyn and highlights local Black-owned businesses and Black and Caribbean musicians. One of her dream guests for the “Way Up” is Lauryn Hill, who she was friends with during high school. Another superstar she wants on-air is Rihanna. “I love Rihanna’s sense of humor, how unfiltered she is and how down to earth she is,” Yee said. “She doesn’t do a lot of interviews, you know, being a billionaire now and being able to live her life the way that she wants.” Similarly, now that Yee can shine on her new show, the vibe is unapologetically feminine. “The world right now is more female, as far as empowerment goes,” Yee said. “Because I am a woman and a woman of color, that is going to be what I focus on the most because that’s what I relate to the most. To me, it’s personal.” Tamara Beckwith/NY Post; Photo Assistant: Brian Zak; Stylist: Star Burleigh/Celestine Agency; Assistant Stylist: Morgan Snow; Hair: Emma Elizabeth/Honey Artists; Makeup: Markphong Tram w/ABTP