GLENDALE, Ariz. — Remember Andy Reid’s reputation in his previous life as an NFL head coach, in Philadelphia? He was perceived as a likeable guy who loves cheeseburgers and Hawaiian shirts as well as being a good coach with a creative offensive mind. More importantly, though, he was also perceived as a head coach who couldn’t win the big game. Well, you know what? With Chiefs 38, Eagles 35 in Super Bowl LVII Sunday night at State Farm Stadium in the books, Kansas City’s 64-year-old self-deprecating head coach has a couple big games as pelts now. The riveting comeback win that came down to the final ticks of the clock was Reid’s second Super Bowl title in the past four seasons in Kansas City. “During the trophy presentation, I made a point of saying that Andy’s one of the greatest coaches in NFL history,’’ Chiefs owner Clark Hunt told The Post in a quiet moment among the celebratory mayhem while standing outside his team’s locker room. “I think over the last three years, he’s proven it. He needed some Super Bowls. Now he’s gotten his second, and he’s clearly established one of the best résumés of any coach in the NFL.’’ If you don’t think a coach can make a difference, consider that Reid’s superstar quarterback Patrick Mahomes was compromised by aggravating his high right ankle sprain in the second quarter. Consider how Reid somehow found ways to get Travis Kelce wide open with his mastermind offensive design when the Eagles’ No. 1 task on defense was to not let the Chiefs tight end destroy them. How was receiver Kadarius Toney so wide open on the 5-yard TD pass from Mahomes that it looked like the Eagles’ defense didn’t even know he was on the field? That play gave the Chiefs, who were down 24-14 at the half, a 28-27 lead with 12:04 remaining in the game. How was rookie receiver Skyy Moore as open as Toney was three minutes later on the 4-yard Mahomes TD pass that gave the Chiefs a 35-28 lead with 9:22 remaining? Because Reid is an honest-to-goodness genius as an offensive mind. “He’s the smartest coach in the game because he’s always a step ahead,’’ Toney said. “I thought the job that he did tonight was one of the best I’ve seen,’’ Hunt said. “The two touchdowns that we scored in the flat in the second half, those players were as open as you’ll ever see a player. Obviously, he schemed that up and it worked to perfection.’’ In his 14 years in Philadelphia, Reid brought the Eagles to the threshold of winning it all, but never could break the door down, barge in and hoist the trophy. He led the Eagles to the NFC Championship game in 2001, 2002 and 2003 and lost each time. Then, in 2004, he finally got the Eagles into the Super Bowl and lost to the Patriots. For that, Reid was respected by Eagles fans, but there certainly wasn’t an uprising among them when team owner Jeffrey Lurie fired him in 2012 after 14 seasons. Fasting forward to Sunday night, Reid not only defeated his former team, but he cemented himself as one of the best NFL head coaches of all time. He’s 118-45 with the Chiefs and now has 22 postseason victories, second only to Patriots legend Bill Belichick’s 31. “Andy Reid, for sure, is one the greatest coaches to ever coach this game,’’ Chiefs receiver JuJu Smith-Schuster said. “Bro, for him to be the all-time winningest coach for both teams today? I mean, that says enough.’’ Chiefs defensive end Chris Jones said, “Coach Reid is legendary. He makes us all look good.’’ Reid was already a lock for the Hall of Fame before this Super Bowl. The win over the Eagles catapulted him into rarefied air as a two-time Super Bowl winning head coach. Only 13 coaches in NFL history have won two Super Bowls and only four of them — Chuck Noll, Joe Gibbs, Bill Walsh and Belichick — have won more than two. About that narrative for not being able to win the big game? “Things in a sense have come full circle for him,’’ Hunt said. “His record since he joined us is over 70 percent win rate with bunch of playoff wins, five AFC Championship games, three Super Bowl appearances and two Super Bowl wins.’’ There was chatter before the game that Reid may retire after Sunday’s Super Bowl. “I’ll have a decision I’ll need to make,” he told Fox Sports. The delirious look on Reid’s cherubic face when former Rutgers running back Isiah Pacheco and Skyy Moore doused him with a Gatorade bath when the game was over told you all you needed to know about what his decision was going to be. Reid, after the game, confirmed that he’s not going anywhere — and why would he with Mahomes in his prime and this team around him? “We looked at JuJu and said, ‘It’s rookie duty today,’ so, we grabbed the Gatorade jug and took on the rookie duty,’’ Pacheco said. “It was a memorable moment for me and Skyy … a moment I’ll cherish for the rest of my life.’’