Daniel Jones’ apparent $45 million-per-year asking price doesn’t appear to be a fictitious number to those around the league. During a recent appearance on “NFL Live,” ESPN’s senior NFL reporter, Jeremy Fowler, was asked what the Giants quarterback is said to be commanding as free agency looms, noting how some NFL teams believe the $45 million figure is “real.” “I believe it’s real,” Fowler said. “After making calls the last 24 hours, talking to teams, I do believe it’s real, I know some teams believe it’s real.” Jones, who just finished his fourth season in New York, led the team to its first postseason berth since 2016 and recorded a playoff win in the wild-card round, despite having limited weapons at wide receiver around him. Those points, among others, are what Fowler believes Jones will “hang his hat” on. “You have a player who figures, ‘Hey, if I get 45 [million], you’ve got Joe Burrow, Jalen Hurts, Justin Herbert, all these guys are going to well-surpass me,’ he’s barely going to be top-10 in paid by the end of the summer,” Fowler said, referencing what the Bengals, Eagles, and Chargers quarterbacks, respectively, could possibly make. This week, Pro Football Talk reported that Jones “wants more than the Giants have offered,” with a source noting, “possibly as much as $45 million per year, or more.” The former first-round pick — whose fifth-year option was declined last spring — also changed his representation from Creative Artists Agency to Athletes First. Discussions between the Giants and Jones’ camp “got off to a much bumpier start than expected,” according to The Post’s Ryan Dunleavy, who also reported the “franchise tag is very much in play for him.” The rate for quarterbacks with the franchise tag this year is $32.4 million, according to Over the Cap. Although the Giants are expected to have more than $40 million in cap space, the team has other playmakers to address beyond Jones – namely running back Saquon Barkley. Through 16 regular-season games last year, Jones threw for a career-high of 3,205 yards, 15 touchdowns, and five interceptions, a career-low. The deadline for the franchise tag is March 7.