Former Eagles safety Chris Maragos won a malpractice lawsuit against the medical team that failed to treat his torn meniscus. Maragos, who was awarded $43.5 million by the jury, sued Dr. James Bradley and Rothman Orthopaedics for medical negligence after the former safety tore his posterior cruciate ligament (PCL) during Philadelphia’s 2017 Super Bowl-winning season. The 36-year-old claimed doctors missed a torn meniscus and incorrectly said it was stable, which forced Maragos to retire from the NFL after a fruitful career, the Washington Post reported. Bradley will have to pay Maragos $29.2 million, while Rothman will have to fork up $14.3 million, per the Philadelphia Inquirer. “On Sunday, my team played in the [Super Bowl], and I could only watch and wonder whether I could have been out there with them had I received proper medical care,” Maragos said in a press release through his legal team. “While I live in constant pain and will never get back on the field, I hope this decision sends a message to teams’ medical staffs that players are people, not just contracts… “We’re really grateful and thankful for the outcome. We had the truth on our side, and the jury saw it.” The two-time Super Bowl champion’s initial injury occurred in October 2017 and his PCL was surgically repaired by Bradley. It was discovered in 2018 that his knee didn’t heal correctly, according to Maragos’ attorneys, but he was still given the go ahead for rehabilitation – an action that led to complications. Maragos’ attorney Dion Rassias said doctors “hastily advanced [the safety]s activities” which caused him to go down “a path of pain, suffering, immobility and several future knee replacements.” Following the initial surgery, Maragos has gone through two more procedures and could be getting a knee replacement. Maragos originally went undrafted before playing in the NFL for nearly a decade. Maragos started his career with the 49ers and later the Seahawks, winning a Super Bowl with Seattle. He then joined Philadelphia in 2014 and was named an Eagles special teams captain before getting hurt. He retired from the NFL in 2019 after being released by Philadelphia. Maragos’ trial was two weeks long and contained a star-studded witness list, including former Eagles Nick Foles and Trey Burton. The former safety and his attorneys are hoping the lawsuit’s outcome changes how medical teams approach NFL players’ injuries in the future. “This case and this jury may have changed the course of history by now forcing these team doctors and trainers to stop worrying about when a player might return to play and start thinking about the next 50 years of a player’s life,” Rassias said.