Embattled Transportation Secretary Pete Buttigieg said Tuesday he will travel to Ohio “when the time is right” to review the devastating effects of this month’s toxic train derailment amid withering criticism that the Biden administration has been too slow to deal with the catastrophe. “I am planning to go and our folks were on the ground from the first hours. I do want to stress that the NTSB needs to be able to do its work independently,” Buttigieg said on ABC’s “Good Morning America,” referring to the National Transportation Safety Board. However, the 41-year-old did not give a specific date for when he would travel to East Palestine, other than saying he would do so “when the time is right.” Buttigieg said he has dealt with other disasters from his time as the mayor of South Bend, Ind., and found that there are “two kinds of people who show up.” “People who were there because they have a specific job to do and are there to get something done. And people were there to look good and have their picture taken,” he said. “When I go, it will be about action on real safety, like the actions that we are calling on Congress to help us with, that we’re calling on industry to take and that we are undertaking ourselves as a department to help make sure that these kinds of things don’t happen in the future,” he continued. Buttigieg has not visited East Palestine, near the Pennsylvania-Ohio border, since a Norfolk Southern train carrying toxic chemicals derailed on Feb. 3. He made his comments one day before former President Donald Trump said he would visit the area. The secretary’s whereabouts have been a source of speculation. His public schedule has not been posted since the week of the derailment — though the DOT’s website indicates it has been updated weekly. Buttigieg’s first major public appearance since the derailment, on Feb. 13, included cringeworthy jokes about the Chinese spy balloon shot down earlier this month — but no mention of the accident. Later that week, Buttigieg tweeted a suggestion that a braking rule for trains withdrawn by the Trump administration in 2018 was to blame for the Ohio derailment. “We’re constrained by law on some areas of rail regulation (like the braking rule withdrawn by the Trump administration in 2018 because of a law passed by Congress in 2015), but we are using the powers we do have to keep people safe,” he posted Feb. 14. The transportation secretary also appeared to downplay the derailment in an interview with Yahoo Finance, saying: “While this horrible situation has gotten a particularly high amount of attention, there are roughly 1000 cases a year of a train derailing.” The East Palestine derailment caused thousands of evacuations from the small town and contaminated the surrounding air and the water. This is a developing story.