Add another name to Assembly Speaker Carl Heastie’s free-speech enemy list. Heastie, who’s stonewalling The Post, is now blocking prominent critic Jeffrey Wiesenfield from his Twitter feed. Wiesenfield — a trustee for the City University of New York from 1999 to 2014 —  said he got a message in the fall from the social media platform that Heastie removed him as a follower. Weisenfield has steadfastly criticized the pol’s positions on easing the bail law and other criminal justice issues, arguing it’s contributed to a crime wave. Wiesenfield said he decided to go public with the social media snub after Heastie started ignoring questions from The Post’s Albany correspondent Zach Williams. For his part, Heastie fumed he felt “disrespected.” “@Carl Heastie blocked you. You are blocked from following @Carl Heastie and viewing @Carl Heastie tweets,” said the note Wiesenfeld got last fall. “This idiot Heastie bars me from his twitter page,” the unamused Wiesenfeld groused. He pointed out former Assemblyman Dov Hikind forced lefty socialist firebrand Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez (D.NY) to stop blocking Hikind from her Twitter feed after he filed a lawsuit accusing her of violating his free speech rights. As part of the settlement, AOC even apologized, stating: “In retrospect, it was wrong and improper and does not reflect the values I cherish. I sincerely apologize for blocking Mr. Hikind.” “I could go after him as HIKIND did after after AOC. But — who cares?,” Wiesenfeld said. “Everyone knows that Heastie and Cousins [Senate Majority Leader Andrea Stewart-Cousins] are the HEROES of New York’s criminals and they care not that minorities are PRIME victims,” Wiesenfeld tweeted last year. He also tweeted that “all they care about is affirmative action for bail” and “not a whit for innocent citizens.” “Heastie would doubtless say I ‘disrespected’ him — as he inanely contended that the NYP did likewise,” said Wiesenfeld, who previously worked in former Mayor Ed Koch’s administration. Heastie’s office had no immediate comment. The Bronx Democrat has insisted stats compiled by the state Office of Court Administration and the state Division of Criminal Justice Services don’t indicate the cashless bail law is the main driver of crime. “Both of those agencies said bail reform is not the reason why crime has increased,” Heastie told NY1 last fall. Stewart-Cousins and state Senate Democrats also said they will only support changes to the bail law backed by solid data. During a Q-and-A session with reporters in Albany on Feb. 7, Heastie pointedly ignored The Post’s scribe, who asked why Assembly Democrats were changing committee rules to make it harder for individual lawmakers to force votes on controversial legislation. “Next question,” Heastie curtly responded. The move marked the second time in as many weeks the Assembly speaker refused to respond to Williams’ questions. Williams previously was shut down after trying to ask about bail reform and charter schools.