Ice cream makes her scream — in bed. In March 2020, Luba Dudenko was in a serious  car accident and suffered fractures in her back and pelvis. She landed in a wheelchair for four months — and dancing in the sheets was out of the question as she recovered. Dudenko soon realized that making ice cream was a sweet sexual substitute. She had just founded Kinky Scoops two months earlier — with exotic frozen flavors like “Pop the Cherry,” “Snuggle in Bread” and “Sugar Daddy.” Following the horrific crash on the Brooklyn-Queens Expressway while sitting in the back of an Uber, the Williamsburg resident spent two months in the hospital, where surgeons realigned her back using screws. After returning home, Dudenko, 29, had to learn how to manage her constant pain — and lack of sex. She found scoops of stimulation. “As I was making ice cream, I was like, ‘You know what, it’s giving me everything that sex gives me’ . . . And I have to tell you, when you find that perfect combo of ingredients and flavors, it is orgasmic. You have this tingling inside your body.” Now that she’s back on the horse, so to speak, and “actively dating,” Dudenko says she’s taken her ice cream to the boudoir. “That’s the test kitchen,” she said, laughing. “There’s so many fun things you can do with it. It’s cold and it’s tantalizing.” Her accident settlement has helped her grow her fledgling business, which began when she finally opened the ice cream maker her mother had gifted her years earlier. She now makes every scoop — each carton goes for $11 — in a Greenpoint kitchen with real chefs. Ingredients are sourced locally, from places like Noz Market on the Upper East Side. Some of her flirty flavors include “Stimulation,” sprinkled with chocolate-covered coffee beans; “Like a Virgin,” which contains extra virgin olive oil; “Orguasm,” filled with guava paste; “Pop the Cherry,” mixed with maraschino cherries and dark rum; and “C Lime Max,” infused with lime juice. For Valentine’s Day, she’s debuting “Brie Mine,” made with the actual French cheese, lemon juice and salt. “We really wanted to stay away from this traditional image of like a cow and a kid eating an ice cream,” she said. “Ice cream, I think, is an aphrodisiac.”