New York Post readers can get a sweet new customer offer with the Caesars Sportsbook promo code NPBONUSFULL. The promo code lets new users make an initial wager up to $1,250 on Caesars, and if the bet loses, that same amount is returned back as bet credits. For example, if a bettor signs up and places a first bet for $200 that loses, they would still get back $200 in free bets, and so on up to $1,250. Click the link below to find out how to get $1,250 bet credits on Caesars when the Milwaukee Bucks host the Boston Celtics on Tuesday night. This offer can be used for any sport on Caesars. The promo code NPBONUSFULL allows new customers to get up to $1,250 in bet credits on Caesars. All it takes is a first bet $10 or more, and you don’t need to stress about losing money because losing bets are returned back in bet credits. You get back the same dollar amount you initially wagered — up to $1,250. If you win, you receive your winnings just like normal. The promo code NPBONUSFULL also allows users to get 1,000 Tier credits and 1,000 Reward credits just for signing up. The two best teams in the Eastern Conference meet in Milwaukee tonight when the Bucks take on the Boston Celtics. Boston enters this game with the best record in the NBA at 41-16, but Milwaukee is close behind at 39-17 and has won 10 games in a row. Caesars Sportsbook lists the Bucks as four-point favorites tonight and that feels right. There really isn’t much of a gap between these two teams, and Milwaukee is red-hot and playing on its home court, so it should be able to pull out the win. The Bucks also have the best player in the game with Giannis Antetokounmpo, who is having another MVP-caliber season by averaging 32.4 points and 12.3 rebounds per game. It also helps that Khris Middleton seems to have found his footing again after he missed time with various injuries early in the season. The Celtics are on a four-game win streak of their own and will definitely be a tough out for Milwaukee, but I think a healthy Middleton and a home crowd will be enough for the Bucks. For a fantastic deal on this game, use the promo code NPBONUSFULL on Caesars Sportsbook. 21+. Available in AZ, CO, IA, IL, IN, KS, LA, MI, NJ, NY, TN, VA, WV only. Full T&C apply. Who doesn’t like a little extra bang for their buck? Caesars Profit Boosts increase the net winnings of your bet by a given percentage and can be applied to all sorts of bets. Profit Boosts can be used on straight bets (money line, spread, total) and parlays, but there are also boowtw that are exclusively for straight bets only, parlays only, or even parlays with a set number of legs. Profit Boosts can be applied to a variety of sports and bet types, but only those available will appear in your bet slip. Make sure to look for any profit boosts in your ‘Bonus Drawer’ on Caesars Sportsbook.