Chiefs quarterback Patrick Mahomes and his wife, Brittany Matthews, are ready for a third round at the Super Bowl. The fitness entrepreneur, 27, will be supporting Mahomes, also 27, in his third championship appearance when the Chiefs face the Eagles in Super Bowl 2023 at State Farm Stadium in Glendale, Arizona, on Sunday. Matthews arrived Tuesday via a private jet with the couple’s daughter, Sterling Skye, who turns 2 years old this month. Matthews was by Mahomes’ side during the quarterback’s first Super Bowl victory with the Chiefs in 2020, as well as the following year when Kansas City suffered a loss to Tom Brady and the Buccaneers. Since then, the high school sweethearts have expanded their family, their resumes and so much more. Take a look back at Mahomes and Matthews’ life milestones between the quarterback’s first Super Bowl appearance to now: Feb. 2, 2020: Mahomes wins his first Super Bowl after the Chiefs defeated the 49ers, 31-20, at Hard Rock Stadium in Miami. The quarterback was named Super Bowl MVP after going 26-of-42 for 286 yards, two touchdowns and two interceptions, along with 29 yards on nine carries on the ground. “We fought for our right to PAAAARTYYYY #chiefskingdom,” Matthews wrote on Instagram at the time, including a photo of the couple hugging on the field. March 31, 2020: Mahomes and Matthews celebrate eight years together. At the time, she shared photos of the couple when they attended Whitehouse High School in Whitehouse, Texas, and beyond. “8 years ago, you played safety & I was a cheerleader in a small town called Whitehouse, TX,” Matthews wrote on Instagram. “Oh how times have changed! Love you.” Sept. 1, 2020: Mahomes proposes to Matthews following the Chiefs’ championship ring ceremony at Arrowhead Stadium, presenting her with a massive engagement ring estimated to be worth six figures. “This happened today,” Matthews wrote on her Instagram Story, where she posted photos of a private suite filled with rose petals and a sign that read, “Will you marry me,” in lights. Sept. 29, 2020: Mahomes and Matthews announce they’re expecting their first child. “Mom & Dad, taking a small detour to the wedding,” Matthews wrote on Instagram, where she shared photos of the couple holding ultrasound pics. Feb. 7, 2021: Matthews supports Mahomes after the Chiefs lose to Tom Brady and the Tampa Bay Buccaneers in Super Bowl 2021. “Not how we wanted it to end, but 15 played his heart out and I’m always and forever proud of him in everything he does!” Matthews wrote on Twitter. “Now let’s have a baby.” Feb. 20, 2021: Mahomes and Matthews welcome their first child, daughter Sterling Skye Mahomes. The couple shared the exciting news on Instagram with a photo of their baby girl holding her mom’s finger. Matthews was pictured wearing a silver necklace with her daughter’s name written in cursive letters. March 12, 2022: Mahomes and Matthews tie the knot in an intimate ceremony in Hawaii. The couple said “I do” with their friends and family present, including daughter Sterling, who served as the flower girl. The ceremony took place by the ocean in Maui with a massive flower arch at the altar. They later honeymooned in St. Barts. May 2022: The couple announces Matthews’ second pregnancy in a joint Instagram post. “Round 2!” Mahomes captioned a trio of photos that showed the couple smiling with Sterling, who held a sign that read, “Big sister duties … coming soon.” Nov. 28, 2022: Mahomes and Matthews announce the birth of their son, Patrick “Bronze” Lavon Mahomes III, on Instagram, where they posted a photo of the infant lying on a Mahomes-printed blanket. Although the baby’s face was not featured in the snap, Mahomes and Matthews did include a silver diamond chain with the name “Bronze” engraved in the middle. They have yet to publicly share photos of their son’s face. Jan. 10, 2023: Mahomes joins Matthews as a part owner of the Kansas City Current, the women’s soccer organization that was also co-founded by Chris and Angie Long. “I am thankful for the chance to join @brittanylynne as part of the @thekccurrent ownership team,” the quarterback wrote on Instagram. “She and the Longs have done an incredible job building a world-class organization and I am excited to join another championship-caliber club as it continues to make history.” Jan. 29, 2023: Matthews celebrates with her father-in-law, former MLB pitcher Pat Mahomes, after the Chiefs defeat the Bengals in the 2023 AFC Championship game. The Mahomes family partied the night away after the Chiefs punched their ticket to Super Bowl 2023. Pat was seen smoking a cigar in a private suite at Arrowhead Stadium, before Matthews, Mahomes, and his younger brother, Jackson Mahomes, took a party bus to an afterparty in Kansas City.