New Mets pitcher Kodai Senga throws 100 mph and has a forkball so good it’s called a “ghost” pitch, he has a career 2.59 ERA and five rings in Japan before age 30. Yet, with a $75 million deal, he got slightly more than mid-rotation starter Taijuan Walker. The reason may be what sources say is an iffy medical. His physical was actually OK’d before figures were finalized by a team that’s become a stickler on physicals in what was said to be a “good behind-the-scenes collaborative effort.” If this mode impacted the final number, it also curtailed potential drama. Folks in the know say it’s common for Japanese pitchers to show more wear on the arm earlier since star starters there throw more innings at younger ages. Mets people express confidence he’ll be healthy for 2023. Meantime, Carlos Correa’s three deals did provide a lot of drama. But in the end, he may have gotten the right deal — six years with a high $33.3 million annual average — following a lot of headlines. One rival exec predicted no one will ever again get $200M after two failures (one doctor suggested Correa has the worst ankle he’s seen) and called it a “Houdini” job to get that much after a “collapsed market.” But the Twins love him and pay no tax. The Angels already had a boffo winter — Tyler Anderson at $40M for three years and Carlos Estevez at $13.5M for two look like rare potential bargains in this market — and still have a little to spend. They’ve been in touch on Gary Sanchez, Zack Britton, Andrew Chafin, Elvis Andrus and Michael Wacha, among others. Anthony Rendon, who the Angels see as a key, is said feeling “fantastic.” Yuli Guerriel had been seeking $3M. He’s still out there after turning down a few deals. He changed agents, but apparently the issue was actually his sub .700 OPS. Dusty Baker is stumping to get Gurriel back with the Astros, though the fit is tight after they signed Jose Abreu. Stephen Strasburg is throwing near his Washington home. Pitching prognosis remains unclear, as thoracic outlet syndrome provides no certainties. Cole Hamels is receiving calls after an impressive throwing session in Arlington, Texas. He was 88-91 mph on the gun and appears to have a good chance at a comeback.