It was a ballsy move by Tommy Lee. The Mötley Crüe rocker — who is famed for flaunting his private parts on social media — stunned fans by sharing a snap of his testicles to Twitter on Tuesday night. The frisky photo was taken from behind, with the well-endowed drummer, 60, showing off his butt and balls. “Hey @MrPeanut let’s collab!… I’ll bring the NUTZ!!!!” Lee captioned the bizarre photo, which appeared to have been posted purely for shock value. The raunchy rocker — who is back in the headlines following the release of ex-wife Pamela Anderson’s new Netflix doc — certainly succeeded in causing a stir. “Tommy, I love you, but come on!” one railed, slamming the explicit image. “Damnit Tommy!!! Give a guy some warning.?” another peeved pundit proclaimed, perturbed by the brazen pic. Others, however, were thrilled by Lee’s lusty snap. One horny woman remarked: “All us ladies from the MTV 80s generation appreciate this tea bag picture right now! Tommy means no harm!” Lee appears to be making a habit of stripping off for social media. Last August, the father-of-two caused a commotion after sharing a nude snap with his 1.4 million Instagram followers, which was left up for five hours. The naughty musician has shown off his genitalia several times before, including in his 1995 sex tape with Anderson, 55, and in 2019, when he simply posted a video of his current wife Brittany Furlan, 36, holding it up. “These new Instagram filters are finally gettin wood … I mean GOOD!!!!!!  they finally gave me my own filter,” he jokingly captioned that clip at the time. Lee is back in the headlines following the release of “Pamela, A Love Story,” a Netflix doc about Anderson, which charts their turbulent love affair. Lee and Anderson eloped in 1995 only a few days after meeting. They welcomed two sons — Brandon in 1996 and Dylan in 1997 — before divorcing in 1998. In the doc, Anderson admits that Lee has been the love of her life and, at points, claims she wants to stay single if she can’t be with the father of her two boys. The rocker is now married to Furlan, who does not appear completely cool with the “Baywatch” bombshell’s confession. In a now-deleted TikTok clip, Furlan implies that Anderson wouldn’t mind if she were off the scene. “Oh, Oh, Oh,” Furlan was seen uttering nonchalantly in the clip, accompanied by the caption: “Pam if I died.”