The SAG Awards will be a “big deal” for Christina Applegate. The “Married . . . With Children” alum, 51, revealed that the upcoming Screen Actors Guild Awards this month will most likely be her final one as she deals with multiple sclerosis disease. “It’s my last awards show as an actor probably, so it’s kind of a big deal,” she told the Los Angeles Times in a new profile. The actress, who revealed her diagnosis in 2021, also hinted that she might not continue acting in the future. “Right now, I couldn’t imagine getting up at 5 a.m. and spending 12 to 14 hours on a set; I don’t have that in me at this moment,” she continued. The 2023 SAGs will be held on Feb. 26. Applegate was nominated for outstanding performance by a female actor in a comedy series for her role as Jen Harding in the Netflix comedy “Dead to Me.” Applegate won’t disappear from Hollywood entirely, though, noting she plans on “doing a s – – t ton of voiceovers to make some cash to make sure that my daughter’s fed and we’re homed.” “The Sweetest Thing” star was diagnosed with MS in 2021 and was filming the series’ third and final season when her health concern became public. She admitted how hard it was to film scenes while being sick and was “a wreck every day.” “But most of that wreck would take place in my trailer by myself,” she confessed. “But there were times I’d break down on set and be like, ‘I can’t, we have to take a break, I need a half-hour,’ and everyone was so loving that it was OK.” The season dropped on the streamer in November 2022, and she also revealed how hard it was to see herself on-screen. “I don’t like seeing myself struggling,” Applegate explained. “Also, I gained 40 pounds because of inactivity and medications, and I didn’t look like myself, and I didn’t feel like myself.” There would even be times when she would watch episodes alone and would need to pause in order to collect herself because she became too emotional. “At some point I was able to distance myself from my own ego, and realize what a beautiful piece of television it was,” she said. “All the scenes I wasn’t in were so much fun to see and experience for the very first time.” Applegate told Variety last year that “Dead to Me” could even be her last acting job as she undergoes treatment for the disease. “Jen Harding is the one, who — who knows, quite possibly the last one I’ll play,” she stated. “With my disease, I don’t know how capable I am. But this was a gift. This was a gift to me.” The Post reached out to Applegate’s reps for comment.