Giselle has the Magic City properly hot and bothered … and we ain’t talking about that gal with the umlaut who’s likely 1-800-GOT-JUNKing TB12’s wedding ring as we speak. Nope, this Giselle — flexing a bonus second L, mind you — is a just-opened Asian/Med/French fusion joint perched high atop the cool kids coop that is the E11even Miami “ultraclub” at 15 NE 11 St. Dripping with edgy-chic interior design by Cape Town-based Tristan Du Plessis, Giselle is a private elevator-accessed rooftop concept brought to you by the F&B&E hedoneers at the Restaurant People. At the helm, veteran hashslinger and executive chef Gustavo Zuluaga comes in hot with everything from truffle toast and flaming Maine lobsters to flambé roquefort tarts and wagyu tomahawks. But sit-down dining is really an afterthought for this seductively snazzy supperclub in the sky. Make an excuse to duck away from the table (septups range from an intimate two-seater all the way up to a King Arthur-sized 10) and into its 14-seat bar. What it abjectly lacks in creative nomenclature (it’s simply called Bar), it more than makes up for in Big Cocktail Energy: The headlining potable is Head Over Heels, a concoction of the in-house E11even-branded (and women-owned) vodka, sparkling raspberry rosé, lemongrass and a citrusy twist. The restaurant’s a veritable piñata of eye candy. Giselle’s lounge/terrace area announces itself with a giant neon sign reading aloud, “I’ll be here, if by chance, you’ll be here too,” while an animated digital art display behind Bar projects short films produced by Miami’s very own Frank Kelly. But Giselle’s pièce de résistance is its Dream Room, a high-design main dining room space ensconced in French lace, its walls and ceilings decked out in 3D wood-carved detailings. And at the heart of it you’ll find an open interactive kitchen for guests feeling experiential. In short, any ADHD-stricken patrons like this shall find a therapeutic friend in baroque Giselle. And when ghoulish hurricanes, extreme humidity, hell, even “unidentified high-altitude objects” inevitably come a-knocking, the indoor-outdoor restaurant has a fully retractable roof to save the day. For reservations, visit GiselleMiami.com and follow on the socials @Giselle.Miami.