A 70-year-old Brazilian grandmother claims she’s been mistaken for her daughter, who is more than two decades younger. Sandra Maria Cardoso told Jam Press that at one point, strangers believed the pair to be sisters. “I have a young mind, and therefore I like to be in good shape with my body,” said the gran, who hails from Rio de Janeiro. Her daughter, Soraia Cardoso, is 49, but onlookers are often fooled. Sandra’s youthful glow isn’t just from hitting the genetic jackpot — she takes extra care of herself to ensure she maintains her looks. “I’ve always gone to the gym and taken supplements like vitamin D, omega 3 and vitamin C. I go to the gym Monday-Friday to do weight training, stretching and aerobics,” she revealed. “I’ve been taking care of my body’s skin with good hydrating creams, and I also do lymphatic drainage and modeling massage.” But her true secret to immortal beauty is to “have an open mind” and practice self-love — and something’s working. The fit grandma declared she receives attention even from young men. Soraia has adopted a similar mindset — and regimen — saying she’s been taking care of her skin, especially her face, since she was 40. But she’s also had some professional help via Botox, laser treatments and high-quality creams. “The secret is to be balanced with the mind, spirit and body,” she added. “I try to take care of myself to grow old beautiful and healthy.” After watching her mom meticulously care for her looks, Soraia was inspired to do the same as she aged. The pair’s painstaking beauty maintenance has also led them to embrace a procedure to remove cellulite. “I was embarrassed when I put on a bikini. When going to the beach, I would ask someone to go to the sea to fill a bucket of water for me to cool off alone in the sand,” Soraia recalled. “I didn’t wear certain clothes because they marked me. My self-esteem was down. I always felt uncomfortable when I looked in the mirror,” she added, admitting that while her husband said it was “fine,” she still felt “ashamed.” Called GoldIncision, the two tried the treatment that is said to eliminate skin depressions by stimulating collagen — and they are “delighted” with the results. While they’re no strangers to cosmetic procedures, as both have undergone liposuction and received Botox injections, now the mother-daughter duo frequent the beach in their bikinis without thinking twice. “I think we must take care of our mental, physical, and aesthetic health because life flows lighter and more balanced,” Soraia insisted. “A person with low self-esteem misses out on the opportunity for a full life.” Other beauty enthusiasts swear by similar methods. Kim Kardashian, for example, admitted to lasering her tummy tighter, while Kelly Ripa embraced wrinkle-smoothing injections.