Have you ever seen “Have You Ever Seen The Rain” live? In 2023, you can. Creedence Clearwater Revival frontman John Fogerty is heading out on the road for a six-show run from April 27 through June 30. That includes a huge concert at New York City’s Radio City Music Hall on April 28. The 77-year-old will also headline Redondo Beach, CA’s BeachLife Festival from May 5-7 alongside The Black Keys, Gwen Stefani, Pixies, Modest Mouse and Sublime with Rome amongst many others. Not bad for a rock star who performed at Woodstock. So, if you want to see the Rock and Roll Hall of Famer play all of his hits like “Fortunate Son,” “Proud Mary,” “Center Field,” “Bad Moon Rising,” “Green River” and many more live this year, here’s everything you need to know.  A complete calendar including all John Fogerty tour dates, venues and links to buy tickets can be found below.  Just this year, Fogerty released a jazzy live version of “Joy Of My Life.” The love song, which originally appeared on Fogerty’s 1997 solo album “Blue Moon Swamp” shows that Fogerty still has his signature pipes intact. Plus, the extended sax solos don’t hurt either. You can hear the 6.5-minute track — that also happens to be an ode to his wife, Julie — here.  Based on what Fogerty played live at his 2022 Las Vegas residency at Encore Theater, Creedence Clearwater Revival fans needn’t worry about whether or not he’ll play the hits you know and love. Here’s a sneak peek at what fans can expect courtesy of Set List FM. 01.) “Up Around the Bend” (Creedence Clearwater Revival song)02.) “Green River” (Creedence Clearwater Revival song)03.) “Born on the Bayou” (Creedence Clearwater Revival song)04.) “Rock and Roll Girls”05.) “Who’ll Stop the Rain” (Creedence Clearwater Revival song)06.) “Lookin’ Out My Back Door” (Creedence Clearwater Revival song)07.) “Joy of My Life”08.) “I’m Working on a Building” (traditional cover)09.) “Midnight Special” (traditional cover)10.) “Keep On Chooglin'” (Creedence Clearwater Revival song)11.) “Have You Ever Seen the Rain?”(Creedence Clearwater Revival song)12.) “The Star-Spangled Banner”13.) “Do You Love Me?” (The Contours cover)14.) “Hey Tonight” (Creedence Clearwater Revival song)15.) “Centerfield”16.) “Down on the Corner” (Creedence Clearwater Revival song)17.) “The Old Man Down the Road” 18.) “Fortunate Son” (Creedence Clearwater Revival song)Encore 19.) “Bad Moon Rising” (Creedence Clearwater Revival song)20.) “Proud Mary” (Creedence Clearwater Revival song)  Many of the biggest stars who have been playing live since Woodstock are still treklking all over North America more than 50 years after the historic four-day musical extravaganza. Here are just five of our favorite classic rockers who have been active since the LBJ Administration that you won’t want to miss when they come to a venue near you this year. • Ringo Starr • Robert Plant with Alison Krauss • Dead and Company featuring John Mayer • Three Dog Night • Lynyrd Skynyrd with ZZ Top Not enough? Check out our list of the 22 biggest classic rockers on tour in 2023 here.