For the first time ever, a member of BTS is launching a tour without the rest of the group. Suga, 29, just announced his international solo tour that will send him to arenas all over the U.S. from April through May, followed by dates in Indonesia, Thailand, Singapore, Korea and Japan. The 11-concert North American leg of the tour will kick off in the Northeast when Suga plays back-to-back shows at Elmont, NY’s UBS Arena on April 26 and April 27. On April 29, the South Korean icon lands in the Garden State for a huge show at Newark’s Prudential Center. While there’s no word on whether or not Suga will play original songs he’s recorded as Agust D or BTS tracks, we do know the best way to find out is live. And if you’re a member of the BTS Army that needs tickets today, we’ve got you covered. Although inventory isn’t available on Ticketmaster until the Verified Fan pre-sale on Thursday, March 2, fans who want to ensure they have tickets ahead of time can purchase on sites like Vivid Seats before they’re officially on sale. Vivid Seats is a secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand. They have a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and will be delivered before the event.  A complete calendar including all of Suga’s U.S. tour dates, venues and links to buy tickets can be found below.  Although Suga has stayed busy over the past few years with BTS, he still found time to release two solo records under the stage name Agust D. His debut mixtape, simply titled “Agust D,” hit shelves in 2016 and is a bit of a departure from BTS’ smooth, poppy sound. Over eight tracks, Suga asserts himself as a legitimate rapper with urgent, nonstop rhymes over heavy, hook-y beats. The lead track “Give It To Me” is a true standout and “724148” grows on you with each listen. Four years later, Suga (well, Agust D) dropped “D-2.” Here, he reverts to a slicker sound that’s more in step with BTS’ aesthetic. However, the lead single “Daechwita,” is anthemic trap at its best. Speedy and unrelenting, it may serve as a preview for what to expect at Suga’s live shows. You can hear both Agust D records here.  Suga may be the only Bangtan Boy on tour this year but that doesn’t mean J-Hope, Jung Kook, V, Jimin, Jin and RM aren’t staying active. J-Hope has already released two albums — 2018’s “Hope World” and 2022’s “Jack In The Box.” RM is in the same boat. In 2018, his debut “Mono” dropped; last year, he put out “Indigo” which features Anderson .Paak. Last October, Jin shared his first single “The Astronaut.” Jimin is currently developing his first album which we should see in March; Jung Kook recently performed at the 2022 FIFA World Cup Opening Ceremony. V has also done a bit on his own as well; he allegedly released a single titled “Scenery” in 2019. Putting a damper on things is the mandatory 18-month military service required for all able-bodied men in South Korea. Jin was the first to enlist; you can read his story here.  No K-Pop act demands attention quite like BTS but there are quite a few stars who are getting close. Here are just five who happen to be touring the U.S. in 2023. • Tomorrow X Together (also known as TXT) • Stray Kids • Epik High • Dreamcatcher • Jackson Wang (Hong Kong rapper) Want to see what else is out there? Check out our list of the 52 biggest concert tours in 2023 here.