Swifties, we are officially T-minus one month away from Taylor’s “Eras Tour” era. And if you haven’t scooped up tickets yet because the Ticketmaster debacle scared you off, we’re here to welcome you back into the fold and help you wade through the rubble. While prices are still fairly expensive — the cheapest seats we could find were $289 before fees on Vivid Seats — we wanted to let you know that there are ways to see Swift this year and save a bit of cash. If you don’t believe us, check out the lowest prices available for Swift’s three back-to-back-to-back nights at Tampa’s Raymond James Stadium from April 13-15: One night starts at $389 before fees, the next is $323 before fees and the final show has tickets prices beginning at $485 before fees. Think of it this way- by going to the cheaper show, it’s almost like the merch you were planning on buying is free. So, if you want to be the savviest Swiftie on the block, here’s everything you need to know about how to become a “Mastermind” when it comes to the upcoming “Eras Tour.” All prices were found at the time of publication and are subject to fluctuation.  A complete calendar including all upcoming 52 tour dates, venues and the cheapest upper deck and floor seats can be found below. (Note: The New York Post confirmed all above prices at the publication time. All prices are subject to fluctuation and include additional fees at checkout.) Vivid Seats is a verified secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand. They offer a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and your tickets will be delivered prior to the event.  On select dates, Swift will be bringing along a crew of impressive special guests. Below, you’ll find each of the nine acts (!) as well as their most streamed song on Spotify: Paramore: “Misery Business” Phoebe Bridgers: “Motion Sickness” HAIM: “The Wire” girl in red: “we fell in love in october” beabadobee: “death bed (coffee for your head)” MUNA: “Silk Chiffon” Gracie Abrams: “i miss you, i’m sorry” Owenn: “Baby Girl” GAYLE: “abcdefu”  Swift’s tenth album, “Midnights,” was released on Oct. 21, 2022 and was instantly hailed as an instant classic, nabbing a five-star review from Rolling Stone in the process. Over the course of 13 tracks, Swift lets listeners into her sleepless nights with achingly personal lyrics like the now iconic “Sometimes I feel like everybody is a sexy baby / And I’m a monster on the hill” in the lead single “Anti-Hero.” Her raw yet coy lyrics over catchy instrumentals and synths didn’t just hit with critics either. Fans embraced “Midnights” right away and it quickly became Spotify’s most streamed album in a single day. Soon after, she became the first artist to take all ten of the top spots on the Billboard Hot 100 chart. That’s not to mention her record-shattering vinyl sales. For a closer look at all of “Midnights'” impressive achievements, check out Entertainment Weekly’s comprehensive list. You can listen “Midnights” in its entirety here.  Swift, 33, has nabbed 12 Grammy Awards over the course of her decorated career. This year, she was awarded Best Music Video for “All Too Well,” which she also directed making her the first artist in history to also have a sole directing credit on their Best Music Video. Expect a slew of nominations next year too; “Midnights'” missed the cutoff date for eligibility this year. In the meantime, you can see “All Too Well” — which may or may not be about her ex-boyfriend Jake Gyllenhaal — starring Sadie Sink (“Stranger Things”) and Dylan O’Brien (“The Maze Runner”) below. For those wondering, Swift has been dating actor Joe Alwyn (“The Favourite,” “Catherine Called Birdy”) since 2016.  We alluded to the mess that was Taylor Swift’s Ticketmaster on sale in early November 2022. It all began when 3.5 million fans signed up for the Verified Fan presale which overwhelmed the ticketing giant. Things only got worse from there. Just one day before the release of tickets to the general public, Ticketmaster prematurely cancelled sales due to “extraordinarily high demands on ticketing systems and insufficient remaining ticket inventory to meet that demand.” Soon after, lawsuits were filed by Swift fans alleging fraud and antitrust violations. In the months since, the company has been met with a wave of backlash which ultimately led to a Washington, D.C. trial where the Senate Judiciary questioned the company as well their partner Live Nation on their operations, competition, and contracts. However, after all was said and done, Live Nation who merged with Ticketmaster in 2010, came out unscathed as of now. The federal appeals court “ruled that the case belongs in arbitration rather than court,” according to the Hollywood Reporter. While this story is far from over, it appears as if the “Anti-Hero” has an upper leg for now.  This is the year of the mega, headline-grabbing, A-List tour. Here are the five biggest treks you won’t want to miss these next few months before they’re gone. • Beyoncé • Adele • Bruce Springsteen and the E Street Band • Billy Joel with Stevie Nicks • Madonna Want to see who else might be coming to a city near you? Check out our list of the 52 biggest concert tours in 2023 here.