New York Post readers can take advantage of an incredible new customer offer with the Caesars Sportsbook promo code NPBONUSFULL. New users can use the promo code to make an initial wager up to $1,250 on Caesars, and if the bet loses, that same amount is returned back as bet credits. So if you sign up and place a first bet for $170 that loses — you still get back $170 in bet credits, and so on up to $1,250. Click the button below to learn more about Caesars’ offer so you can have it ready for the No. 5 Kansas Jayhawks hosting the No. 9 Baylor Bears on Saturday in Lawrence. This offer is applicable to any sport on Caesars. New Caesars bettors can enter promo code NPBONUSFULL to grab up to $1,250 in bet credits. All it takes is a first bet of at least $10, and there’s no need to worry about losing your money because the amount wagered on losing bets is returned back in bet credits. If you win, you receive your winnings just like normal. The promo code NPBONUSFULL also allows users to get 1,000 Tier credits and 1,000 Reward credits just for signing up. The best college basketball game of the weekend comes from the best college basketball conference in the country when No. 9 Baylor visits No. 5 Kansas. Caesars Sportsbook expects a close game between the two most recent March Madness champions and favors the Jayhawks by five points on their home court. I think Kansas is the play here because of home court advantage and the fact that it will want revenge after the Bears won in Waco in January. The Jayhawks have plenty of scorers to go to as well, led by Jalen Wilson (20.3 PPG) and Gradey Dick (14.7 PPG). Baylor obviously has tons of talent, too, with Keyonte George, Adam Flagler, and LJ Cryer, so this will be a huge test for the Jayhawks. As good as Baylor is, I still expect Kansas to make enough plays to win and cover in Allen Fieldhouse. Get in on the action of Baylor vs. Kansas with promo code NPBONUSFULL on Caesars. 21+. Available in AZ, CO, IA, IL, IN, KS, LA, MI, NJ, NY, TN, VA, WV only. Full T&C apply. Who doesn’t like a little extra bang for their buck? Caesars Profit Boosts increase the net winnings of your bet by a given percentage and can be applied to all sorts of bets. Profit Boosts can be used on straight bets (money line, spread, total) and parlays, but there are also boowtw that are exclusively for straight bets only, parlays only, or even parlays with a set number of legs. Profit Boosts can be applied to a variety of sports and bet types, but only those available will appear in your bet slip. Make sure to look for any profit boosts in your ‘Bonus Drawer’ on Caesars Sportsbook.