We have much to thank trusty crossbody bags for: they’re easy to walk around with, allow for hands-free shopping and are undeniably stylish. There’s one for every type of user, too. Much like clutch bags, some are designer, while others uphold that signature leather-embossed silhouette we can’t stop glossing over. When shopping online, you’ll find crossbody bags aplenty from top brands like Marc Jacobs, COACH, lululemon and more. Because we consistently double-tap every must-have crossbody bag on social media, we decided to curate an edit on the 25 best crossbody bags for women in 2023. Whether you’re looking for your next fashion buy apt for on-the-go use (read: best travel purses) or simply want an across-the-body upgrade, rest assured that the New York Post Shopping team has you hands-free and stylin’. For an affordable crossbody, look no further than the Triple Zip Small Crossbody Bag. It comes in a rainbow of colors (including pastels) and, for just $20, will become your trusty across-body number. Not to mention, we love its leather make and zipper pockets. We call this the crossbody-belt bag hybrid. Not only does it have a comfortable shoulder strap but it also boasts a front zipper pouch that makes it as convenient as ever to locate easy-grab items, like your keys or some mints. For less than $25, it’s a steal. Did someone say festival season? The adidas Originals Festival Crossbody Bag is nearly 25% off right now, is the perfect everyday essential (with a sporty twist) and isn’t too large, yet still is quite spacious. Turn heads with Marc Jacobs’ The Leather Micro Tote Bag. Though a splurge, it comes in a catalog of must-have neutrals, is ultra versatile (use it as a crossbody or a handheld tote) and has the most sought-after leather we’ve ever seen. In short, grab the bag. This edit wouldn’t be complete without a mention of COACH. Its designer-labeled crossbodies are some of our favorite, like the Tabby Shoulder Bag — which is also a best-seller. You can’t say no to this micro-tote with buckled straps and durable gold hardware. New from lululemon, the Clean Lines Crossbody Bag features water-repellent fabric that makes it perfect for ‘on the move,’ as per the brand’s design notes. You’ll also enjoy its removable and adjustable shoulder strap, along with back drop-in pocket and wealth of interior pockets. Meet the crossbody bag the New York Post Shopping team has been using for years (literally, since high school). There is no other like the Rebecca Minkoff Mini M.A.C. It looks like it’s upwards of $1,000, has durable chain details and comes in a slew of colors to match your look. We were gifted the Kate Spade New York Perry Leather Crossbody from a loved one and can’t get over how dainty and primmed to perfection it is. With wider straps and an envelope-style, you’ll love how it’ll match virtually any outfit. Not to mention, we have the designer’s matching Knott Small Compact Wallet ($158) that makes it an unmatched duo. One of the most popularly searched for crossbody bag brands is Michael Kors — and we know why. Its Jet Set Crossbody Bag is fairly priced, considering its designer charm, and is neutral enough to go from day to night. For less than $75 right now, add it to your cart. We’re all heart eyes for the Tory Burch Small Kira Chevron Camera Bag. Yes, it’s named a camera bag — so it may be able to fit your trusty photography essential, depending on the model — but it’s slightly curved shape with that lovely quilted exterior is making us add it to our wishlist. Everyone loves a Burberry anything these days, whether it’s a designer clutch or a sworn-in trench coat. Now, its Vintage Check & Leather Note Bag is the star of the show, will last for years and has that signature logo embossed on its crossbody straps. As seen on many people’s wishlists, the Saint Laurent Envelope Quilted Leather Chain Wallet is a splurge (and a half), but well-worth it for you’re looking for something timeless. Its gold hardware is one thing (and a beautiful thing), but its versatility is another. For a sportier rendition to the classic crossbody, the Nike Sportswear Essentials Crossbody Bag is an affordable, practical option. Take it with you to the court (in white sneakers, of course) or to the mall. Either way, you’re packed and comfortable. With a sky blue hue that’s as dreamy as can be, the GUESS Retour Mini Top Handle Crossbody is one of our favorites on this list. Namely, this crocodile-embossed mini bag has a comfortable strap, a chunky gold chain and a fold-over flap closure that we truly are obsessed with. Plus, it comes in other dreamy colors. Prada has a classic Leather Mini Shoulder Bag that, for the price, is the only mod neutral design you’ll ever need. With its signature logo on the straps, you’ll never feel a leather quite this smooth and elegant. Add some gold metallics to your bag collection with the Behno Ina Mini Metallic Crossbody. With a scrunched-up look and trendy knot detail on the handle strap, it’ll easily garner tons of compliments — regardless of where you’re off to. Even if you’re not embarking on your 9-to-5 commute, the Lulus Real Stunner Tweed Crossbody Bag is that perfectly polished (and perfectly pink) crossbody that’s a steal for less than $60. Wear it on vacation or your next bottomless brunch and your head-to-toe look will be *chef’s kiss*. What we love most about the Steve Madden BMAXIMA Crossbody Bag isn’t just its rock-studded charm. Uniquely, it comes with a mini pouch that attaches onto the crossbody strap for easy-access items like keys, credit cards and the like. Plus, it’s just shy of $100. Speaking of studs, the Valentino Garavani Rockstud Leather Crossbody Bag is a stud in and of itself, thanks to its designer-fledging style, fold-over flap with a turn-lock clasp and convenient interior slip pocket. It also comes in another neutral shade. For something chic and minimalistic, you can’t go wrong with the Calvin Klein All Day Crossbody Bag. Its backpack-like charm is one to add to your wishlist, especially for its capacity to carry more than the average crossbody. For $70, grab it while you still can. One bag that caught our eye (without a shadow of the doubt): the See by Chloe Joan Mini Crossbody. If you’re a lover of the ivory-inspired neutral, you’ll adore everything about this chic accessory, from its oversized gold detailing to pouch-like style. This Anthropologie bag is red-hot, and we can’t stop staring at it. Not only does it make the perfect less-than-$50 gift, but its adorable knot detailing — and chunky gold crossbody chain — make it a top choice of ours. Looking for some soft leather with a vintage, burnt orange charm? This pick from & Other Stories features a matte finish, semi-rigid feel and adjustable shoulder strap. And, that’s not all — it also carries with it a concealed magnetic closure and contrasting stitching. Lover of florals? No problem, especially not with the Multi Sac Crossbody Bag at JCPenney. For less than $30, it’s giving us all the outdoorsy vibes we can muster (plus, has a convenient exterior zipper pouch for easy access. Aerie calls it the Makin’ Moves Crossbody Bag, but we think it leans into more of the belt bag territory. If you’re looking for something that’ll really free up your hands when you’re shopping or out and about, this miniature option will still carry everything you’ll need (and comes in attractive colorways). Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.