Lying Rep. George Santos has co-sponsored legislation introduced in the House last week that would name the AR-15 the “National Gun of the United States.” The bill, put forward in the House last Friday by Rep. Barry Moore (R-Ala.), more specifically seeks to declare that an “AR-15 style rifle chambered in a .223 Remington round or a 5.56x45mm NATO round [would be] the National Gun of the United States,” according to a summary of the legislation. The full text of the bill has not been released. Santos, who has been under fire since admitting to The Post in December that he fabricated large parts of his resume, including his work experience, education, family history, and his religious background, has backed an eclectic mix of legislation since taking office in January. New York’s 3rd Congressional District representative has co-sponsored 26 pieces of legislation, ranging from a bill seeking to ban universities from using TikTok to legislation that would repeal the Inflation Reduction Act. He also supports a bill that seeks to impeach Homeland Security Secretary Alejandro Mayorkas and one that would require the Treasury Department to mint coins in commemoration of working dogs. Santos is facing a House Ethics Committee probe over lies told on the campaign trail and is under criminal investigation at the federal, state, and county level, reportedly over possible campaign finance violations. Earlier this month, Santos, 34, showed off his support for gun rights by sporting an AR-15–shaped lapel pin on the House floor, outraging several Democrats. The politically-charged fashion accessory was given to Santos by Rep. Andrew Clyde (R-Ala.), a gun store owner, who is also a co-sponsor on the “National Gun” bill, along with gun-toting Rep. Lauren Boebert (R-Colo.). President Biden and several Democratic lawmakers have called for the reimplementation of a national ban on assault weapons amid a spate of high-profile mass shootings carried out with AR-15 rifles, including the massacres at Robb Elementary School in Uvalde, Texas, and at the Tops Friendly Market in Buffalo, New York.