Former Indianapolis Colts offensive lineman Joe Staysniak was arrested Tuesday morning in Hendricks County, Ind. on multiple charges after a domestic incident involving his son, per law enforcement. Before midnight on Monday, law enforcement was called to the scene for a “delayed domestic” incident involving Staysniak’s son, Lucas Staysniak, and his boyfriend, per a probable cause affidavit. At 1:40 a.m., he was brought in to the Hendricks County Sheriff Department for battery, pointing a firearm, intimidation, strangulation, and domestic battery, according to the county’s jail records. Staysniak, 56, was a sports radio personality on WFNI’s “The Fan Morning Show” until 2021. His son, Lucas, told the sheriff department he was sitting in a parked vehicle on the property when his father tried to open the door. Eventually getting his way, his father began assaulting Lucas and the passenger, according to Lucas. “Lucas advised that his father opened the rear right passenger door and that when he did his he [sic] grabbed [passenger’s] hood and was choking him,” the affidavit read. “Lucas stated that his father then punched him, causing his lip to bleed and then punched [passenger]. Lucas stated that his father then displayed a firearm and told he and [passenger] that they’re lucky he saw who it was.” According to the affidavit, Staysniak told police that he engaged in an altercation with his son upon receiving “a call from a neighbor advising him there was a suspicious car in their front yard.” He also claimed his son “tried to attack him,” which caused him to “physically restrain” him. His wife then separated the two, according to Staysniak. The passenger told police that Staysniak pulled out a gun during the incident and had it “against the side of this face at one point.” Staysniak admitted to law enforcement that he did show a gun during the altercation but denied pointing it or touching anyone with it. Staysniak attended and played football for Ohio State before he was drafted by the San Diego Chargers in the seventh round of the 1990 NFL Draft. He never played for the Chargers but made his NFL debut for the Bills in 1991. He then spent a year with the Chiefs before playing three years for the Colts. He started in 33 of the 63 games he played and retired in 1996 after a year with the Arizona Cardinals.