OCD and radical beliefs. At first glance, climate champion Greta Thunberg would appear to have little in common with, say,  Islamic fundamentalism or radical trans-activism. But Thunberg suffers from Obsessive Compulsive Disorder (OCD), a condition that researchers increasingly say correlates with   passionate and extremist behaviors — the types that fuel her aggressive commitment to eco-activism. An estimated 3 million Americans now suffer from some form of compulsive behavior or obsessive thoughts. Sometimes these thoughts are radical in nature — like wanting to harm yourself or others. And, as we’ve seen countless times, they can even be radical enough that they escalate into acts of violence. When you hear the word ‘radicalization,’ what images spring to mind? Jihadists chanting “Death to America,” perhaps. Radicalization, however, is simply a process that involves an individual adopting an extreme position on a specific issue. This can take the form of religious radicalization and violent extremism, but there’s also environmental radicalization and no shortage of trans-radicals. A new theory put forward by psychologists Jais Adam Troian of the Canadian University of Dubai, and  Jocelyn J. Bélanger of New York University Abu Dhabi, links what they term “obsessive passion” (a key predictor of radicalism) to a much larger body of behavioral research. Obsessive Passion (OP) is when a commitment to a goal turns pathological. One can become obsessed with just about anything: food, pornography, activism, another individual, or, in extreme cases, acts of violence. And OCD, it seems, is the spark that lights the radical fire. The researchers found that, even after controlling for certain clinical confounds — like adverse childhood experiences, anxiety, depression, and substance abuse — the effects of OCD on OP and radical intentions remained robust. Across ideological samples — including environmental activists, Republicans, Democrats and Muslims — the researchers found “direct effects between OCD symptoms and radical intentions.” Let’s go back to Ms. Thunberg for a moment.  According to a 2021 report published by Vanderbilt University, the Swedish activist’s underlying OCD “likely contributes to her intense and unrelenting focus on speaking truth to power in urging action on climate change.” In other words, her extreme passion for environmental activism is driven, at least somewhat,  by her OCD. Interestingly, Thunberg also suffers from an extreme form of “eco-anxiety,” a new concept that involves a largely irrational fear of environmental doom. Unsurprisingly, OCD and anxiety often go hand-in-hand. Without doubt, the vast majority of people with OCD are attentive, diligent, and empathetic. But research increasingly concludes that OCD can serve as a predisposition to the adoption of radical beliefs. And because OCD symptoms include cognitive inflexibility, once a person has been radicalized — the beliefs embedded into their identity — it is very difficult to undo the damage. For concerned parents and educators, it’s important to note that preteens who spend excessive amounts of time online are at heightened risk of developing OCD. Extended screen time is associated with compulsivity and loss of behavioral control. It’s also associated with a greater risk of exposure to hateful, dangerous content. This can be hate for an opposing political party, a different religion, or those on the opposite side of, say, climate change or trans-related discussions. So what can be done? Vigilance is key. By the age of seven, the majority of our behaviors, beliefs,  habits and values are formed, according to Dr. Juli Fraga. Limiting screen time, cultivating a wide circle of friends and encouraging a healthy, active lifestyle can go a long way to protecting children from online dangers. Prof. Belanger says that community-based programs play a crucial role in preventing radicalization, by “providing opportunities for education, employment, sports, and community engagement.” They can promote social cohesion, something sorely lacking in modern day America. Belanger referenced Montreal’s Center for the Prevention of Radicalization, the first independent non-profit organization aimed at preventing extreme radicalization, as an example of such a resource. The center teaches Montrealers how to identify and assist those who’ve fallen prey to radical beliefs. Training comes in the form of public awareness workshops and seminars. If parents fear their child is at risk of radicalization, the most important thing, according to Belanger, is to maintain an open channel of communication. Adopt a compassionate position, not an adversarial one. Do not, under any circumstances, confront a child head on, as this could see them double down in their views, and seek out the company of other like-minded individuals. Finally, we, as a society, must reframe radicalization. It’s not just a national security concern, but a public-health issue. As children’s lives become even more intertwined with technology, rates of OCD — and its accompanying risk of radicalism — are likely to increase. Now is the time for the U.S. to take a leaf out of Montreal’s book and equip parents, educators, and social workers with the proper skills to proactively identify victims and treat them accordingly. Radical problems require radical solutions. @ghlionn