The US Department of Energy has concluded that COVID-19 probably originated from a lab accident in Wuhan (“It had to be Wu,” Feb. 27). The FBI came to a similar conclusion over a year ago. This is ironic since for more than two years, Dr. Anthony Fauci, along with the rest of the medical establishment and the media, canceled and vilified any scientist who raised questions about a possible lab leak. The lab-leak theory is reasonable, given the gain-of-function research conducted at that lab. Moreover, during the SARS-1 and MERS pandemics, intermediary animal host species were found in less than a year. The COVID pandemic is three years old, and no intermediary species has been discovered. Finally, three researchers at that lab were hospitalized with COVID-like symptoms in November 2019. This pandemic has cost more than 1 million American lives, and millions more around the world. A 9/11-style commission should be convened to determine the origins of COVID. Kenneth Fitzgerald Hicksville Now that there’s strong evidence that the virus leaked from a Chinese lab, let’s see how President Biden and his administration handle this. China should be held accountable. So many people lost their lives; so many people were hospitalized. People lost their jobs. People lost their businesses. Let’s not forget the financial burden put on everyone who was affected by the virus. Those who are still being affected by this virus should be compensated. If former President Donald Trump was still in office, I guarantee he would hold China accountable for this terrible tragedy that afflicted the US and the rest of the world. Bill McCreary Levittown Reading your headline that COVID leaked from a Chinese lab, I thought I was reading an issue of The Post from years ago, when Trump and others stated the very same thing. Oh, that’s right, I remember now: They were censored, insulted and defamed. I am glad that the truth is finally out. Sallyanne Ferrero Naples, Fla. What we all were told was disinformation two years ago is now evident. The US Department of Energy has concluded that the COVID pandemic likely arose from a lab leak, killing more than a million people in the United States. Was this accidental? Was this done on purpose? Michael A. Franza, Sr. Hewlett Thanks for your front- page headline. What keeps me up at night is the coming of the next pandemic, which is bound to happen through more gain-of-function research escaping from a lab. The bubonic plague killed 75-200 million people from 1347-1351. COVID numbers pale against those statistics. Martin Garfinkle Staten Island So, it turns out that COVID-19 did likely come from a Wuhan lab leak after all — an admission that’s somewhat belated after all the people who have suggested it for the past two years were mercilessly demonized by the mainstream media as fascists, racists, Trumpists, conspiracy theorists, fearmongers, anti-vaxxers and denialists of every stripe. It’d be nice to imagine that the public might now get an apology for these insults, but I’m not holding my breath. Robert Frazer Lancashire, UK Now the truth finally comes out. The Energy Department said that COVID likely emerged from the virology lab in Wuhan. The government and the media were quick on the draw, calling anyone racists if they said that COVID came from a lab leak. Now it seems it was an accident that started this virus, from which millions died. There are people today who are still being infected by this virus. The Chinese government is not truthful about anything — from coronavirus to the balloons they send up. It’s time the people know the truth, and the truth now has come out. Rob Johann Queens Want to weigh in on today’s stories? Send your thoughts (along with your full name and city of residence) to letters@nypost.com. Letters are subject to editing for clarity, length, accuracy and style.