Paulina Gretzky is ready to soak up the sun. Taking to her Instagram Stories on Tuesday, the wife of golfer Dustin Johnson posted a bikini selfie from her luxurious hotel room ahead of LIV Golf’s season opener in Mexico this coming weekend. The 34-year-old Gretzky then shared a separate snap of herself lounging by the pool with the caption, “It’s tan o’clock.” Johnson, 38, is gearing up for his second year with LIV Golf after he resigned from the PGA Tour last summer. The former Masters champion is said to have received “around” $125 million to make the leap to the Saudi-backed league, a decision Gretzky recently discussed on the Netflix docuseries “Full Swing.” “I don’t think Dustin would ever make bad choice for his children and people have to understand at the end of the day, that’s who he chose this for,” said Gretzky, who shares son Tatum, 8, and River, 5, with Johnson. “Of course, I get what everyone’s saying, but my dad being a hockey player — I’m sure as a kid, there were times when I’m like like, ‘Why does my dad [hockey legend Wayne Gretzky] have to play on my birthday?’ This is about Dustin and the kids and me and taking care of us and being there with us.” Johnson, who is the captain of the 4Aces GC squad which consists of Patrick Reed, Pat Perez and newcomer Peter Uihlein, earned over $35 million in winnings in LIV Golf’s inaugural season. In addition to adjusting to a new teammate, Johnson is also moving ahead without one of his longtime sponsors. On Tuesday, Adidas confirmed the company and Johnson had “mutually agreed to part ways” after 15 years. “We’ve had a front-row seat to see him win multiple major championships, ascend to the No. 1 ranking and cement himself as one of the best golfers in history — all while wearing the 3-Stripes. We wish Dustin nothing but success moving forward,” Jeff Lienhart, the president of Adidas Golf, said in a statement to ESPN. The first event of LIV Golf’s 2023 season gets underway on Friday, Feb. 24, in Mayakoba, Mexico.