New York Post readers can jump on a sweet new customer offer with the Caesars Sportsbook promo code NPBONUSFULL. New customers can use the promo code to place a first bet up to $1,250 on Caesars, and if it loses, that same amount is returned back as bet credits. For example, if you sign up and make an initial wager for $250 that loses — you would still get back $250 in bet credits, and so on up to $1,250. Click the button below to find out more about Caesars’ offer ahead of Sunday’s slate of NBA games. The new customer offer works for any sport on Caesars if you want to bet on something else. The promo code NPBONUSFULL lets new bettors on Caesars get up to $1,250 in bet credits. It just requires a first bet of at least $10, and there’s no need to worry about losing money because the amount wagered on losing bets gets returned back in bet credits. If you win, you receive your winnings just like normal. The promo code NPBONUSFULL also allows users to get 1,000 Tier credits and 1,000 Reward credits just for signing up. A week after the uncompetitive NBA All-Star game, this Sunday gives us nine games across the league. The schedule starts out with a 2021 NBA Finals rematch with the Milwaukee Bucks hosting the Phoenix Suns. Unfortunately, it won’t be Kevin Durant’s Suns debut since he is scheduled to return from injury on Wednesday in Charlotte. From there, the Hawks host the Nets and the Bulls host the Wizards, then LeBron James and the Lakers take on Luka Doncic and the Mavericks in Dallas. Later on, the Raptors play at the Cavaliers, the Thunder host the Kings, and the Warriors play the Timberwolves in San Francisco. Sunday’s slate wraps up out west with the Rockets playing the Trail Blazers in Portland and the Denver Nuggets hosting the Los Angeles Clippers. For a risk-free first bet up to $1,250 on any of these games, use Caesars promo code NPBONUSFULL. 21+. Available in AZ, CO, IA, IL, IN, KS, LA, MI, NJ, NY, TN, VA, WV only. Full T&C apply. Who doesn’t like a little extra bang for their buck? Caesars Profit Boosts increase the net winnings of your bet by a given percentage and can be applied to all sorts of bets. Profit Boosts can be used on straight bets (money line, spread, total) and parlays, but there are also boosts that are exclusively for straight bets only, parlays only, or even parlays with a set number of legs. Profit Boosts can be applied to a variety of sports and bet types, but only those available will appear in your bet slip. Make sure to look for any profit boosts in your ‘Bonus Drawer’ on Caesars Sportsbook.