A couple of Jets rookies are pulling out all the stops to keep their team on Aaron Rodgers’ mind. Since the conclusion of the Packers’ disappointing 8-9 season, the possibility of Green Bay trading Rodgers has been a hot of topic of conversation. On Thursday, Jets wide receiver Garrett Wilson, who was picked 10th overall in the 2022 draft, posted a now-expired Instagram story of a cartoon of Rodgers depicted on top of an arcade game. Wilson wrote, “Issa sign.” Fellow Jets rookie Sauce Gardner took to Twitter on Friday to poke at his possible new quarterback saying, “Aye, @AaronRodgers12? Nvm, I forgot what I was about to say,” followed by a nervous smiling emoji. The cornerback, who was drafted fourth overall in 2022, later deleted the tweet. Fellow Jets rookie Sauce Gardner took to Twitter Friday to poke at his possible new quarterback saying, “Aye, @AaronRodgers12? Nvm, I forgot what I was about to say,” followed by a nervous smiling emoji. The cornerback, who was drafted fourth overall in 2022, later deleted the tweet. Gardner later indicated he wasn’t being serious, tweeting, “I was trollin y’all. Relax [laughing emoji].” Both rookies have received awards following the season — Gardner earned Pro Bowl and First-Team All Pro nods, and both were named to the 2022 NFL All-Rookie team. Rodgers, 39, has previously worked with Nathaniell Hackett, the Jets’ new offensive coordinator who held the same role with the Packers, and has recently praised his friend and former colleague. That only added to the trade rumors, pushing the rookies to add some fuel to the fire in the hopes of punching Rodgers’ ticket to New York. Under Hackett in 2020 and 2021, Rodgers won consecutive MVP awards. The two spent three years together before Hackett left to be the Broncos’ head coach. Hackett was fired by Denver in December before he could complete his first season. ESPN’s Adam Schefter has reported that Green Bay wishes to move on from the 10-time Pro Bowl quarterback, and Rodgers predicted in the next couple of weeks he will have a decision on his future — retirement or a return for a 19th season.