The public defender representing accused quadruple college killer Bryan Kohberger will earn $200 per hour for her standard work week, a new report shows. Latah County — where the Univeristy of Idaho murder trial will take place — will cut Anne Taylor, the Kootenai County chief public defender, a lofty $8,000 weekly paycheck, according to an agreement obtained by KREM 2. The county will cough up the pricey salary to Kootenai County, Taylor’s regular employer, the agreement made last week shows. It will also cover any overtime wages Taylor accumulates — also priced at $200 per hour — directly to her. Taylor was appointed to be Kohberger’s public defender in early January — shortly after he was extradited to Idaho from Pennsylvania over the murder of students Madison Mogen, Xana Kernodle, Ethan Chapin, and Kaylee Goncalves. The state-appointed Taylor to the sensational case because she is qualified to represent suspects in capital cases, especially because Kohberger’s trial has a high likelihood of becoming a death penalty case, the agreement shows. Tiny Latah County, with a population of just over 40,000, does not have a public defender with similar qualifications. Latah County will also pay Taylor’s second attorney $180 per hour and her investigators $45 per hour during the standard 40-hour work week. It has also agreed to reimburse the team for mileage, lodging and meal costs — Taylor would be making an 80-mile commute if she traveled from her Coeur d’Alene office. Taylor had previously defended the families of two of Kohberger’s alleged victims — and even stepped down as their lawyer in one instance to represent Kohberger. The chief public defender was working with Kernodle’s mother, Cara Northington, earlier this year regarding her own, unrelated, drug cases. Taylor withdrew her services the same day she was assigned by the state to represent Kernodle’s alleged killer. “I am heartbroken because I trusted her,” Northington said last month “I can’t even convey how betrayed I feel.” Taylor also represented both Madison Mogen’s father and stepmother. She served as Benjamin Mogen’s attorney in September 2020 when he faced two misdemeanor drug charges. Taylor then worked with Korie Hatrock, Mogen’s stepmother, in 2022 after she was charged with one misdemeanor drug count and two felony drug offenses.