It’s safe to say we celebrate our patriotism and gratitude while donning red white and blue. But, when shopping comes into the mix, how about hot-button deals on furniture, mattresses and wishlist items from your favorite brands? Of course, shopping and a national day off work isn’t the core of what Presidents Day represents, but it’s certainly a bonus. And here at New York Post Shopping, we cut out all the major deals for you — end dates, for convenience. All deals are *live* as you’re reading this (insert happy dance here). From Avocado Mattress and Beautyrest to Overstock and Shutterfly, we pulled together a master edit of the best Presidents Day deals of 2023 to add something productive and wallet-happy to your extended weekend. Looking for a brand-new outdoor patio furniture set for the warmer months? We have you covered. Or, how about a major new appliance, like a microwave or washer dryer combo? Rest assured you’ll find an epic deal. Click to jump to a specific section: Looking for an epic Presidents Day mattress deal this year? Enjoy 10% off sitewide at Avocado Green Mattress, America’s No. 1 best-rated certified organic mattress brand, made from 100% certified organic latex, 100% GOTS certified organic wool, 100% GOTS certified organic cotton and up to 1,414 pocketed support coils arranged in five zones. You’ll also enjoy 50% off the Fleece Collection and Organic Cotton Collection, along with 30% off the Alpaca Collection until Feb. 28. Shop all Avocado Green Mattress. We are smiling with glee that Casper is hosting a slew of sales, including 20% off its mattresses and 10% off its top-rated Element Pro (that we reviewed, still sleep on and adore). What’s more, snag 10% off everything else and 25% off adjustables until Feb. 28. Shop all Casper. Mattress sales, mattress sales and more mattress sales — Nest Bedding has some of the largest Presidents Day discounts with a whopping up-to-50%-off deal that’s available until Feb. 28. Not to mention, our team loves catching ZZZs on this one. Shop all Nest Bedding. If you’re looking to save big on mattresses, run to Saatva. The brand’s luxurious, like-a-cloud mattresses and bedding is up to $500 until Feb. 20. What’s more, softness is customizable and the brand has one of the most well-varied size options on the market (including split king). Not to mention, the Saatva Classic Innerspring Mattress is the brand’s most popular. Shop all Saatva. Tuft & Needle has quite the list of offers this Presidents Day that spans until Feb. 20. To catch those ZZZs peacefully (and affordably), don’t miss this brand’s bounty of promotions. Shop all Tuft & Needle. Until Feb. 27, enjoy 30% off all mattresses (that are just so plush, we can practically feel it from our screens). Not only that, but its bedding accessories are up to 70% off, making everything on this DTC site a steal. Shop all Nolah Mattress. Overstock is one of our favorite direct-to-consumer destinations for all things furniture, and this Presidents Day, things are looking up. Enjoy deep discounts on area rugs, cozy mattresses and other home finishings until Feb. 23. Oh, and not to mention, this rug has more than 5,000 rave reviews. Shop all Overstock. This just in — Wayfair is hosting a major Presidents Day sale, and we’re all about it. Until Feb. 22, enjoy up to 70% off sitewide. That’s right, it’s a patriotic soiree of deals. Shop all Wayfair. If you’re planning on jet-setting away, you won’t want to miss CALPAK’s Presidents Day Sale. With an array of travel and commuter-friendly items, you’ll enjoy an additional 30% off select sale items until Feb. 21. In short, now’s the time to buy your investment-worthy luggage. Shop all CALPAK. Looking for some home improvement Presidents Day sales? Head on over to Lowe’s where you’ll find a slew of deals offered online until Feb. 22. Top brands like DEWALT are especially worth grabbing stat. Shop all Lowe’s. One of our favorite home brands, Brooklinen, is blessing us with 15% off sitewide. Whether you’re all about the best-selling Luxe Core Sheet Set we reviewed or on the market for one of its flagship blankets we reviewed, you’re in for a treat until Feb. 23. Shop all Brooklinen. You’re in for a treat, because Cozy Earth (one of Oprah’s favorite brands, BTW) is offering up to 25% off sitewide off its luxurious bedding, apparel and more until Feb. 24. Not to mention, it’s quite the time to snag a pair of linen sheets for the warmer months ahead. Shop all Cozy Earth. If you’re a sucker for cute stationery (in other words, you have a collection of empty notebooks and journals waiting to be used, then Rifle Paper Co.’s Presidents Day sale is 100% for you. Until Feb. 21, enjoy an extra 30% off sale items, like this notebook set for just $10. Shop all Rifle Paper Co. Le Creuset, a.k.a. the powerhouse of kitchenware, is on sale for Presidents Day with a sweet 20%-off-dinnerware offer that runs until March 8. It’s surely time for the stock-up, especially because you’ll receive S&P Shakers for free with purchases of $250 or more. Shop all Le Creuset. Much like the traditional Always Pan we reviewed and still love, Our Place whipped up a brand-new Cast Iron version that’s 25% off for Presidents Day until Feb. 28. Available in an assortment of colors, it’s an 8-in-1 kitchen essential that doubles as a stovetop decor piece (trust us, it’s that beautiful). Shop all Our Place. One of your favorite meal kits (that you’ve likely heard buzzing all around social media) is a whopping 65% off sitewide for Presidents Day until Feb. 28. Dubbed “America’s most popular meal kit,” it’s one that’ll save you time in the kitchen (even though we love the Always Pan above), is customizable to your taste buds and will ship right to your door. Shop all HelloFresh. Really take time off your meal prep with Factor’s Prepared Food Delivery. Until Feb. 28, enjoy half-off your first box, plus an additional 20% off your next month’s delivery. Its healthy, fully prepared food options range from keto to protein plus, depending on your preference. Shop all Factor. Just for New York Post Shopping readers, enjoy even more coffee on top of Trade Coffee’s Presidents Day promotions. Be sure to use code NYPFREEBAG at checkout and enjoy trying new blends from around the world. Shop all Trade Coffee. For more sale content, check out the New York Post Shopping section.