The FBI has reportedly conducted searches at the University of Delaware on at least two occasions as part of the criminal investigation into President Biden’s apparent mishandling of classified documents. The searches were conducted in “recent weeks,” according to CNN, with the consent and cooperation of the 80-year-old president’s lawyers. Investigators searched two university locations on two different days and seized material that did not appear to have classified markings, according to the report. The materials are being reviewed by the FBI. The two batches of documents investigators focused on were an archive of materials from Biden’s time in the Senate and documents that the president sent to the university in recent years, according to CNN. The University of Delaware, the president’s alma mater, houses a vast collection of papers in its library from Biden’s 36 years serving in the Senate. The trove of documents was donated to the university by Biden in 2012 when he was vice president in the Obama administration. The 1,875 boxes of documents were delivered to the university on two trucks loaded with 33 pallets, according to news reports from the time. Also part of the gift to the university was 415 gigabytes of electronic records formerly belonging to Biden. The discovery of classified documents from Biden’s days as vice president in his office at the Penn Biden Center think tank in Washington, DC, and at his Wilmington, Del., residence have led some lawmakers to call for searches of the University of Delaware’s massive Biden archive. “The next step in this scandal is going to be, OK, if Biden’s Senate documents include classified documents outside of classified settings — which is illegal — how many more classified documents are illegally in his Senate papers?” Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Texas) said on his “Verdict” podcast on Jan. 23. “The University of Delaware has said, nope, they’re not releasing the documents to anybody until two years after Biden retires from public life,” he added. “I am right now calling for the Department of Justice, for the FBI to examine all 1,850 boxes of those Senate records to see how many additional classified documents are in those records,” Cruz continued. “The answer should be none. But given Biden’s pattern, we should have zero confidence that there are not multiple classified documents within those 1,850 boxes of Senate records.” The Post reported last month that emails from first son Hunter Biden’s infamous laptop show that one of his business partners in an alleged influence-peddling operation, former Rosemont Seneca Advisors President Eric Schwerin, helped coordinate the transfer of Joe Biden’s Senate papers to the University of Delaware The haul may have included “sensitive” and “classified” documents, communications between White House officials, Schwerin, and Hunter Biden revealed. The Post reached out to the FBI and the University of Delaware for comment. Both declined to comment on the matter.