Social media accounts are more valuable to cybercriminals than you might think. That’s why thieves are constantly finding new ways to steal credentials. That brings us to a recent Facebook phishing attack. If you fall for it, you’re handing over your account to criminals. Read on for ways to protect your account and personal information. Scammers go to extreme lengths to steal your Facebook username and password. With your credentials, they can send your contacts malicious messages that spread malware and even commit identity fraud. According to the Better Business Bureau (BBB), criminals pretending to be from Facebook is the latest scam making the rounds. Here’s how it works. You’ll receive an email claiming you violated a Facebook policy and your account is now disabled. The message goes on to state that if you feel the violation is a mistake, you must click a link that is included to file an appeal and request a review. It might also give you 24 hours to file the appeal, or your Facebook account will be deleted permanently. However, when you click on the link in the email, it takes you to a spoofed site resembling the Facebook page where you would appeal a policy violation. BBB explains that on this page, you’ll be asked to enter your login email, phone number, name and other personal details. Once you hit submit, you’ll be asked to confirm your password. Doing this gives criminals all the information they need to get into your Facebook account. There are different versions of the phishing email going around. But they all have the same goal. To steal your Facebook credentials. Don’t fall for it! This scam plays on your fears. The scammers try to convince you that you’ll lose your Facebook account forever if you don’t act quickly. The best way to avoid being scammed is to think before you act and inspect the message. You’ll most likely see spelling and grammar mistakes. Get more tech know-how on “The Kim Komando Show,” broadcast on 425-plus radio stations and available as a podcast. Sign up for Kim’s 5-minute free morning roundup for the latest security breaches and tech news. Need help? Drop your question for Kim here. Here are more ways the BBB suggests to avoid Facebook phishing scams: If you see a social media scam, report it to BBB.org/ScamTracker. Your report helps BBB build awareness about common tactics to help others avoid being scammed.