Aaron Rodgers has another supporter for his darkness retreat, though it’s someone who doesn’t want him to retire when it ends. During the weekly episode of his “Let’s Go!” podcast with Jim Gray, Tom Brady addressed Rodgers’ retreat and said that everyone has their “unique way to process the season” — adding that “however he’s going about it, good for him.” For Rodgers, that involves a four-day plunge into nothing but darkness. “And you know what? I think we all need to get off our phone a little bit more,” Brady said. “I think we all need to get away from the TV a little bit more. I think we all need a little more nature and a little more silence and a little more peace.” Rodgers, who said the retreat was scheduled “months” in advance, plans to use the experience to contemplate his decision for next season — choosing whether to play or to retire, to return as a Packer or seek a trade elsewhere. He, along with Green Bay executives, has been coy about any updates so far, citing the need for ample time in order to make the right decision. That only led to rumors swirling about potential destinations for Rodgers, with the Jets emerging as one after they hired Nathaniel Hackett, who coached him with the Packers, as the team’s offensive coordinator. Rodgers also jokingly ruled out the 49ers and acknowledged he heard the pleas of Raiders fans while participating in the Pebble Beach Pro-Am. Rodgers had one of his worst statistical seasons in 2022 after winning the league’s MVP award in 2020 and 2021. His touchdowns dropped from 37 to 26, and he threw eight more interceptions as he adjusted to the departure of star wideout Davante Adams and the addition of inexperienced receivers. “You know what, I hope he doesn’t retire,” Brady said. “Because like I said, I think the league needs good quarterbacks and he’s one of the greats. So if he retires, it’ll be a sad day for the league.” The NFL already lost one of its star quarterbacks when Brady retired on Feb. 1. He revealed, in an emotional video recorded on the beach, that this time, his decision is “for good,” too. Like Rodgers, Brady struggled throughout the 2022 season, and he thanked his teammates, coaches and family in the 53-second clip for “allowing me to live my absolute dream.” “We’ve all gotta be on,” Brady said, about Rodgers, to Gray in the podcast episode. “It’s very intense for all of us and everyone gets to choose what they want to do. But certainly from the standpoint of him leaving the game the way that he’s playing, he broke his thumb this year and still played tremendous. And you could see as he got healthy throughout the year how incredibly talented he is. “So I hope the good players keep playing. That’s what my hope is. That’s what I tried to do. And now you hope that the next generation does that and I hope they have the tools necessary to do that.”