Director Dan Reed slammed the idea of a brand new Michael Jackson biopicSunday saying that the new film would “glorify a man who abused children.” The movie, which would focus on the singer’s turbulent childhood onward, is to be produced by Graham King, reports The Guardian. “No one is talking about ‘canceling’ this movie, which will glorify a man who raped children,” said Reed. “What the total absence of outrage accompanying the announcement of this movie tells us is that Jackson’s seduction is still a living force, operating from beyond the grave.” “It seems that the press, his fans and the vast older demographic who grew up loving Jackson are willing to set aside his unhealthy relationship with children and just go along with the music,” continued Reed. According to Reed, the brand new film — named “Michael” — is being made in conjunction with the “Thriller” singer’s estate and worries that they will gloss over several accusations against the King of Pop. Reed’s searing documentary made its debut in 2019 at the Sundance Film Festival and featured Wade Robson and James Safechuck — both of whom were invited by Jackson to stay at his California-based ranch. Robson alleged that the singer raped him when he was only seven. In 2005, the singer was brought up on several charges of molesting a minor, intoxicating a minor to molest him, attempted child molestation and conspiring to commit extortion and child abduction. “According to Lionsgate [the distributor], the film will address all aspects of Jackson’s life, though it is unclear how the film will address the many controversies involving the late music icon,” says The Hollywood Reporter. “Given that the film is made in conjunction with his estate, which has defended him against accusations of sexually abusing children.” That is putting it very delicately indeed. It was also revealed that Jackson’s nephew Jaafar, would play the late singer in the upcoming film. As of Sunday, there is no official release date for the biopic.