Portland Trail Blazers star Damian Lillard wasn’t exactly over the moon when he found out teammate Josh Hart was traded to the Knicks. Lillard, along with the other members of the Trail Blazers, found out Hart would be traded just before warmups were set to start for their home tilt against the Golden State Warriors. The Villanova product was scratched from the starting lineup and gave his teammates hugs before exiting the court. A photographer caught the stunned reaction from the Blazers and Lillard embracing Hart in their final moments as teammates. “I tripped on it for a little bit,” Lillard admitted after the game. “It’s tough. I think for everybody who’s been here, the entire time that I’ve been here, one of the hardest parts is when you form a friendship or form a bond with somebody. Everybody’s looking at, what are they doing on the court? What can they do to get better? Everybody else is looking at it from a business standpoint and how to improve and all these things. “But we get up and spend time with each other every day. We’re on the plane together. We’re in the practice facility. We’re in a training room. We’re in the locker room. We’re in the cold tub. We’re in the steam room. We spend more time with each other than we do with our family. So, that makes it hard and especially with Josh, because we actually formed a friendship and you just get used to people being around. Anytime that happens, it’s tough.” The news clearly didn’t affect Lillard’s play. The seven-time NBA All-Star poured in a triple-double in the 125-122 victory, logging 33 points, 11 assists and 10 rebounds as Portland inched into the playoff picture, currently sitting in the final play-in slot in the Western Conference. Kevin Durant is on the move. What’s else happened at the NBA trade deadline? Follow our live tracker for news, rumors, analysis and more after a chaotic day. “We’re just trained to go,” Lillard said. “We’re professionals. So at some point you just get lost in the game and you just start playing, and I think that’s what happened for our team tonight.” Still, the move appeared to cast a somber tone over the locker room, with Lillard saying Hart “wanted to be in Portland” after calling him a winning player at several points throughout the season. Lillard did praise Cam Reddish, whom the Blazers received from the Knicks in the deal. “I’ve always liked Cam Reddish a lot,” Lillard said. “I watch a lot of games and when I’ve seen him, he’s a guy that can shoot the ball. I think he’s a legit 6-8. A good athlete. And I’ve seen him in some matchups against some good players where he can really defend when he’s focused on it.”