The liberal ideas that start in New York City don’t stop there — even when they should. The latest proof is so-called “ranked-choice voting.” The Big Apple forced this undemocratic system on its residents in 2021, with painful consequences. Yet rather than learn from New York City and the handful of states with similar problems, liberal activists are demanding that every state implement this foolish idea. At least 14 states are already considering it, and more city and state officials pushed proposals just this week. They should first look at how ranked-choice voting has failed in New York City and everywhere else. Any New Yorker who voted in the city’s 2021 mayoral primary had to endure the reality of ranked-choice voting. Before then, voting was simple: Just choose the candidate you want. If that person gets the most votes, he or she wins. If he doesn’t, he loses. That straightforward system is gone. Instead, New Yorkers are forced to rank candidates, from the one they like best to the one they like least. If you don’t rank them all, watch out — your vote might not be counted. It gets worse. In ranked-choice voting, the candidate who gets the most votes doesn’t automatically win. That’s because if no candidate gets more than 50% of the votes, officials start kicking candidates out of the race and redistributing their second-place votes, then their third-place votes and so on. This complicated process repeats until someone gets a majority of all the votes that remain, even if that means ignoring all your top candidates and choosing, say, your fifth pick. Which is exactly what happened in New York City in 2021. Eric Adams got the most first-choice votes of any candidate, but it took eight rounds of kicking out other candidates before he was finally announced the winner. Shockingly, it took nearly a month to certify the results because officials messed up the counting process by including the wrong ballots. Can you blame them? They were trying to make sense of a nonsensical system. Worst of all, huge numbers of New Yorkers were disenfranchised by the end of the vote-counting process. All told, more than 140,000 ballots — nearly 15% of the total cast — were effectively thrown out. Why? Because they didn’t rank enough candidates for their votes to make the final round. Maybe they couldn’t stomach some of the choices, or maybe they understandably struggled to figure out ranked-choice voting. Either way, New York City stifled their voices. That’s undemocratic—and un-American. New York City is far from alone. Last month, an entire county in the San Francisco Bay area admitted that — wait for it — it announced the wrong winner in a race with ranked-choice voting. It’s now recounting the results in every election that used this system. That doesn’t happen with normal voting, but in ranked-choice voting, it’s common. Then there’s the vote-trashing. In a 2018 congressional race in Maine, more than 8,000 ballots were thrown away. In Alaska’s August 2022 special election for its at-large congressional seat, 11,000 votes were effectively discarded, while nearly 15,000 were thrown out in the November general election. And in one local San Francisco election, roughly half of ballots were exhausted by the final round of recounts. Finally, under ranked-choice voting, the most popular candidates lose all the time. In the first round of the Maine race, Republican Bruce Poliquin got 46.3% of the vote, only to lose to Democrat Jared Golden, who got 45.6%. And in a 2021 10-person race for four open seats on a Maine city commission, two of the top four initial vote-getters ultimately lost. One of the eventual winners started with just 4% of the vote. Who could trust such confusing and unfair results? There’s no justification for ranked-choice voting, but liberal activists demand it anyway. They say it will restore people’s faith in democracy by electing less “extreme” candidates. But the real reason is that liberals think ranked-choice voting will elect more Democrats in red and purple states. That’s what happened in Alaska and Maine, which now have Democrats in Congress despite Republicans getting more votes in the races. In fact, ranked-choice voting undermines faith in democracy. It disenfranchises voters by throwing out their ballots, shredding the basic American principle of “One person, one vote.” It creates situations in which candidates who get the most votes lose, creating a feeling that voting is rigged. And it leads to delays in election outcomes, giving rise to legitimate fears of fraud, corruption and sheer bureaucratic incompetence. None of this is good for trust in our elections, as New Yorkers know. Yet that hasn’t stopped more than a dozen states from debating ranked-choice voting since the start of this year, with more on the way. No state should believe liberal activists’ lies. Every state should stick with the tried-and-true voting everyone knows. Tarren Bragdon is CEO of the Foundation for Government Accountability, where Madeline Malisa is a senior fellow.