When Texas Gov. Greg Abbott or Florida Gov. Ron DeSantis sends illegal immigrants somewhere else, the media scream to high heaven that they’re being treated cruelly and inhumanely (“Adams ‘tixed’ off at analogy,” Feb. 10). But when Democrats do it, it’s ignored or treated as something noble and wonderful. John E. Dumary, Jr. Duanesburg Those illegal immigrants who are fleeing New York are pretty smart. They can’t take it anymore and are on their way to socialist Canada, where they will feel right at home. Come to think of it, they have the right idea: Who would want to live in the highest-taxed state in America? Who would want to take dangerous subways? Who would want to attend failed public schools? J.R. Cummings Manhattan In Canada too there’s much contempt for migrants, even “fake” refugees — many of whom are desperate, perhaps enough so to work very hard in exchange for basic food and shelter. These human beings don’t wilfully become permanent financial burdens on their host nation. And they do want to pull their own weight through employment, even if only to prove their detractors wrong. And, by the way, what happened to our Christian charity and compassion? Migrant laborers should be treated humanely, including with timely access to proper work-related protections. Too often they are not. If they feel they must, critics of such refugees/migrants should get angry at the politicians who supposedly allow in “too many” migrants — but please don’t criticize these desperate people for doing what we’d likely all do were we in their dreadful position. Frank Sterle, Jr. White Rock, Canada Mayor Adams said that some migrants wish to go to Canada, and some wish to go someplace warmer. What about me? I’m a taxpaying citizen, and I’m freezing. What about sending me to St. Thomas to warm up? Carol Meltzer Manhattan As a life-long Nets fan, I find it laughable that Kyrie Irving felt “very disrespected” by the team I love (“Can’t make this up,” Phil Mushnick, Sports, Feb. 10). Kyrie is an amazing player and had some brilliant games and highlights as a Net. But he wasn’t even on the court half his time here for one reason or another, mostly by his own doing — while making tens of millions of dollars. And he didn’t demonstrate an ounce of leadership, self-awareness or, importantly, joy. That’s not how you earn respect. In fact, it’s the opposite. His actions disrespected the fan base (which pays a lot of money to see games), the organization and his teammates and coaches, who deserve consistency and commitment. Kyrie has always been about Kyrie — full stop. Ask the Cavaliers, the Celtics and now the Nets. Good luck, Dallas. John Dudzinsky Brooklyn Kyrie may say “We still remain brothers” about Kevin Durant and the rest of his Nets teammates, but that only makes me liken him to the biblical Cain — who killed his brother Abel. While Kyrie obviously is not a murderer, his anti-vaxxer, anti-Semitic views that resulted in him not playing in almost half of his games as a Brooklyn Net certainly “killed” their chances to win one or more championships (especially before his antics drove away James Harden). Richard Siegelman Plainview Want to weigh in on today’s stories? Send your thoughts (along with your full name and city of residence) to letters@nypost.com. Letters are subject to editing for clarity, length, accuracy and style.