Violence is exploding in and around city schools, with shootings, stabbings — and killings — on the rise. Three students have been slain so far in the 2022-23 school year, and at least 18 have been either stabbed or shot as gang beefs and ever-younger gun-toting kids take advantage of the state’s juvenile justice reforms, experts said. In the previous school year, one child was killed and eight were shot or stabbed, according to reports. Dissmissal can mean death for New York City schoolkids, with most of the stabbings and shootings unfolding after the afternoon bell rings. “We’ve really seen sort of this cavalcade of chaos that has been raining down on us because of bad laws and young people who are disconnected from responsible behavior,” said Staten Island District Attorney Michael McMahon. Shateema Watson, 34, knew how dangerous things were getting. She tried to convince her brother Nyheem Wright and his twin brother Raheem, who attended Brooklyn’s Liberation Diploma Plus High School, to move to Georgia from Coney Island with her to be safer. She was too late. On Jan. 20,  Wright was chased by six attackers at dismissal time and fatally stabbed a half mile from his school, and across the street from PS 329, in what police believe was a fight over a girl. The beef began earlier in the day and may have been sparked by a previous clash between two female students. “We just really wanted to snatch them up and show them a new way of life,” Watson, 34,  told The Post this week. In November, Mark Greene, 18, was gunned down at a bus stop half a block from North Queens Community High School in Kew Gardens Hills, in what cops suspect was a gang conflict. In another gang-related tragedy, Unique Smith, 15, was shot and killed Sept. 7 at a Downtown Brooklyn park just after classes ended at Brooklyn Laboratory Charter School, about four blocks away. In last school year’s lone fatality, Angellyh Yambo, 16, was hit by an alleged gang-banger’s stray bullet just a block from University Prep Charter School while walking home from class in the Bronx. Jeremiah Ryan, 17, was charged with murder after opening fire on gang rivals with a ghost gun, police said. Two other kids were injured in the incident. “A majority of the shootings around schools do have a gang element,” according to a police source, who noted “most of the beefs are wrapped around drill rap fueled by social media.” Law enforcement is hamstrung by weak Albany laws regarding dangerous minors, authorities said. New York’s Raise the Age law means kids under 18 can no longer be tried as adults in criminal court for most offenses, making it nearly impossible to hold youngsters accountable when they commit serious crimes, said McMahon, who lamented, “They’ve gotten a message that it’s OK to carry and use guns.” Fellow Democrat Melinda Katz, the Queens DA, echoed the call to reform Raise the Age. “Just as there is no arguing that reform was long overdue, it is obvious that those reforms have had unintended consequences that threaten public safety and need to be addressed urgently,” a Katz spokesman said. Violent kids — and gangs — are keenly aware of the loophole, authorities contend. “The older gang members intent on a bad act use the juveniles to hold the gun. Because if he or she gets caught they won’t have consequences,” the source said of Raise the Age. “Nobody in their right mind, who has a half a heart, wants to see any juvenile get arrested … But there are some kids — some — who have to be taken off the streets for the safety of the community all the way around.” Ten percent of shooting victims in the city are now juveniles, the police source said. And the number of gun arrests among those 18 and under has jumped to 448 in 2022 — a 64% increase from 2017, when there were 275. Richard Aborn, president of the Citizens Crime Commission, which helps craft NYPD policy, said the age when teens first picked up guns used to be 16 or 17. “Now it’s getting to be 13 or 14, if not 12, so you have guns permeating the youth culture and you also see guns on social media,” Aborn said. Charmaine Patterson, a school nurse who rotates among high schools in the Bronx and Manhattan, said she see students trapped in a world of gangs and violence. “They talk about how they know things, but can’t say anything because then they’ll get hurt, or their family or little sister or little brother will get hurt,” Patterson said. “Sometimes they come into the nurse’s office just to sit. They’ll say it’s a headache or stomach ache, but you know it’s more than that and there will be so many of them in there that they can’t say what they want to say.” A school safety agent who works in Brooklyn and has more than 20 years on the job is a witness to the rising violence. “I don’t want to sit back and sugarcoat it. The crime is definitely increasing and it’s getting worse,” she said. Kids have gotten savvier, she said, hiding their gang affiliations — and weapons — while at school. “So the only time you’ll know they’re really in a gang is when the kids start talking,” she said.  And they “hide [a gun or knife] out on the streets or leave early to go get it,” she added. Still, NYPD data shows an astonishing array of weapons are still making their way into schools. This school year, through Jan. 8, police confiscated 2,984 weapons, including 8 guns, 168 tasers and stun guns, and 1,192 knives. The tally may end up equaling the 2021-22 count of 6,389 weapons over a full school year — which included 21 guns. That number almost tripled the 2,137 weapons found in 2018-19, the last full year before the pandemic disrupted education. The NYPD has permanent weapons-detecting scanners at 80 schools and seven more deployed on a rotating basis. Hundreds of schools don’t have them. The number of school safety agents has also declined. The NYPD has 4,116 agents — 115 below the authorized count and down from 5,500 in 2018. The department said a class of 250 was scheduled to begin in April. NYPD data also shows 56 school safety agents or police officers were injured because of student misconduct from July 1 through Dec. 31, 2022, with 20 being sent to the hospital.There’s no end in sight to the violence: last week alone, four kids and a school safety agent were shot in separate incidents in Brooklyn. In the first half of the 2022-23 year, police made 155 arrests of students in schools — for incidents which happened either in or outside schools — including 40 assault charges, 13 for weapons possession, seven for gang assault, and three for rape, according to NYPD data. The NYPD has beefed up its presence at schools, and the Panel for Educational Policy just approved a $43 million contract to install new locking systems at every school. But the move is meant to keep violent interlopers out — and does nothing to address violent students within school walls. “Student safety is a priority for the NYPD and we regularly monitor and evaluate crime conditions in and around schools. In response to recent incidents, the precinct commanding officer or executive officer will meet weekly with school principals to discuss issues of note,” the NYPD said. Jackie Rowe-Adams, the head of the anti-violence group Harlem Mothers S.A.V.E., said parents had to pay more attention to their children and that “you can’t just blame the police, the mayor. … Everybody’s going to have to step up now because this is very serious.” Additional reporting by Mary Kaye Linge SCHOOL VIOLENCE, BY THE NUMBERS 3:  students killed this school year1: students killed last school year11:  students injured by gunfire this year4: students injured by gunfire last year7: students injured in stabbings this year4: students injured in stabbings last year56:  school safety agents and cops hurt on the job by student misconduct20: cops and agents rushed to hospital155: arrests of students on school grounds this school year40: assault arrests13: weapons arrests7: gang assault arrests3: rape arrests2,984: weapons confiscated in schools between July 1 and Jan. 88: guns seized168: taser  and stun guns seized1,192: knives seized346: felony incidents in schools in the 2021-22 school year85: felonies in 2020-21$15: McDonald’s burger flipper hourly salary$16.74: School safety agent hourly salary Sources: NYPD, Mayor’s Management Report 