Ironically, one of the cheapest NFL events all season will feature some of football’s best players. On Feb. 5, the NFL Pro Bowl will be held at Las Vegas’ Allegiant Stadium with some of the biggest names in the sport like the Jaguars’ Trevor Lawrence, the Giants’ Saquon Barkley and the Vikings’ Kirk Cousins to play in three games of 7-on-7 flag football as well as an elaborate skills challenge. To add star power to the festivities, the NFL has assigned Peyton Manning to coach the AFC squad while the NFC team will be led by, you guessed it, Eli Manning. Plus, hip-hop duo Rae Sremmurd will perform at halftime. Yet, even with all those high-profile names attached to the game, tickets are still available for as low as $23 before fees on Vivid Seats at the time of publication. We can’t believe we’re typing this either but lower-level tickets can be snagged for $50 before fees. Sure, the sports’ biggest stars like Patrick Mahomes, Jalen Hurts, Josh Allen, Joe Burrow and the very recently retired Tom Brady will be sitting out, but that doesn’t mean that this is an absolute steal and a much cheaper alternative to the Super Bowl where tickets start in the $4,000 range. All prices listed above are subject to fluctuation. So, if you want to see the game and skill challenge in sunny Las Vegas, here’s everything you need to know. Of course, every Pro Bowl roster will have quite a bit of turnover. Many elite players will skip the game to prepare for the Super Bowl, nurse injuries or duck out with an excused absence. As a result, it’s hard to keep track of who will be playing in the big game before the Big Game. To make your life easy, we’ve compiled a complete list of both Pro Bowl rosters including all the replacements subbing in for the stars who can’t make it this year. AFC Roster NFC Roster This year’s Pro Bowl is not built like the game from years past. On Thursday, Feb. 2, players will gather at Allegiant Stadium without fans to compete in Skills Challenges like Epic Pro Bowl Dodgeball (yes, really) as well as a water balloon toss, golf ball drive, a passing accuracy contest and best catch competition. Then, come game day, the top vote-getters in the best catch competition will go head-to-head in front of fans. After that, the AFC and NFC will take on one another in a relay race they’re calling “Gridiron Gauntlet.” That will be followed by a Weighted Wall Pull (dubbed “Move The Chains”) and Kick Tac Toe where punters and long snappers will work together to kick pigskins into a giant Tic Tac Toe board. Points will be added up from these games and factored into the actual Pro Bowl Flag Football games — there will be three total 7-on-7 matches. A complete, official schedule of the festivities and detailed scoring explanation from the NFL can be found here. If the Pro Bowl isn’t your scene and you want to see a Big Game where a trophy and rings are handed out afterwards, Super Bowl 2023 may be more your speed. Only thing is, you’re really going to have to shell out some serious bread to attend this year’s contest between the Philadelphia Eagles and Kansas City Chiefs on Sunday, Feb. 12 at State Farm Stadium in Glendale, Ariz. At the time of publication, tickets start at $4,565 before fees on Vivid Seats. Like the Pro Bowl, music’s All-Stars will be on full display all year long in the coming months. Here are just five of our favorite artists you won’t want to miss in the next few months. • Bruce Springsteen and the E Street Band • Taylor Swift • Metallica • Morgan Wallen • Blink 182 Five artists not enough for you? Check out our comprehensive list of the 52 biggest concert tours in 2023 here.