Lil Wayne just announced a massive nationwide 2023 tour and there’s “A Milli” reasons you can’t miss him live this year. For starters, the “Welcome To Tha Carter Tour” is Weezy’s first official tour since his 2019 co-headlining run with Blink-182. Then, there’s the rumor that the tour may coincide with the release of the highly anticipated “Tha Carter VI” album Lil Wayne teased at the Young Money Reunion concert in summer 2022. Thirdly, and most importantly, seeing Wayne live is essential for any self-respecting hip-hop fan. And if you’re in the Northeast, you’ll have a few chances to see the self-proclaimed “greatest rapper alive” this summer. Midway through the tour Lil Wayne is stopping into New York City’s Apollo Theater on April 16. The next night, April 17, he’ll drop into Philadelphia’s Fillmore. Want to snag tickets today? No problem. Even though inventory isn’t available on Ticketmaster until Friday, Feb. 3, fans who want to ensure they have tickets ahead of time can purchase on sites like Vivid Seats before seats are officially on sale. Vivid Seats is a secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand. They have a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and will be delivered before the event.  Lil Wayne will “Let The Beat Build” at venues all over North America starting April 4 at Minneapolis’ Fillmore. From there, Weezy has huge gigs scheduled at Chicago’s Radius on April 9, Boston’s House of Blues on April 13, Charlotte’s The Fillmore on April 20, Nashville’s Marathon Music Works on April 27 and Denver’s Fillmore Auditorium on May 7. The “Love Me” rapper will close his 29-concert run at Los Angeles’ The Wiltern on May 13. A complete calendar featuring all Lil Wayne “Welcome To Tha Carter Tour” dates, venues, show start times and links to buy tickets can be found here.  At the time of publication, Tunechi has been tapped to lend his talents to two major festivals. To make your life easy, we found the festival dates, locations, headliners who will be joining Wayne and links to buy tickets.  Although there are only rumors at this point, Lil Wayne did post a 13-second video in late 2022 claiming that “‘Tha Carter VI’ is on the way.” However, as we all know, Wayne can’t stay out of the studio. In 2022, he added four tracks to his 2011 mixtape “Sorry 4 The Wait” and subsequently dropped four more singles. This year, Weezy has already released a remix of “A Milli” with Sidepiece that might be even more of a club banger than the original. His most recent full-length album is 2020’s “Funeral.” Pitchfork raved that the five-time Grammy winner “(experiments) with an array of styles and a dizzying maze of wordplay.” The next year, he collaborated with Rich the Kid on the mixtape “Trust Fund Babies.” Want to listen to a lot of Wayne right now? You can hear everything Lil Wayne has been up to these past years here to tide you over until Tha Carter VI hits your headphones.  While we wait for Lil Wayne to hit the road later this year, we wanted to let you know there are a ton of exciting rap stars that may be coming to a venue near you in the next few months. Here are just five of our favorite hip-hop tours you won’t want to miss in the near future. • A Boogie Wit Da Hoodie • Future • YG • Lil Durk • Snow Tha Product Want to see what else is out there? Check out our list of the 52 biggest concert tours in 2023 here.