Russell Westbrook plans to sign with the Los Angeles Clippers after completing a contract buyout, his agent Jeff Schwartz told ESPN on Monday. The Lakers traded Westbrook and a 2027 first-round pick to the Jazz as part of a complex three-team deal with the Timberwolves on the night before Thursday’s 3 p.m. ET NBA trade deadline. Prior to the trade, Westbrook reportedly got into a heated verbal exchange with Lakers coach Darvin Ham following a 133-130 loss to the Oklahoma City Thunder. Westbrook will be reuniting him with his former Thunder teammate Paul George, once he and the Jazz complete the buyout on the remaining $47 million owed on his expiring deal and he clears waivers. The former NBA MVP had discussed deals with the Bulls, Wizards and Heat in recent days, a source told the outlet — but the opportunity to compete for a championship and remain in Los Angeles played a pivotal role in his decision to sign with the Clippers. Leading up to the deal, team officials, including Clippers coach Ty Lue and president of basketball operations Lawrence Frank, reportedly had a number of conversations with Westbrook about his willingness to fit into a specific role centered around his playmaking, rebounding and toughness. On Friday, Jazz CEO Danny Ainge, GM Justin Zanik and coach Will Hardy reportedly told Westbrook that while they would welcome him to the team, the organization was focusing on its younger players — and they would not promise him minutes or a specific role. Westbrook to the Clippers comes after they already retooled their rotation at the trade deadline — trading Reggie Jackson, John Wall and Luke Kennard and acquiring Eric Gordon, Bones Hyland and Mason Plumlee. After the Lakers traded Westbrook to the Jazz, his wife, Nina Westbrook ripped a report by ESPN’s Dave McMenamin, who claimed a source told him that Westbrook was “a vampire” in the locker room. NBA players, including All-Star guards Chris Paul (Suns) and Donovan Mitchell (Cavaliers), and free agent Carmelo Anthony also took issue with the report in separate Instagram comments. In the Westbrook trade, the Lakers got point guard D’Angelo Russell, guard Malik Beasley and forward Jarred Vanderbilt from the Timberwolves, who acquired guards Mike Conley and Nickeil Alexander-Walker and draft picks from the Jazz. In addition to Westbrook, the Jazz got forward Juan Toscano-Anderson, center Damian Jones and a 2027 Lakers first-round pick. If the Lakers’ pick to the Jazz falls into the top four, the pick will automatically change to a 2027 second-round pick, according to ESPN’s Zach Lowe. Westbrook has been a target of criticism following summer-long trade rumors that stemmed from his poor performance last season. The nine-time All-Star recorded his worst offensive campaign in his debut season with the Lakers — when fans gave him the nickname “Westbrick.” At the time, Westbrook spoke out against the negative chants and name-calling and said the taunting was “shaming” his name and taking a toll on his family. His wife also claimed in a series of tweets that the Westbrook family was getting “death wishes” from critics. Westbrook embraced a sixth-man role for the Lakers this season, averaging 15.9 points, 6.2 rebounds and 7.5 assists in 28.7 minutes per game this season. The Lakers acquired Westbrook in August 2021, in hopes of forming a Big 3 with LeBron James and Anthony Davis. Their plan never came to fruition due in part to injuries that limited the trio from playing time together. 