The Wisconsin lawyer attacked by a client who allegedly decapitated her lover during a meth-fueled sex romp has officially withdrawn from the case. Wild video showed lawyer Quinn Jolly being assaulted by 25-year-old Taylor Schabusiness, a woman he was repping, on Feb. 14 after the judge suggested moving her trial back two months. Jolly was removed Monday from the case — which allegedly involved the killer stuffing her boyfriend’s head and penis in a bucket and other body parts in a crock pot, leaving them for his mother to find. “I am satisfied based upon the assertions, and obviously, I was here in court for the last hearing, I saw the events that transpired,” Brown County Judge Thomas Walsh said in agreeing to Jolly’s request to be taken off the case, WBAY reported. “I am satisfied the request from Mr. Jolly to withdraw after those circumstances — makes a great deal of sense to me,” Walsh added in the Green Bay courtroom, where two deputies stood near Schabusiness. In the shocking video, Schabusiness suddenly lunges at Jolly and pummels him after Walsh recommended – at her camp’s request – starting the murder trial May 15 instead of March 6. Jolly had sought the extension to try to prove his client was not competent to stand trial for the grisly February 2022 murder of 25-year-old Shad Thyrion, whom Schabusiness allegedly decapitated during sex. Schabusiness reportedly told investigators they would “have fun trying to find all of [his] organs.” She pleaded not guilty to the grisly crime by reason of mental disease or defect but reportedly admitted that she went “crazy” after the couple smoked methamphetamine. The public defender’s office has found Schabusiness another lawyer, and her next court date has been scheduled for Friday, according to WBAY. “My understanding is that by that time, the new attorney the public defender is appointing will have a chance to meet with Schabusiness and be ready to give the court some direction as to when they will be ready to move forward,” Walsh said. After the courtroom outburst, Jolly filed a motion stating: “Due to the irretrievably broken state of the attorney-client relationship, caused by the events of the court hearing on February 14, 2023, counsel requests to be withdrawn from all further representation. “Counsel firmly believes that withdrawal can be accomplished without a material adverse effect on the client’s interests as well as that of the State,” he added, according to WBAY. Schabusiness, who is charged with first-degree intentional homicide, mutilating a corpse and third-degree sexual assault, is being held on a $2 million cash bond.