When the Mavericks and Suns met in the Western Conference semifinals last year, Spencer Dinwiddie and Dallas wanted to make sure their matchups stayed away from Mikal Bridges. They tried to get Phoenix’s star away from primary ball-handlers and switched onto other players. That experience playing against Bridges makes Dinwiddie, as well as former Mavericks and current Nets teammate Dorian Finney-Smith, eager to see how all of that talent can translate onto the same court now that Bridges has joined them in Brooklyn. The Nets’ offense might not have the same firepower it did before the NBA trade deadline, but their defense — at least on paper — has the potential to be a deeper and stronger unit than it was as recently as last week. The Nets already have added Finney-Smith and Dinwiddie. Bridges, the 2022 Defensive Player of the Year runner-up, could join the rotation Saturday. Head coach Jacque Vaughn doesn’t know what the defensive ceiling will be yet, and Dinwiddie knows there’s still a lot to wait and see about. But “defense wins championships,” Finney-Smith said Thursday, and he added that aspect — and more specifically making opponents shoot tough 2-pointers — will be a strength for the Nets. “We’re gonna try to dig in and grind every single day to get the most out of this group,” Vaughn said, when asked about how strong the Nets’ defense may become. “I talked to the group about the expectations of winning every day, and every piece of your fiber has to be dedicated toward doing your job as a teammate. “We’re gonna challenge these dudes, man. Try to get the most out of them. And see what happens.” A first glimpse of that potential was on display against the Bulls. The Nets have the No. 13 defensive rating (112.9) in the NBA after that game Thursday, when they limited Chicago to 21 points in the fourth quarter. That also came without key defender Nic Claxton, who was absent after being evaluated for “hamstring awareness.” Chicago’s Zach LaVine torched the Nets for 38 points, but less than an hour after their victory, Finney-Smith said “it’s gonna be fun shutting guys down and making them work on defense” once everyone joins the rotation. Dinwiddie cracked a smile from behind his press conference microphone as he spoke about defense, too. The former Net, now experiencing a reunion after he was reacquired in the Kyrie Irving trade, had just been asked about the Nets’ length and versatility. He started his answer by reaffirming trust in Vaughn, that the head coach will put everyone in the right place and maximize their potential. Then, the guard pivoted and started assigning roles himself. “I will say,” Dinwiddie added, before pausing mid-answer. “I didn’t like guarding Zach tonight. So Mikal, you can take that job.”