Ex-Superintendent Triantafillos Parlapanides should have immediately been terminated due to his lack of professionalism and disciplinary action toward the attacking students and their families (“School: Drugs, dad to blame,” Feb. 11). He blamed the entire incident on Adriana Kuch’s family, not taking into consideration the personal attacks on her. Those students who allegedly beat Adriana up, causing her to kill herself, should be held responsible and transferred to a more restrictive and supervised school environment. Their parents should be referred to social services to improve parenting skills. Nancy Epstein Boynton Beach, Fla. Reading about the suicide of Adriana Kuch deeply saddens me. I have a grandchild her age, and I know first-hand how difficult being on the receiving end of bullying can be. Unfortunately, adolescent suicide is the second leading cause of death for teenagers. But no matter how difficult life is in the moment for teens, the future often turns out to be much brighter for those who hang in there and get the right help. When life throws us a curve, we are bad predictors about how bright the future can turn be. Take it from someone who has been there. Martin Garfinkle Staten Island The tragedy of a young girl taking her life as a result of bullying, which was posted of on social media, is sickening. In China, TikTok has a time limit of under an hour for young minds under 14, and educational content is promoted. In our country, we have allowed this platform, which is owned by a Chinese company, to expose our young people to an unlimited and unregulated stream of content. There is concern that personal data is being compromised as well. We rightly screamed at how a surveillance balloon could be allowed to be in our skies for over a week without any initial response from our country. We should be equally or even more outraged that poison is being fed into the minds of our young people. This has contributed to social withdrawal, depression, anxiety and, in this young girl’s case, suicide. Wake up, America. Tony Giametta Oceanside It’s tragic that we continue to see school officials ignore cries of desperation from students. As a person working with troubled teens, I often remind parents that their selfish actions can hurt the minds of their children, and tell them to monitor and limit their access to social media. We cannot stop TikTok, but parents can provide protection. It just takes time and attention. Regardless of her family situation, the reaction of the school officials demonstrated a level of insensitivity toward a troubled teen. Greg Raleigh Washington, DC What school superintendent in his right mind would call police involvement in an alleged assault a “double whammy” for the perpetrators? And how do you not call an ambulance for a bloodied, unconscious student? One person surely deserving of a “whammy” is the now-former superintendent, Triantafillos Parlapanides. Throwing stones at the family merely deflects from his dereliction of duty. Where was his effort to prevent bullying and get kids off social media? Gary Layton Interlaken The recent suicide of Adriana Kuch in New Jersey is a major tragedy. This tragedy is made worse by the school’s response, including the superintendent blaming her father and the death of her mother seven years ago as the cause of suicide. School officials initially said the suspension of these bullies was enough, and they didn’t want to add on to the bullies’ records. Well, those bullies should’ve been reported to the police and had charges filed against them immediately, rather than be protected by a system that feels more sorry for the perpetrator than the victim. This is a symptom of the sick society we live in, and the only way this is going to get better is if we hold those doing bad things accountable. Mindy Rader, New City Want to weigh in on today’s stories? Send your thoughts (along with your full name and city of residence) to letters@nypost.com. Letters are subject to editing for clarity, length, accuracy and style.