New York Post readers can get an incredible new customer offer with the Caesars Sportsbook promo code NPBONUSFULL. New customers can apply the promo code to make an initial bet up to $1,250 on Caesars, and if it loses, that same amount is returned back as bet credits. So if you were to sign up and place a first wager for $200 that loses — you would still get back $200 in bet credits, and so on up to $1,250. Click the link below to learn more about Caesars’ offer ahead of the Kentucky Wildcats hosting the Auburn Tigers on Saturday. This offer is applicable to any sport on Caesars. Promo code NPBONUSFULL allows new customers on Caesars to claim up to $1,250 in bet credits. All it takes is a first bet of $10 or more, and there’s no reason to stress about losing money because the amount wagered on losing bets gets returned back in bet credits. If you win, you receive your winnings just like normal. The promo code NPBONUSFULL also allows users to get 1,000 Tier credits and 1,000 Reward credits just for signing up. The NCAA Tournament is creeping up and every game late in the regular season carries huge importance for seeding, or just making the tournament at all. Both the Auburn Tigers and Kentucky Wildcats should be able to make the big dance based on what they’ve accomplished so far, but another win can always help. Caesars Sportsbook lists Kentucky as a three-point home favorite over Auburn and that feels right. The Wildcats appear to have shaken off some of their early-season issues and have been playing good basketball. Kentucky has won three games in a row and just beat No. 11 Tennessee a week ago. Coach Calipari clearly has the Wildcats playing better team basketball all while Oscar Tshiebwe averages a double-double for the second consecutive season. Meanwhile, Auburn has sputtered as of late and lost four of its past six games. Kentucky is on a hot streak and will have Big Blue Nation on its side this afternoon, so take the Wildcats on Caesars with promo code NPBONUSFULL. 21+. Available in AZ, CO, IA, IL, IN, KS, LA, MI, NJ, NY, TN, VA, WV only. Full T&C apply. Who doesn’t like a little extra bang for their buck? Caesars Profit Boosts increase the net winnings of your bet by a given percentage and can be applied to all sorts of bets. Profit Boosts can be used on straight bets (money line, spread, total) and parlays, but there are also boosts that are exclusively for straight bets only, parlays only, or even parlays with a set number of legs. Profit Boosts can be applied to a variety of sports and bet types, but only those available will appear in your bet slip. Make sure to look for any profit boosts in your ‘Bonus Drawer’ on Caesars Sportsbook.