The Issue: Don Lemon’s comment that 51-year-old Nikki Haley is “past her prime” to run for president. It will be interesting to see how CNN executives handle the situation with Don Lemon and his sexist comments about Nikki Haley (“Lemon squeezed,” Feb. 17). Will they maintain their double standard and sweep it under the rug, or show some integrity and take him off the air? Imagine the reaction from liberal news outlets if Fox’s Tucker Carlson made the same comments about a female Democratic candidate. There would be a huge outcry and they would be calling for his ouster within the first ten minutes. Ted Rallis Mamaronek Don Lemon is an arrogant, ignorant, know-it-all imbecile. Unfortunately, he represents all of CNN, which normally accepts such outlandish commentary without question. Kudos to Poppy Harlow for publicly demonstrating her resentment. Lesson to be learned for CNN: Lemon is a prime reason for poor ratings. There is satisfaction derived when a blowhard like him proves publicly how crude and cruel he really is. Watch the door on your way out. Jerry Chiappetta Monticello Don Lemon’s brainless remarks about newly-declared candidate Nikki Haley being past her prime only shows his hatred for anything or anybody on the right. The garbage-mouth CNN commentator fears her as a strong alternative to former President Donald Trump for her party to retake the White House. I have long felt that it is time for a woman (not named Hillary Clinton or Kamala Harris) to become president. Nikki Haley checks all the boxes for a presidential candidate. She did an outstanding job after Trump appointed her as UN ambassador. If she becomes president, she will fulfill Trump’s wishes to “Make America Great Again” without generating all the hostility the former president created. Ron Desantis’ time will come, but right now I’m all in on Ambassador Haley for president. Don Lemon be damned. Warren Goldfein Mount Arlington, NJ How big of a jerk is this Don Lemon? He told his audience that the beautiful 51-year-old Nikki Haley is past her prime — and he did it while sitting between two female co-hosts, who were mortified. Follow The Post’s coverage of CNN’s Don Lemon This so-called “journalist” has made a fool of himself long enough. CNN should send him packing, so he can join his buddy Chris Cuomo as a podcast co-host. Joe Nugent Staten Island None of Don Lemon’s utterances should be taken all that seriously. He does, however, provide an important societal purpose: Parents can expose their children to him and to his rants and simply admonish: “Don’t grow up like that!” Anthony Parks Garden City Don Lemon takes dumb to a new level. His go-to authority to determine a woman’s prime is Google. Sadly, he doesn’t seem to be able to distinguish between “prime” as it refers to sexuality and “prime” as it refers to mental acuity. Concerning the latter, Nikki Haley is a most accomplished woman and is certainly more than qualified to run for the presidency. Lemon, on the other hand, demeans women and is incompatible with his co-workers on CNN. Obviously, Haley’s deficiency is that she is a Republican. If CNN ever wishes to return to its former glory, Don Lemon should be the first to go. Anthony Bruno Smithtown Where is the outrage with Don lemon’s comments about Nikki Haley not being in her prime? He gets away with this because he’s a liberal Democrat. What a bunch of hypocrites. That’s why the Democratic Party has turned into a complete train wreck. If he were a Republican, he would’ve lost his job many years ago, but as usual, the liberal Democrats will give him a pass and protect him, even though he’s an overrated misfit who should be off the air. Bill McCreary Levittown Want to weigh in on today’s stories? Send your thoughts (along with your full name and city of residence) to letters@nypost.com. Letters are subject to editing for clarity, length, accuracy and style.