What more can be said about Mario that hasn’t already been said? He’s little. He’s Italian. He’s a plumber. He’s got a twin brother (also a plumber) and he loves (and frequently rescues) a beautiful princess. Also, his arch-frenemys include a huge ape and a sort of dragon-turtle hybrid. If you weren’t familiar with Mario when you clicked on this article, now you’re all caught up. But we’d bet you were; he’s likely the most well-known video game character in the world. But were you aware you can actually play and interact with Mario outside of video games? You heard it here first, folks: Mario is also an action figure, a LEGO guy, a T-shirt, sandals, a blanket, a poster, wall decals, etc. If you can dream it, they’ve probably already put Mario’s face on it. In advance of “The Super Mario Bros. Movie,” premiering on Apr. 7, and featuring Chris Pratt, Jack Black, Seth Rogen, and more, we’ve put together a list of 15 of our favorite pieces of Mario merchandise, from board games to Hot Wheels. Shop finds from Amazon, Target, and more, and go beyond simply “playing” Mario. Welcome him into your life, as the dear friend that he is. Let’s-a-go! Play with Mario, Luigi, Yoshi, Peach, Donkey Kong, Bowser, Toad, and many, many more with this 12-Piece Action Figure set, available from Amazon for just $70. Made of quality materials, and compatible with Super Mario Bros. play-sets (featured later in this piece), this gang will be a huge hit with the Mario-lovers in your life. The LEGO Super Mario Bros. sets can be a little confusing, so allow us to break it down for you. You begin here, with this Starter Course, with the option to add on various expansion sets, including this Frozen World Expansion, among others. Before you graduate to a higher level, however, you have to beat the first one, available here for just $48 from Walmart. After we got the above Starter Course out of the way, we couldn’t resist adding this LEGO Super Mario Princess Peach’s Castle Expansion Set to our list. At $130, this set comes with the castle, Bowser, Peach, Toadette, and more characters to play with. Speaking of more characters, surprise yourself with this box of LEGO Super Mario Character Packs. Each $24 box comes with four mystery characters inside, including Birdo, a Green Toad, and more. Your kid will feel like they can double-jump in these Super Mario Children’s Sandals, available from Amazon for just $23. Plus, they make a valuable teaching tool: left is Luigi. You’ve never seen Mario this big before. This talking, huggable, 12″ Mario is the perfect gift for a collector or a kiddo, as long as they love the little Italian plumber. With over 30 sound effects, and five built-in songs, this “It’s-A-Me, Mario!” Mario Figure will always give you something to talk about. Mario Kart and Hot Wheels seem like a match made in heaven. Grab this four-car racer pack, featuring Mario, Luigi, Peach, and Rosalina, for only $24 from Target. Then you’re off to the races. Trying to cut down on your kid’s screen time, but they still want to wake up to Mario everyday? Try these wall decals from SchwartsCount, featuring Mario, Luigi, and classic Super Mario Bros. environments. Can you escape the Piranha Plant? Try you luck, with this Super Mario Bros. Piranha Plant Escape! board game from Epoch Games. Roll the dice, press the button, and do your best not to wake up the Piranha Plant! Fly the (un)friendly skies with this Super Mario Bowser’s Airship Playset, featuring a Mario action figure, available for just $30 from Target. Looking for even more places to play with your Super Mario Bros. action figures? See if you can complete the level on this Dungeon Advanced Playset, available from Amazon for just $22. On your marks….get set….Kart! This Bowser’s Castle Trackset from Hot Wheels comes with a Blue Yoshi racer, and will provide hours of fun for the Mario Kart fanatics in your life. Tired of explaining all of the Super Mario Bros. lore to the people around you? Let you clothes do it for you with this Super Mario Bros. Character Guide T-Shirt, marked down to just $16 at Target. Think you know all there is to know about Mario? We guarantee you’ll learn something new in this “Super Mario Bros. Encyclopedia: The Official Guide to the First 30 Years, ” available for $30 on Amazon. Bring Mario everywhere you go, with this Super Mario Bros Metal Straw Water Bottle from Paladone, available on Amazon for just $17.  Sip, savor your time with Mario, and save. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.