The US government briefly banned civilian aircraft from flying over northern Lake Michigan on Sunday as tensions remain high from the Chinese spy balloon scandal. The North American Aerospace Defense Command said it “implemented a temporary flight restriction airspace over Lake Michigan” around noon Eastern time. The move — made “with the cooperation of the Federal Aviation Administration” — was intended “to ensure the safety of air traffic in the area during NORAD operations,” the joint US-Canada defense organization said. NORAD didn’t say why the airspace was closed, but the order came one day after a US fighter jet shot down an object flying over Canada, marking the third such incident since Feb. 4, when an Air Force plane blew an alleged Chinese spy balloon out of the sky off the coast of South Carolina. The airspace closure — also covering northern Michigan and Door County, Wis., which juts into the lake — lasted about an hour, according to the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel. Flights out of Milwaukee’s Mitchell International Airport reportedly weren’t affected. An FAA declaration warned pilots that they “may be intercepted, detained and interviewed by law enforcement or security personnel” if they were to enter the restricted airspace over Lake Michigan, Fox News said. The FAA threatened the use of deadly force to ensure compliance, Fox News said. A similar situation unfolded Saturday around Havre, Mont., near the Canadian border, with NORAD later blaming the incident on a radar anomaly and saying nothing was found. Military fighters that investigated “did not identify any object to correlate to the radar hits,” NORAD said. Three lawmakers, including US Sen. Jon Tester (D-Montana), said on Twitter on Saturday that an unidentified object had been spotted in Montana airspace. US Rep. Matt Rosendale (R-Mont.) tweeted Sunday afternoon that he was “in constant communication with NORCOM and they have just advised me that they have confidence there IS an object and it WAS NOT an anomaly. “I am waiting now to receive visual confirmation. Our nation’s security is my priority,” he added. Rosendale was apparently referring to the US military’s Northern Command, or USNORTHCOM, whose commander, Gen. Glen VanHerck, is also in charge of NORAD. A rep for the US Northern Command said it was aware of Rosendale’s tweet but declined to comment.