A final batch of court documents related to pedophile Jeffrey Epstein’s associates and “salacious” allegations against them could be released in the coming weeks — some four years after the disgraced financier’s death, a report claims. The documents will name at least one “public figure” and will be made public within the coming months, according to a filing reviewed by the DailyMail. The records are likely to reveal hundreds of “alleged perpetrators” and individuals accused of “serious wrongdoings,” as well as Epstein’s victims and employees. Thousands of court documents unsealed in 2019 revealed claims that Epstein trafficked then-teenager Virginia Giuffre to a US senator, the former governor of New Mexico, a prominent hedge fund manager and a late longtime MIT professor. Thousands of other pages have remained out of the public since then, however, following Epstein’s suicide inside a Manhattan jail cell. Giuffre has pushed for the papers to be made public over the last four years. The documents are set to be released because the 167 John or Jane Does mention in the papers did not object to their names being made public, the DailyMail said. One of those men allegedly includes disgraced Prince Andrew, who was stripped of his military titles and royal patronages by Queen Elizabeth after Giuffre accused him of sexually assaulting her after Epstein facilitated the introduction. Harvard law professor Alan Dershowitz — already publicly accused of sexual abuse by Giuffre — is also said to be mentioned in the papers. According to the outlet, Dozens of individuals are listed as “associates” of Epstein or former girlfriend Ghislane Maxwell, who is serving a 20-year sentence for her role in the sex trafficking scheme. Maxwell’s lawyers have reportedly pushed back on revealing several of the individuals’ identities, claiming there was no evidence to support they were more than friends. One such individual — described as a “public figure” by her lawyers — was included in the documents because they were included in Epstein’s “Black Book,” which contained phone numbers of more than 1,000 celebrities, politicians and titans of business. Another person is an assistant state attorney that was involved in a 2007 case brought against Epstein for soliciting a minor for prostitution. Epstein only served 15 months as part of a sweetheart deal with state prosecutors in Florida, the outlet said.