Warning: Attending a Beyoncé concert could break your soul — according to one viral pastor. Tiphani Montgomery, 40, is sparking debate online after calling the 41-year-old “Cuff It” singer a “witch” who all Christians should denounce. “Any of you who are going to Beyoncé’s concert, I rebuke you in the name of Jesus, how dare you call yourself a Christian,” Montgomery, who founded the Covered By God ministry, boldly claimed in a video posted to social media last week. “I don’t care what pastor you got who’s OK with it, I don’t care what pastor you got that think it’s cool, I don’t care what pastor you got that sing along to the songs because they want some clout,” she continued. While the singer and her husband, Jay-Z, are no strangers to Illuminati and brain-washing conspiracy theories, Montgomery likened the performer’s concerts to a “witch” hosting covens, but on a larger scale. “When a witch has a coven it’s normally a small thing. Witch’s covens are normally three to seven people,” the pastor explained. “When it becomes thousands it’s called a hive. Y’all a part of that lady Beyhive? And you call yourself a Christian?” she said in reference to the “Church Girl” singer’s fanbase. “May the dealings of the Lord come upon you.” The Post has contacted Montgomery and reps for Beyoncé for comment. But internet sleuths quickly dug up several tweets from years ago when Montgomery was singing a different tune — even claiming in 2010 that she was “addicted” to Beyoncé’s “Why Don’t You Love Me” and attended a Jay-Z and Beyoncé concert in 2014. “I publicly came against and denounced their god baalyonce [sic] so they found these tweets from 2010, 2011, 2014,” wrote Montgomery on Twitter in defense of herself following the resurfacing of her old, pro-Queen Bey tweets. “I GOT SAVED IN MY SHOWER AUGUST 2015. ANYTHING YOU SEE TWEETED BEFORE THAT WAS ME BEING AS BLIND AS YOU ARE TODAY!” she added. On Super Bowl Sunday, Beyoncé’s fellow Destiny’s Child member Michelle Williams, 43, who released several gospel albums after the group disbanded in 2006, “entered the chat,” and denounced Montgomery’s comments. “I am just watching a lot going on, things that are being said, specifically about entertainers, specifically about entertainers that I even have relationships with, entertainers that I know off the stage,” Williams said in an Instagram video. “I just wish we would pray as publicly for entertainers as we rebuke them and damn their soul to hell. I know it ain’t my calling mission to damn entertainers to hell and to say that they would drop dead. The devil is a lie,” she added.