Let’s get one thing out of the way. Even at 83, Smokey Robinson sounds just as good today as he did 66 years ago (!) when he exploded onto the scene in 1957 with The Miracles. And based on the catchy lead single “If We Don’t Have Each Other” from his upcoming album “‘Gasms,” it appears he still has a few tricks up his sleeve too. But Robinsion isn’t just sticking to the recording studio this year. From March through August, the Rock and Roll Hall of Famer is touring and bringing hits like “Tears Of A Clown,” “Cruisin'” and “Tracks Of My Tears,”  all over North America. New Yorkers and New Jerseyans, you won’t need to shed any tears either. The timeless crooner will be at Atlantic City’s Borgata Casino Event Center on March 3, Newark’s New Jersey Performing Arts Center on March 4 and Atlantic City’s Caesars on July 27. However, the best news of all is that some tickets to see the Grammy winner are available for just $60 before fees on Vivid Seats. That’s a bargain considering you’ll be seeing one of the all-time greatest singers live. Want to catch Smokey in concert this year? Keep reading. We’ve got everything you need to know below. All prices were found at the time of publication and are subject to fluctuation.  A complete calendar including all 2023 concert dates, venues and links to buy tickets can be found below. (Note: The New York Post confirmed all above prices at the publication time. All prices are subject to fluctuation and include additional fees at checkout.) Vivid Seats is a verified secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand. They offer a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and your tickets will be delivered prior to the event.  Each and every Robinson show is a bona fide hit parade. Based on recent records, here’s what to expect at a 2023 Smokey Robinson show (although he may mix in some choice cuts from his new, upcoming album). 01.) “Being With You”02.) “I Second That Emotion”03.) “You’ve Really Got a Hold on Me” 04.) “Quiet Storm”05.) “Ooo Baby Baby”06.) “Get Ready” (The Temptations cover)07.) “My Girl” (The Temptations cover)08.) “The Way You Do the Things You Do” (The Temptations cover)09.) “The Tears of a Clown” (Smokey Robinson & The Miracles cover)10.) “Fly Me to the Moon (In Other Words)” (Kaye Ballard cover)11.) “Just to See Her”12.) “I Love Your Face”13.) “La Mirada”14.) “The Tracks of My Tears” 15.) “Cruisin'” The above set list is from Set List FM. Their site has an archive dating back to 1973 gigs of Robinson’s if you want to compare and contrast what he was playing live 50 years ago to today.  Remember when we said Smokey’s still got it? Well, that was never more evident than when he performed “Tears Of A Clown” at the 2023 Grammys alongside Stevie Wonder. You can watch their mesmerizing performance below.   Many of the greatest stars who paved the way for modern rhythm and blues are on tour this year. Here are just five of our favorite R&B acts you won’t want to miss on tour in the next few months. • The Temptations • Patti LaBelle • Gladys Knight • Dionne Warwick • Earth, Wind and Fire Need even more music in your life? We’ve got you covered. Check out our list of the 52 biggest concert tours in 2023 here.