Before the Kansas City Chiefs and Philadelphia Eagles kick off in Super Bowl 2023 on Sunday, Feb. 12, at State Farm Stadium in Glendale, Arizona, get to know the biggest supporters of both teams. Patrick Mahomes and his wife, Brittany Matthews, are one of the NFL’s most famous couples. The Chiefs quarterback and the fitness entrepreneur, both 27, tied the knot in Hawaii in March 2022. They said “I do” in an intimate ceremony by the ocean in Maui, where their 1-year-old daughter, Sterling Skye, served as the flower girl. They later honeymooned in St. Barts. The high school sweethearts from Whitehouse, Texas, got engaged in September 2020, when Mahomes popped the question in a private suite at Arrowhead Stadium. Later that month, the pair announced Matthews’ pregnancy on Instagram. Mahomes and Matthews welcomed their daughter in February 2021. Matthews later gave birth to the couple’s son, Patrick “Bronze” Lavon Mahomes III, in November 2022. Deon Bush and his wife, Amina Smith, have a lot to look forward to in February 2023. The Chiefs safety, who signed with Kansas City in March 2022, is playing in his first Super Bowl on Sunday — and the couple is expecting a baby boy sometime this month. Bush and Smith, who is an on-air host with NBC Sports Boston, tied the knot in February 2021. They were supposed to get married in 2020 but decided to postpone their nuptials due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Bush proposed to Smith in Costa Rica in July 2018. Chiefs tackle Orlando Brown Jr. and influencer Holly Luyah made their relationship Instagram official in December 2019. Brown and Luyah are mostly private about their relationship and family, which includes their 2-year-old son, Orlando Claude Brown III. They attended Patrick Mahomes and Brittany Matthews’ wedding, where they posed for “tipsy glamour shots” in the couple’s photo booth. The influencer, who has over 3 million followers on Instagram, is known for sharing fashion, beauty, food and lifestyle posts. Forbes recognized her as one of its “top 10 fashion influencers,” according to her Instagram. Chiefs wide receiver Mecole Hardman and his girlfriend, fashion and beauty entrepreneur Chariah Gordon, are expecting a child together in early 2023. Gordon shared that she was seven months pregnant in December. “Planned & created life with my best friend, our rainbow baby is on the way & we couldn’t be more blessed & excited!!” Gordon wrote in her initial pregnancy reveal last fall, when she included maternity photos of the couple on Instagram. “The Hardman’s are expanding by 1 @mecolehardman4 this a forever thing.” Gordon has her own fashion and skincare company, The Glo Collection. It is certainly “ring season” for Chiefs safety Juan Thornhill and his lady love, Reagan Steele. The couple announced their engagement in October 2022, a few months before Kansas City punched its ticket to Super Bowl 2023. “She said yes,” Thornhill gushed on Instagram at the time. The owner of the Sparkle & Rays boutique, Steele has been a constant presence at Arrowhead Stadium on game days and even reminded Bengals fans in January following Kansas City’s AFC Championship win just whose house it is. “Burrowhead? Never heard of it? SUPER BOWL BOUND,” she posted on Instagram. It’s been a whirlwind ride for Chiefs third-string quarterback Shane Buechele and his wife, Paige Buechele. An undrafted free agent out of Southern Methodist University, Buechele signed with Kansas City in 2021, the same year he and Paige, a realtor and a former Miss Dallas USA, got engaged. The couple tied the knot in an intimate ceremony in 2022, with plans to celebrate in a grand fashion in the months to come. “Today marks one year since you said yes, 4 months since we said I do, and only a few more months until we get to celebrate with our friends and family! I’m thankful for you,” Buechele wrote on Instagram in November 2022. 2023 is looking to be a big year for Chiefs linebacker Leo Chenal and his wife, Randi. In October 2022, the couple confirmed they’re expecting a daughter in April. “Baby Girl Chenal coming April 6th 2023!” Randi gushed on Instagram at the time. Chenal had popped the question in Las Vegas in early 2022 after more than three years of dating. They wed in 2022. Together for more than two decades, Chiefs backup quarterback Chad Henne and his wife, Brittany Henne, marked 12 years of marriage in July 2022. “22 years together. 12 years married. 10 different homes. 6 different states. 5 different team colors to rep. 2 kids. 1 person I want to continue doing the rest of this chaos we call life with,” Brittany gushed on Instagram at the time, to which Henne replied, “Better with age!” Henne entered the Chiefs’ Divisional Round playoff game versus the Jaguars in January 2023 when quarterback Patrick Mahomes briefly exited with an injury. An AI Partner at IBM, Bryonna “Bry” Burrows reportedly first crossed paths with Eagles quarterback Jalen Hurts during their college days at the University of Alabama, where she earned her Bachelor’s degree in political science and an MBA. The couple, who is said to have dated on and off since 2016, celebrated the Eagles’ NFC Championship win together in January 2023. Eagles center Jason Kelce and his wife, Kylie McDevitt Kelce, tied the knot on April 14, 2018. They went public with their relationship in 2015 after matching on a dating app. The couple is expecting their third daughter any day now, and it’s possible that Kylie could give birth during Super Bowl 2023. Last week, Kelce shared that his wife is 38 weeks pregnant and they are bringing her ob-gyn to the big game — along with their daughters, Elliotte Ray, 23 months, and Wyatt, 3. “That could be a super Kelce Bowl,” Kelce said during the Feb. 1 episode of his “New Heights” podcast with his brother, Chiefs tight end Travis Kelce. “If she has a baby in the stadium, it’s officially scripted.” Britain Covey and his wife, Leah Covey, will become first-time parents after Super Bowl 2023. The couple announced in September they are expecting a baby boy in March — and Leah shared on Instagram this week that she is 35 weeks pregnant. The Eagles wideout and his wife celebrated their third wedding anniversary last month following Philadelphia’s 31-7 win over San Francisco in the NFC Championship game. “3 years married and the last year with just the two of us :’) I’m emo,” Leah wrote on Instagram, where she posted photos of the couple. “I could have spent multiple lifetimes alone with you  happy anniversary to my forever boy!!” Katya Suh is hoping to make 2023 as memorable a year as husband Ndamukong Suh’s last postseason run. The Eagles defensive end, who won a Super Bowl in February 2021 with the Buccaneers and the newly retired Tom Brady, welcomed twin boys with Katya in April of that year. The Kicks & Cocktails curator has been married to Suh since 2020. Married to Eagles defensive end Brandon Graham since 2014, Carlyne Graham shared an emotional moment with the former first-round pick following the Eagles’ NFC Championship win over the 49ers in January 2023. While soaking up the postgame excitement at Lincoln Financial Field, Carlyne jumped into Graham’s arms and later gushed, “I’m so proud of you,” as the couple celebrated with their young children. Kelsey Holmer sealed boyfriend Lane Johnson’s latest Eagles win with a kiss. Shortly after Philadelphia punched its ticket to Super Bowl 2023, Holmer — who went public with her relationship with the offensive tackle in 2022 — kissed Johnson in the tunnels at Lincoln Financial Field, which she chronicled in a sweet Instagram tribute. “WE ARE GOING TO THE SUPERBOWL!!!!!!!” Holmer exclaimed at the time. Eagles defensive tackle Fletcher Cox and New Jersey native Kaycee Marchetti have been dating since at least 2019, according to their respective Instagrams. Marchetti celebrated with Cox on the field at the Linc after the Eagles defeated the 49ers in the NFC Championship game on Jan. 29. “WE’RE GOING TO THE SUPER BOWL!!!!!” she wrote on Instagram at the time, including photos of the couple holding the NFC Championship trophy. The couple celebrated her 29th birthday in June, followed by his 32nd in December. Earlier this week, Marchetti was named “the number one hottest Eagles WAG” by SportsLens. She gushed over the honor in an Instagram Story and gave her fellow Eagles WAGs a shoutout, writing, “But the real honor is to be surrounded by the beautiful group of ladies on and off the field.” Eagles cornerback Darius Slay and his wife, Jennifer Slay, are ready to take on the Super Bowl. Married since 2018, the couple — who is said to have met back in 2015 — kicked off the year with Slay’s 32nd birthday celebrations. They kept the celebrations rolling weeks later with an NFC championship title. “SUPERBOWL BOUND!!! My baby deserves it all!!!” Jennifer gushed on Instagram in late January.