Daniel Jones already seems to be in the midst of change. As he begins negotiations with the Giants for a long-term deal, the 25-year-old quarterback is changing agents, The Post confirmed. Represented by Creative Artists Agency (CAA) since he was drafted sixth overall in the 2019 draft, Jones is expected to now join Athletes First, according to ESPN. Athletes First previously negotiated the largest deal in NFL history (at the time) five times, including for quarterbacks Aaron Rodgers and Dak Prescott. The agency also represents highly paid quarterbacks Deshaun Watson and Matt Ryan, as well as Sterling Shepard. Jones and Shepard became close friends as Giants teammates. The Post’s Ryan Dunleavy reports that negotiations between the Giants and Jones had gotten off to a much bumpier start than expected. ESPN was first to report Jones switching agents. The Giants notably did not pick up Jones’ fifth-year option on his rookie contract last offseason, as GM Joe Schoen and the rest of the new Giants regime opted to use another season to evaluate the signal-caller. As a result, Jones will be an unrestricted free agent after completing his four-year rookie deal. In turn, Jones produced the best season of his career, recording career highs in passing yards, passer rating, quarterback rating and completion percentage along with a career-low turnover mark. He led the team to a 9-6-1 regular-season record and its first playoff berth since 2016 before defeating the Vikings in the wild-card round, the first and only playoff win of his career. It was also the first season Jones did not miss any games due to injury. Following the season, Giants brass has been vocal about its desire to bring Jones back. After the wild-card round win, co-owner John Mara said “It was a while ago I think” when asked by The Post’s Steve Serby when he knew Jones was his quarterback of the future. Mara’s brother Chris, who serves as the team’s senior player personnel executive, echoed that sentiment: “We got somebody going forward.” “We want Daniel back,” Schoen told reporters at the Senior Bowl. “We haven’t started conversations with his people yet. Once we get into it in terms of years, contract structure, finances, I’m not really sure where they’re gonna be, what they’re asking for, we’re still working on where we’d want to start so until we get into the actual negotiations I really won’t have a good sense for years, money.” Whether the sides can reach an agreement on a long-term deal is another story. Jones will likely seek top dollar in line with other starting quarterback contracts. Per The Post’s Paul Schwartz, the Giants would ideally work out a five-year deal with Jones in order to spread out the bonus money across the maximum years allowed. That would allow the Giants to decrease his salary cap hit for 2023 and in subsequent seasons. The Giants would likely stay away from offering Jones $40 million or more a season, which would be in line with other recent quarterback contracts signed around the league. Finding a long-term resolution could come down to Jones being convinced to accept a deal closer to $35 million, which would still make Jones one of the 10 highest paid quarterbacks in the NFL and allow the Giants to invest in other areas. There is very little chance Jones is not with the Giants next year or will even hit the open market, however. Although both sides prefer to avoid it, the Giants can use the franchise tag, which would pay Jones a guaranteed $32.4 million next season, albeit only for one season. With $44.4 million in cap space entering free agency, that would be a costly move for the Giants that would inhibit the team’s ability to strengthen other areas of the team. And for Jones, he would still be without the long-term financial security he desires and thrust into another prove-it season. The Giants can also use the tag as a placeholder to keep Jones off the open market while continuing to negotiate — if they use it, which they can do between Feb. 21 and March 7. They would have until July 15 to work out a long-term deal. Otherwise, Jones would play on the $32.4 million, one-year deal. The transition tag is another option for the Giants, which would guarantee Jones $29.5 million for next season. The transition tag still allows Jones to field offers from other teams in free agency, though. If he signs an offer sheet, the Giants would have the right to match the deal and retain Jones, or allow him to leave if they decide not to match. Additionally, Jones’ negotiations are closely intertwined with star running back Saquon Barkley, who will also be an unrestricted free agent. Per Schwartz, Barkley rejected an offer for a deal that averaged $12.5 million a year during the bye week, a number the Giants aren’t overly inclined to surpass. If the Giants can reach a long-term agreement with Jones, they’d be able to use the franchise tag on Barkley amid the salary discrepancy, or vise versa.