Prince Andrew has been “keeping an eye” on how Prince Harry and Meghan Markle are managing in the US, according to a report. The disgraced royal, who was famously stripped of his royal and military honors by his late mother, Queen Elizabeth II, is reportedly curious about the prospect of life overseas and what it could mean for his struggling career as a working royal. Insiders claim the Duke of York is “less bothered than people think” about no longer having his titles and is reportedly eyeing up a move across the pond as one of his options. “He has been keenly keeping an eye on everything Harry and Meghan have been doing in America,” a source told The Sun. “They have managed to set up a new working life away from the royal family and that is something Andrew has been following very, very closely,” the insider added. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex sensationally stepped down as senior members of the royal family in 2021 — a decision that was followed by a permanent move to the US, and several high-publicity projects such as a Netflix doc, and Harry’s memoir, “Spare.” The source claimed that 62-year-old Andrew is “very interested” in “business and charity” — but unlike his nephew, he will not be exploring Netflix-style projects as he looks to “forge a new career.” It’s reported that Andrew is assembling his own team after recently losing his communications officer who had worked for him for two years. A strong rebrand and a comeback are desperately needed for the Duke after a string of controversies plagued his reputation. Andrew, who was barred from using his HRH (“His Royal Highness”) moniker following his association with pedophile Jeffrey Epstein, also lost his patronages last year. While he is still a Royal Knight of the Garter and a Knight Grand Cross of the Royal Victorian Order, he was told face-to-face by his mother that he would no longer be known as His Royal Highness. The monarch, who was 96 when she died in September, broke the news to the father of two at Windsor Castle in January last year. That same month, she also took away his military titles. The retraction of Andrew’s official royal labels came amid his sexual assault case filed by Virginia Giuffre, who has long claimed that Epstein made her have “disgusting” sex with the royal three times, starting in 2001 when she was just 17. Andrew’s lawyers say he “unequivocally denies Giuffre’s false allegations against him.” He settled the case out of court for an undisclosed sum last February. Most recently, Andrew has been chucked out of Buckingham Palace by none other than his monarch brother, King Charles. The King has made it clear that Buckingham Palace is no place for Prince Andrew,” a source told the outlet of the decision, which comes just months before King Charles III’s coronation, set for May 6. Andrew was reportedly told “there is no longer any place” for him at the palace, the official royal residence. The Post has reached out to Buckingham Palace for comment.