People say Valentine’s Day is the most romantic date of the year. To that, we counter — the most romantic day of the year is whatever day you see Boyz II Men live. The legendary R&B group have just 13 more “most romantic days of the year” left in 2023 though; there are only 13 B2M concerts from Feb. 9 through Aug. 3 remaining on the band’s tour calendar. That means just 13 more chances to see Nathan Morris, Shawn Stockman and Wanyá Morris IRL on this tour. And just 13 more opportunities to hear “End of the Road,” “I’ll Make Love To You” and “On Bended Knee” live. Most of all though, this is an emergency message to fans in NY or NJ. If you love Boyz II Men and want to see them live this year, you’re going to need to hustle to secure last-minute tickets — their upcoming show is coming soon at New Brunswick’s State Theatre on Feb. 10. Want to know more about the tour? Keep reading. We’ve got everything you need to know and then some below. All prices were found at the time of publication and are subject to fluctuation.  A complete calendar including all upcoming Boyz II Men tour dates, venues and the cheapest tickets available for each show can be found below. (Note: The New York Post confirmed all above prices at the publication time. All prices are subject to fluctuation and include additional fees at checkout.) Vivid Seats is a verified secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand. They offer a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and your tickets will be delivered prior to the event.  Although Boyz II Men haven’t released a ton of new music over the past few years — they’re constantly touring — the trio did find time to drop the holiday-themed “A Cooleyhigh Christmas” in 2020. Featuring an assist from vocalist Brian McKnight on “Let It Snow,” the legendary R&B icons breathe life into Christmas classics on the six-track record including a show-stopping, gorgeous rendition of “Silent Night.” You can hear the record in its entirety here.  After a bit of careful review, it appears that your average Boyz II Men show opens with “Motownphilly” and typically consists of 13 or so songs including all their biggest hits as well as a few surprise covers. What songs does the group play by The Beatles, Eric Clapton, Journey and Mariah Carey? We’d argue the best way to find out is live but you can also check out their recent set lists at Set List FM. For those who want to reach back a bit further into the group’s history, Set List FM has records as far back as 1990 detailing what they played and when.  There’s never been a better time than the present to be a fan of R&B. Long-time legends as well as rising starts are hitting the road on ambitious tours all year long. Here are just five of our favorite acts you won’t want to miss when they come to a city near you in the next few months. • Smokey Robinson • The Temptations with the Four Tops • Janet Jackson • New Edition • Usher Want to geek out and see who else is on the road this year? If your answer is “Obviously, yes,” check out our list of the 52 biggest concert tours in 2023 here.