There’s nothing worse than spilling red wine on your favorite rug. While rugs can transform any space in your home (texture, aesthetic and comfort), accidents happen and when they happen to your not-so-inexpensive, bohemian flooring, they can be tortuously hard to clean up — not to mention stressful. Traditionally, rugs need to be professionally cleaned when stains occur, which gets expensive and time consuming. Due to this, many with kids or fur babies opt out of using rugs to avoid the mess. This is where machine washable rugs come into play. Washable rugs give parents or those who struggle to keep spills at bay, peace of mind so they can enjoy a fabulous carpet without the stress. All you need to do is throw your rug into the washer machine and carefully read through the brand’s recommendations on further instruction. Not only will this make your home look cleaner but this will also help remove germs that may collect on your rug overtime. In an effort to guide you in the right direction, The Post rounded up a dozen great companies that sell machine washable rugs below. Every rug sold by Ruggable is completely machine washable (with mild detergent and dry on low heat), lightweight, stain-resistant, water-resistant and designed to fit conveniently in your machines — no matter how big the rug is. Shop a variety of sizes and designs for both outdoor and indoor use. If you want a one-of-a-kind rug that doesn’t break the bank and can be washed in your machine, Revival Rugs is your best bet. In addition to curating restored vintage rugs, they offer original, design-centric rugs fresh off the loom. Like their vintage predecessors, these pieces are made by hand and intended to withstand the test of time. The collection is made of eco-friendly materials including 100% organic cotton, recycled denim, and recycled polyester. Rugs USA is another excellent place to buy affordable and washable rugs for both indoors and outdoors. Plus, they’re usually on sale, too! Shop for your bedroom, living room, kitchen, bathroom, outdoor patio and more. If money is no object, West Elm’s washable rug collection is the way to go. The midcentury modern company offers a chic array of rugs, many of which are handcrafted by skilled artisans around the world. Wayfair has hundreds of washable options available in so many different styles and sizes. The best part? They almost always have a sale so that you can find good-quality rugs at affordable prices. Amazon sells just about everything these days, so why would they stop at machine washable rugs? Browse the powerhouse’s website for a plethora of rugs that come in many different textures and styles, including this fuzzy option pictured above. No matter what budget or style you’re working with, Target is the place to shop for your next washable rug. Their brands include NuLOOM, Treshold and more. No matter what look washable rug you’re going for, Rugs Direct most likely has what you’re looking for — from geometric to Persian rugs, they’ve got it all. Pottery Barn definitely won’t let you down when it comes to washable rugs. The brand features a variety of timeless styles that you won’t tire of and will last for many years to come. Walmart has a wide variety of washable rugs that a great for both indoor and outdoor use including brands like NuLOOM, Camilson, Better Homes & Gardens, Ruggable, Nicole Curtis and more. As one of the top furniture and home retailers of the country, it’s no surprise that Overstock sells a great selection of washable rugs. Whatever room you’re shopping for (kitchen, bathroom, living room, bedroom, etc.) Overstock has you covered. For the parents reading this in desperate need of the perfect rug that your little one won’t ruin, consider Pottery Barn Kids’ collection of washable rugs. Shopping for a teen? Pottery Barn Teen also has a great selection. For more content, check out the New York Post Shopping section.