The Islanders knew there would be a backlash to not wearing rainbow warm-ups on Pride Night with what’s happened recently around the league. But there are key differences in how they went about the evening versus the Rangers and Flyers, both of whom got into hot water over the same issue. The Rangers publicly said they would wear the warm-ups, then did not. The Flyers wore them, but one player, Ivan Provorov, declined to do so, stating his religious beliefs. The Islanders were up front in saying they would not wear the warm-ups and have not in the past — in that sense, Thursday’s game against the Canucks was not a reversal, so much as staying in neutral. In the Islanders’ case, the decision was not player-led but an organizational stance. “For us here in this room, we take care of what we can here and obviously very supportive of the LGBTQ+ community and do what we can to include them in our game,” captain Anders Lee told The Post on Thursday morning. “Doing our best to support them, not just at the rink or showing up at hockey games but in the community, being just a respectful human.” The Islanders included in their Pride Night a series of fundraisers including the LGBT Network and the New York Gay Hockey Association. However, specialized warm-ups are usually auctioned off — and since the Isles didn’t wear them for Pride Night, that didn’t happen. The team cited its organizational policy in explaining the decision not to wear the rainbow warm-ups. The only three specialized warm-ups the Islanders wear — Hockey Fights Cancer, Military and St. Patrick’s Day — are those produced by the league. “It’s important that [the LGBTQ+ community] feel welcome in our game,” Lee said. “Their group is a part of everyday life just like everyone else. They’re good people. There’s good people all over. If we can support them in any way we can to help them with our game in hockey, anything that they want to be a part of, they should be welcome with open arms.” Samuel Bolduc drew in for Sebastian Aho on the third pair, skating next to Noah Dobson against the Canucks. It was the first time since Oct. 20 that Aho was a healthy scatch. “The more [games] I get, the more I get comfortable,” Bolduc, who skated in his sixth NHL game, told The Post. “The more experience I’ll get, the more time I’m gonna have to learn the players that I play with. It’s gonna be more [of a] benefit for me. I’m gonna know where they’re gonna be every time.” Alexander Romanov returned to the lineup after missing Tuesday’s game for personal reasons.