Prince of wails? Following last month’s release of Prince Harry’s shocking memoir, “Spare,” his estranged brother, Prince William, reportedly needs to cool off before reaching a reconciliation. “William is the one who is most upset and needs time to calm down,” a source close to the royal household told People about the book’s fallout. The insider continued: “He has been painted as hot-headed and unsympathetic.” “But I don’t think he will back down — it’s whether they can move beyond it and accept that they view things differently,” the source added. Valentine Low, author of “Courtiers: The Hidden Power Behind the Crown,” told People that William, 40, “will be furious about the betrayals of confidences” in print. Low claims the royal family “didn’t want to fan the flames of the rift and the dispute” by releasing a statement about the book that would “prolong it.” “They wanted it to calm down as soon as possible. The longer it goes on, the less hope there is for reconciliation,” Low said. In “Spare,” Harry, 38, calls William his “arch-nemesis” and writes extensively about their tense relationship. “Good Morning America” anchor Michael Strahan sat down with the Duke of Sussex for a one-on-one interview last month that touched on that hot-button topic. “There’s a quote in the book where you refer to your brother as your ‘beloved brother and arch-nemesis,’ ” Strahan said. “Strong words. What did you mean by that?” “There has always been this competition between us, weirdly,” Harry responded at the time. “I think it really plays into — or is played by — the ‘heir, spare.’ ” Elsewhere in the 400-page opus, Harry alleged the Prince of Wales threw him on the floor, leaving him bruised. The tiff reportedly occurred two months before he and his wife, Meghan Markle, left the royal family in January 2020. William reportedly called Markle, 41, “difficult,” “rude” and “abrasive,” and Harry said he fired back. The Invictus Games founder revealed he clapped back by saying his elder brother was acting like an heir. The two exchanged insults. “He grabbed me by the collar, ripping my necklace, and he knocked me to the floor. I landed on the dog’s bowl, which cracked under my back, the pieces cutting into me. I lay there for a moment, dazed, then got to my feet and told him to get out,” Harry wrote. Harry’s book was initially supposed to be about 800 pages of royal tea, however, he claims he cut “Spare” in half. He told the Telegraph last month he had loads more stories about William and their father, King Charles. He said he decided not to publish certain anecdotes “that I just don’t want the world to know. Because I don’t think they would ever forgive me.”