In the information-technology world, you learn quickly that the most likely way a company will get hacked is not through exploiting systems but instead by exploiting people. Even the most intelligent people are capable of being scammed because they believe they’re incapable of being scammed. I’m no different. I was scammed years ago after purchasing a used Audi off Craigslist — which broke down on me in the middle of Garden State Parkway traffic. But not every scam presents itself as an immediate monetary reward. Sometimes it’s a method to deceptively sway public perception to help protect assets and reputation.It’s a low-investment, high-reward boutique-public-relations scheme perpetrated by the wealthiest Americans, like NBA player Steph Curry, to swindle the public into gaining constant favorability: It’s called social-justice aristocratic activism. Recently, Steph Curry and his wife, Ayesha, who have campaigned for President Biden and Black Lives Matter, opposed the development of multi-family housing in Atherton, Calif., which was ranked first as the priciest ZIP code last year. The Currys sent a letter to the town stating, “We hesitate to add to the ‘not in our backyard’ (literally) rhetoric, but we wanted to send a note before today’s meeting. Safety and privacy for us and our kids continues to be our top priority and one of the biggest reasons we chose Atherton as home.” “We kindly ask that the town adopts the new housing element without the inclusion of 23 Oakwood. Should that not be sufficient for the state, we ask that the town commits to investing in considerably taller fencing and landscaping to block sight lines onto our family’s property.” America’s aristocrat activists understand that modern activism requires mostly lip service for a noble cause that you claim to care about, and as long as you toss some tax-write-off pennies towards a nondescript nonprofit, you can remain on your throne unscathed. Steph Curry and many of his economic ilk have scammed the public into believing that their public persona as the righteous warrior for equality is the same as their private persona. They are willing to bloviate in the media about their fight for the advancement of the common man but will do everything possible to not live near us; they had a moat surrounding castles for a reason. Social-justice aristocrats want you to believe that the only inequality that matters is based on immutable characteristics like skin color to distract you from questioning the inequality in wealth that exists within our country. You’re supposed to be vigilant about the ratio of superficial diversity in your surroundings but take no interest in class diversity and its impact on our society. In a housing-starved state like California, opportunities for regular people to find a place to call home and for children to rest their heads at night are harder to come by. I’ve been that child who didn’t have a permanent residence, temporarily sleeping in hotel rooms and a homeless shelter. Now this so-called humanitarian is attempting to get rid of that possibility for others by leveraging his wealth and notoriety to prevent regular people from having a small piece of what he has: a safe home to call theirs. Steph Curry doesn’t have to live next to “commoners” if he doesn’t want to, and he has more than enough resources to ensure that he doesn’t. But don’t project yourself as someone who cares about the quality of life that Americans experience when you actively work to destroy it. Adam B. Coleman is the author of “Black Victim to Black Victor” and founder of Wrong Speak Publishing. Follow him on Substack: adambcoleman.substack.com.