They almost became the “Imprisoned Jokers.” While filming Season 10 of “Impractical Jokers” in a Gramercy parking garage, Brian “Q” Quinn and guest star Post Malone almost got driven to jail. The two posed as parking attendants at Little Man Parking on E. 22nd Street, which was in on the joke. But the customers were not — and one ultimately called the cops. “Thankfully they were fans of the show,” said James “Murr” Murray of the arriving police. “We almost got Q and Post Malone arrested.” In the episode, Malone pretends to have smoked pot in an unsuspecting customer’s car. “Boss, thanks for letting me smoke that up in there, man,” the rapper says to Quinn in front of the bewildered customer, coughing as smoke billows out of the vehicle. Another disgruntled patron placed the NYPD call but was forgiving after he learned he was on the hidden-camera show. “The guy who called the cops actually had a very generous attitude about it once we told him what was going on,” Quinn explained. For the new season,  premiering on truTV and TBS on Feb. 9, the comics were filmed in every borough, a welcome return after a lot of controlled shoots in New Jersey during the pandemic. “You’re gonna see us in New York City supermarkets again and delis and like all the places that we used to,” said Quinn. “We were able to shoot back in Tompkins Square Park.” And they’re already spitballing ideas for a series finale. “One day, many years from now, when the show ends, the loser is forced to go back to high school,” said Murray. “Like you go to school every day … in your late 40s.” For these three pranksters, the classroom re-do would likely be at Monsignor Farrell High School on Staten Island, where they first met in 1990. The trio, all 46, credits the improv club at the all-boys school in Oakwood for putting them on the road to success. “I don’t know where this would have ended up exactly if I didn’t take improv in high school and fall in love with that and then also start doing it with each other,” Sal Vulcano told The Post. “I mean, I don’t know if this goes the same way.” The forgotten borough is honoring its goofy sons by declaring Feb. 6 and every first Monday in February moving forward as Impractical Jokers Day. “Are we getting paid for this in some way?” asked Murray. “I’ll tell you what … I’ll take maybe one free Verrazzano toll per month. That’ll be worth it.” “I think we get a giant key to Staten Island,” added Quinn, who hopes it will gain him entry to “a mysterious cave in the center of Staten Island [where] Cornelius Vanderbilt is still alive.” Another celebrity guest this season is John Mayer, who sent the troupe its first fan email in 2011. “We didn’t believe it was from him,” explained Murray. “We’re like, ‘BS. This is not John Mayer. Send us proof of life.’ And five minutes later he sends us a photo of him holding up a picture of us on his iPad.” Now, over a decade later, the guys can’t even take the subway without getting recognized. “It’s a mixture of just like bear hugging us and making us call their wives or just telling us what we need to do on the show,” said Vulcano of their fan encounters. Most also assume they are on TV whenever they see them. “I was at a Giants game … at halftime [at the] urinal,” said Murray. “And the guy to my left leans over, whispers in my ear, and says, ‘Am I on TV right now?'”