The Caesars Sportsbook promo code NPBONUSFULL unlocks a $1,250 first bet “on Caesars” for all new users. If you’re in Ohio, you can get the same offer but up to $1,500, with Caesars Sportsbook promo code NPBONUS1BET. That means if your first wager on the platform loses, you’ll get refunded whatever you lost in bonus bets. So if your first bet is $200 on the Grizzlies -5 and it loses, you’ll get $200 back in bonus bets. You’ll then have to wager those and win those bets to turn them into cash. Let’s learn how to claim these offers and go over Tuesday night’s NBA slate New Caesars Sportsbook bettors outside of Ohio can get up to $1,250 back if their first bet loses when they register with the promo code NPBONUSFULL. This is one of the best offers around, as it is $250 more than you would typically find at other online sportsbooks. How does this offer work? Make your first bet at Caesars, and if it loses, you’ll be refunded in bet credits up to $1,250. So if you put $200 on any spread of the teams we detail below at -110 odds, you’ll profit about $181 if it wins. You’ll then have $381 in your account; that’s real cash. If that first bet loses, you’ll bet $200 in bet credits back. You then must use the bet credits on any wager and turn them into cash. But you don’t keep the bet credit amount. So if you put $50 in credits on Portland +3 and it wins, you’ll take the profit of about $45. The NBA is back with another loaded Tuesday night slate. There are ten games slated to tip-off, but there is one that is appointment television. Ja Morant and the Memphis Grizzlies will play host to LeBron James and the Los Angeles Lakers. The Lakers have looked good coming out of the break, as they just picked up a massive victory over the new-look Dallas Mavericks. The same can be said about the Grizzlies. They are currently second in the Western Conference, but their latest victory was over the only team in front of them, the Denver Nuggets. This meeting between two surging clubs is bound to be a great one.  New and existing players. 21+. Available in AZ, CO, IA, IL, IN, KS, LA, MI, NJ, NY, TN, VA, WV only. Full T&C apply.. If you’re looking to pad your bankroll, look no further than Caesars Sportsbook. Caesars offers loads of daily profit boosts. They come in all shapes and sizes, as they could be increasing the odds on straight bets, or boosting same-game parlays, or even giving you extra value with a three-team parlay on the day’s biggest favorites. However you like to bet, Caesars has you covered. So be sure to check out all the boosts they have to offer. For Ohio bettors: OH only. 21+. New users and first wager only. Must register with eligible promo code. Bet amount of qualifying wager returned only if wager is settled as a loss. Maximum bet credit $1,500; must be used within 14 days of receipt. See Caesars.com/promos for full terms. Void where prohibited. Know When To Stop Before You Start.® Gambling problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER.