Everything is bigger in Texas, unless you’re Kyrie Irving. The hoops star, who was raised in New Jersey, will have to leave behind some glam homes in his home state after being traded to the Dallas Mavericks from the Brooklyn Nets on Sunday. Irving, who has had several bouts of controversy with Nets owner Joe Tsai, owns two properties in the Garden State. In 2019, Irving, now 30, purchased a three-bedroom, two-bathroom penthouse loft in Union City — about a 40-minute drive to the Nets’ practice stadium in Brooklyn — for $925,000. Occupying 3,130 square feet, the property boasts sweeping New York City skyline views. Described as an “extremely rare true SoHo-style” loft, the residence features a keyed elevator, oversize windows, wide-plank hardwood floors, soaring 13-foot-high ceilings, original beams, exposed brick, original preserved industrial elements and a designer kitchen with stainless steel appliances. The open floor plan of the home boasts two expansive living areas. His sister, Asia Irving, also owns a unit in the same building, according to property records. Meanwhile, Irving has another place in West Orange — located outside of Newark. The point guard purchased this nine-bedroom, seven-bathroom estate four months before buying his Union City loft for $1.17 million, records obtained by The Post show. Spanning roughly 8,000 square feet, and pegged as a “mid-century contemporary gem,” the property is situated on 2 acres of land surrounded by mature trees and foliage. The home boasts cathedral ceilings, detailed moldings, and stone and hardwood floors. Features include both an indoor and outdoor pool, several entertaining spaces — and an open-concept living space. Built in 1967, the home has seen several renovations since, and is now worth an estimated $1.8 million. Sources told The Post that Irving was able to break his lease at his previous digs in Brooklyn Heights, where he was paying $17,000 a month during the pandemic. Around this time, he began living in Jersey more permanently. It is unclear what Irving plans to do with the properties now that his career has landed him in the Lone Star State. The Post has reached out for comment. Irving had indicated his displeasure with Nets in the weeks leading up to his trade. “I just know I wanna be places where I’m celebrated and not just tolerated or just dealt with in a way that doesn’t make me feel respected,” Irving said Tuesday, meeting with the media for the first time since being traded. “There were times throughout this process when I was in Brooklyn where I felt very disrespected … I work extremely hard at what I do. No one ever talks about my work ethic, though. Everyone talks about what I’m doing off the floor.”