Gracie Hunt is savoring the Chiefs’ Super Bowl triumph. Taking to Instagram on Monday, the daughter of Chiefs owner Clark Hunt reflected on a recent celebration following Kansas City’s championship win over the Philadelphia Eagles earlier this month. “Championship swagger activated,” Hunt began. “Loved getting to celebrate with so many friends who have been a part of the road to SBLVII.” The 23-year-old Maxim cover star added how she and her family are “so thankful for all of Chiefs Kingdom,” and that they’ll “keep celebrating the sweetness all the way up until we refocus at training camp (& even then when our new bling arrives!!)” In photos of the celebration, which was geotagged from Dallas on Instagram, Hunt can be seen modeling a yellow mini dress as she smiles with loved ones. It’s been a weekend filled with festivities for Hunt, who also attended the NFL 101 Awards on Saturday. The former Miss Kansas USA stepped out in a stunning red sheath for the big event, which honored “the best in the NFL.” “Inspired by the award recipients’ dedication, tireless work ethics, and how they exemplify excellence—congratulations on incredible seasons,” she gushed on Instagram. Members of the Chiefs were honored over the weekend, including quarterback Patrick Mahomes and defensive tackle Chris Jones, who were named the AFC Offensive Player of the Year and Defensive Player of the Year, respectively. Hunt and her family had a front-row seat to the Chiefs’ latest Super Bowl victory this month, when they topped the Eagles, 38-35, at State Farm Stadium in Arizona. “It shines bright like a diamond!” Hunt exclaimed afterward on Instagram, where she posted a photo of herself holding the Lombardi Trophy. The former soccer player then celebrated with the rest of Chiefs Kingdom during the team’s victory parade in Kansas City days later. “What a day Chiefs Kingdom!! KC was flooded in a sea of red,” Hunt shared on social media. “You are the best fans in the NFL and I loved getting to see everyone’s collective passion and joy. This championship is for you KC!” The Chiefs’ Super Bowl 2023 win marked the team’s second in four seasons. Kansas City previously defeated the San Francisco 49ers in Super Bowl 2020 in February of that year.