The New York Rangers are one of a few teams in the Eastern Conference in a tricky spot as we head down the stretch. The Blueshirts (like the Lightning and Maple Leafs) have a pretty good idea of where they’re going to finish in the standings and who they’ll face in Round 1 of the postseason. Of course, there’s still plenty of time left in the season, and things can change. Still, the Blueshirts are in third place in the Metropolitan Division, sitting six points behind the Devils for second in the Metro and two points – but with four games in hand – ahead of the Washington Capitals. It would take a lot for the Rangers to budge out of their current spot in the Metro. For the Calgary Flames, nothing is assured. The Flames were a trendy Stanley Cup pick before the season but are scrapping tooth and nail to get into the playoffs in the Western Conference. Calgary is currently tied with Colorado for the last Wild Card out West, but the Avs have two games in hand on the Flames. The same goes for the Minnesota Wild, who are a point better than the Flames entering the week. So even though this is a cross-conference encounter and their first game out of a lengthy break, this is a huge spot for the Flames to get something started in the second half. Calgary is a short +106 favorite at Madison Square Garden on Monday. 7:30 p.m. ET, ESPN+, and MSG Sometimes betting lines are more thought-provoking than anything else. That’s the case for the moneyline in this tilt between the Rangers and Flames. The Rangers’ pace is 10 points better than Calgary’s, they play in the tougher conference and are home, and yet they’re only -126 at the time of writing. But there does seem to be more than meets the eye for this Flames team. Despite only boasting the 13th-best goal difference at 5-on-5 this season, Calgary owns the third-best expected goals rate. That tells you two things. First, the Flames do a good job driving play in the right direction. And second, they’re struggling to finish. And the Flames finishing woes are concerning. If this was just a cold stretch, it would be one thing, but this issue has plagued them all season long. Calgary ranks 30th in shooting percentage in the NHL through 50 games. Their lack of finish is a legitimate concern. The Rangers, meanwhile, are not a great play-driving team. The Blueshirts rank 19th in expected goals rate and 20th in high-danger scoring chance rate, but they don’t need to create a ton of chances to get results thanks to their elite goaltender. The way these two teams play, one that does a great job owning the puck but can’t finish, and another that has no problem sitting back and countering, sets up for an intriguing chess match, but also for what should be a low-event contest. Scoring should be hard to come by at MSG on Monday night. Back the under. Under 5.5 (BetMGM)