Lying Rep. George Santos has named a new campaign treasurer days after the Federal Election Commission warned that his campaign was not allowed to raise funds or spend money without one. In an FEC filing posted on Tuesday, the Santos campaign listed Andrew Olson as the new treasurer. Olson is not currently serving as a treasurer for any other committees or campaigns, according to CNN. The Elmhurst, Queens address listed for Olson in the FEC filing is the same one that Santos has used as his own address in previous federal flings. It is also the same address where Tiffany Santos, the freshman lawmaker’s sister, failed to pay nearly $40,000 in rent payments before being evicted. Her dispute with her landlord was reportedly settled in court earlier this month. The Post has reached out to Olson for comment. Santos’ longtime treasurer, Nancy Marks, resigned last month as questions about the disgraced lawmaker’s muddled campaign finances mounted. She was also dumped by another longtime client, former New York Rep. Lee Zeldin, after Santos’ campaign lies came to light. FEC filings show that the Santos campaign initially attempted to replace Marks with Ohio-based political operative Thomas Datwyler, who says he didn’t agree to take the job despite being listed as treasurer on campaign paperwork. A lawyer for Datwyler said last month that “there appears to be some disconnect” between conversations Datwyler had with Santos’ team and what was filed with the FEC. Santos is facing a slew of criminal probes, with investigators reportedly interested in his campaign finances. Of particular interest is a campaign loan of more than $700,000 from Santos’ personal finances that came despite him declaring a salary of only $55,000 as recently as 2020. Santos said during an interview last week that the loan was “100% legitimately my money” and originated from his “business practices.” He is also facing scrutiny over several $199.99 expenses listed on his campaign finance disclosures that he argues may have been “clerical errors.” The expenditures are a penny below the $200 threshold for FEC itemization.