The Tennessee cop fired over her numerous sexual romps with other officers claims in a new federal lawsuit that superiors in her department “sexually groomed” her for the risqué escapades. Maegan Hall, 26, who blamed a troubled marriage for her randy affairs, claims she felt trapped and exploited in the midst of the all-male ranks of the La Vergne Police Department, according to her 51-page federal complaint filed Monday. “Where Ms. Hall sought role models at her new job, she instead found predators,” the lawsuit says. “In place of offering professional development, her supervisors and the chief of police groomed her for sexual exploitation. “They colluded in using their authority to systematically disarm her resistance and entrap her in degrading and abusive sexual relationships, even sharing tips on the best ways to manipulate and exploit her.” The suit claims Hall, who had a history of mental illness, “felt trapped,” and “in an attempt to escape, she nearly killed herself.” Hall was fired in January after word of the steamy sexcapades with five other cops became public — with those officers also terminated from the department. In an interview during an internal investigation, the young cop admitted she performed sex acts on duty and on police property, and had a threesome with one cop and his wife. Hall told the investigator she “got stupid” and “got desperate” in the midst of a divorce. In her federal lawsuit, Hall, who was 24 when she first applied for a job on the force in 2020, claims she first became sexually involved with Sgt. Lewis Powell early last year. “Sgt. Powell learned that Ms. Hall was going through the process of buying a home with her husband and that this process was extremely taxing on their relationship,” the lawsuit said. “Sgt. Powell positioned himself as a reliable source of companionship and advice regarding Ms. Hall’s career and her marriage. “Sgt. Powell persisted in requests for sex despite Ms. Hall’s resistance,” it said. “Eventually, Ms. Hall gave in to Sgt. Powell’s requests for sexual favors.” She said when she tried to break off the affair, Powell threatened to kill himself. Hall said the “exploitative sexual relationship” with Powell led to other sexual encounters involving other La Vergne cops — Larry Holladay, Patrick Magliocco, Ty McGowan, Juan Lugo-Perez, Gavin Schoeberl and Detective Seneca Shields. Powell, Lugo-Perez, McGowan and Shields were fired over the sexcapades. The other cops kept their jobs but were suspended. Earlier this month, La Vergne Police Chief Burrel “Chip” Davis was also fired. Hall claims the chief “encouraged this behavior and shared in the pornography and sexual fantasy of mutually abusing Ms. Hall with his trusted supervisor, Ty McGowan.” She said Davis once asked her to come into his office to “dance” for him, tried to get her to agree to “lunch dates,” and described her clothing as “hot girl summer s–t.” The lawsuit, filed in US District Court in the Middle District of Tennessee, names the city of La Vergne, Powell, McGowan and Davis as defendants. It seeks an unspecified amount in damages for lost wages, medical expenses, mental suffering, emotional distress and “reputational harm.” A spokeswoman for La Vergne declined to comment on Tuesday and told The Post that the city does not comment on pending litigation.