SAINT PAUL, Minn. — Lou Lamoriello had another move up his sleeve. Nearly a full month after adding Bo Horvat, the Islanders’ general manager got the wing rental he’d been looking for, shipping a 2024 third-round pick to the Maple Leafs in exchange for Pierre Engvall. “We’re extremely pleased,” Lamoriello said ahead of Tuesday’s game against the Wild. “Pierre is a very versatile player. He’ll bring a dimension that he can play any one of the forward positions and probably his biggest asset is his skating ability. He’s got a long reach being 6 [foot]-5, 220 [pounds].” Engvall, who was in Seattle with the Maple Leafs, could not get to Saint Paul in time for Tuesday’s game, but is expected to be in the lineup for Saturday’s match against Detroit . Drafted by Toronto in 2014, the 26-year-old was in the organization for the entirety of Lamoriello’s tenure there, though he made his NHL debut after the GM left for the Islanders. When the Islanders, who are currently missing Jean-Gabriel Pageau and Mathew Barzal, get healthy, Engvall will likely play in the bottom-six, as he did with the Maple Leafs. For the time being, though, he could end up just about anywhere in the lineup, with Lamoriello emphasizing that he can play all three forward positions. Pageau, Lamoriello said, has begun skating and is considered day-to-day. Engvall has 12 goals and nine assists in 58 games with the Leafs this season, easily fitting into the mix for the Isles, who have struggled to get production from their wingers. Anders Lee and Zach Parise are the only players on the team with more goals than that this season who have primarily played on the wing. With 18 games left in the regular season after Tuesday’s match against the Wild, the primary reason for acquiring Engvall was to help with the Isles’ playoff push this season. Whether the Isles ultimately re-sign the winger, who makes $2.25 million this season before hitting unrestricted free agency, will depend on a series of factors, with his performance presumably atop the list. “We’ll take it one thing at a time,” Lamoriello said of that possibility. “He’s certainly an individual that you’d like to keep in your organization. Certainly with the style he plays and his speed. I can’t overemphasize his speed.” It is also not clear whether Lamoriello is finished, with the trade deadline not until Friday, and he laughed off a question to that effect Tuesday, joking that he didn’t know. The cap space, though, is there to use. After acquiring Engvall, the Islanders had $4.9 million free as of Tuesday, which was set to accrue to as high as $5.2 million if things stayed constant until Friday, per CapFriendly. “I think it’s my job to give our group as best a chance [possible] to have success,” Lamoriello said. “And I think with the recent injuries that we’ve had, we’ve certainly done everything that’s expected. And I think this gives a little extra support.”