Ben Affleck needed a large cup of Dunkin’ coffee at the Grammys. The internet went crazy over Affleck, 50, on Sunday — and not because everyone got another Bennifer moment. While sitting next to his wife Jennifer Lopez, 53, at the 2023 Grammy Awards, the “Good Will Hunting” star looked as though he wanted to be anywhere else. “However bad of a day you’re having, I promise you’re not as miserable as Ben Affleck at the Grammys right now,” a reporter tweeted. “Someone get Ben Affleck a cigarette and a Dunkin’ coffee stat,” someone else wrote. “Whoever keeps cutting to Ben Affleck as he gets more and more exasperated, thank you,” another said. “Ben affleck is translating benito’s speech for jlo,” one person quipped. “Ben Affleck at the Grammys is me any time I have to be on a zoom call,” a fan joked. “Ben Affleck looks like he’s thinking about the best sandwich he ever ate in his life and then remembering that place closed down,” another tweeted. “Ben Affleck is every introvert everywhere. You can see his batteries draining in real time. Man is already at 23%,”  someone said. “Ben Affleck is so consistent in his misery I almost have to admire it,” one fan wrote. “Ben Affleck is me as a kid being dragged somewhere I didn’t want to go,” another tweeted. “Ben Affleck is absolutely texting his group chat full of guys named Fitz, Little Fitz, and Barfo stuff like ‘Can’t talk. At a work thing with Jen.’ from the Grammys,” comedian Josh Gondelman wrote. “The Grammys is worth watching rn if only for the cuts to Ben Affleck looking like an awkward dad who drew the short stick for taking his daughter and her friends to a concert of an artist he’s never heard of,” one fan joked. Affleck began the night merely smirking during Trevor Noah’s opening monologue roast. Later on during the ceremony though, he seemed cheery when talking with actor Adrien Brody and was animated during their lively conversation. Even though Affleck looked like he was “dragged to a work thing by his wife” while seated watching the show, J.Lo had an exciting night. The singer made a surprise appearance to present the Grammy for Best Pop Vocal Album, which went to Harry Styles for “Harry’s House.”