Finally, you can “Shout At The Devil” and “Pour Some Sugar On Me” all in the same night. No, it’s not ’80s night at your local sports bar — Mötley Crüe and Def Leppard have nine huge U.S. shows as part of their upcoming 2023 “World Tour.” To kickstart things, the co-headliners will play two nights in a row at Atlantic City’s Etess Arena at Hard Rock Hotel and Casino on Friday, Feb. 10 and Saturday, Feb. 11. Seven months later, the hair metal icons will return to the Northeast and perform all their hits at Syracuse’s JMA Wireless Dome on Aug. 5 where they’ll be joined by Rock and Roll Hall of Fame inductee Alice Cooper who is playing with them for a handful of shows later into the run. And while this tour may seem like business as usual for these veterans who have been on the road for nearly a half century, not everything will be the same. Playing alongside singer Vince Neil, bassist Nikki Sixs and drummer Tommy Lee in Mötley Crüe will be new guitarist John 5 who replaces the recently-retired Mick Mars. How much do tickets cost for each show? Who is John 5? Does Def Leppard have any new music? Keep reading — we’ve got all the details you need for Mötley Crüe and Def Leppard’s 2023 World Tour.  A complete calendar including all upcoming North American tour dates, venues, special guests and the cheapest tickets available for each concert can be found below. (Note: The New York Post confirmed all above prices at the publication time. All prices are subject to fluctuation and include additional fees at checkout.) Vivid Seats is a verified secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand. They offer a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and your tickets will be delivered prior to the event.  In late October 2022, Mötley Crüe announced Mick Mars’ retirement saying, “While change is never easy, we accept Mick’s decision to retire from the band due to the challenges with his help.” They added, “No doubt it will take an outstanding musician to fill Mick’s shoes so we are grateful that our good friend, John 5 has agreed to come on board and join us moving forward.” Mars’ replacement, John 5, was the lead guitarist for Rob Zombie prior to coming on with the Crüe this year. The 52-year-old, who has recorded ten studio albums, has also played with David Lee Roth and Marilyn Manson. Over the years, John 5 has been known to incorporate some of Mötley Crüe’s biggest hits into his set list having played “Kickstart My Heart,” “Home Sweet Home,” and “Shout at the Devil” live.  The Crüe has inspired both filmmakers and television show runners over the past few years. In 2019, Netflix released the band’s salacious biopic “The Dirt” which featured Colson Baker aka Machine Gun Kelly as Tommy Lee and “SNL” alum Pete Davidson in a small role. Entertainment Weekly issued the film a clear-eyed, honest review saying “…for two hours it’s a nostalgic blast to sit back and revel in the idiocy of these glorious, big-haired jackasses.” Three years later, the story of Tommy Lee’s whirlwind romance with Pamela Anderson and subsequent fallout after their sex tape was seen by the world served as the genesis for the eight-episode Hulu series “Pam and Tommy” starring Lily James and Sebastian Stan in the titular roles. Rounding out the cast are big names like Seth Rogen, Nick Offerman, Andrew Dice Clay, Jason Mantzoukas and Fred Hechinger. “Pam and Tommy” is not just a standard re-enactment — the show is also a critique of mass media and Lee himself as well as a loving homage to late ’90s, on the cusp of the internet America.  Although Mötley Crüe hasn’t released a new studio album comprised of original music since 2008’s “Saints of Los Angeles,” Rock and Roll Hall of Famers Def Leppard have been plugging away in the studio regularly putting out new music. In 2023, lead singer Joe Elliott collaborated with Ghost on their latest single “Spillways.” Last year, the band released their 12th studio album “Diamond Star Halos.” Made up of 15 tracks, Elliott, Rick Savage, Rick Allen, Phil Collen and Vivian Campbell harken back to the golden days of anthems, ballads and sing-a-longs. You can hear the bombastic record in all its glory here.  Ah, yes, the ’80s. A simpler time when MTV dominated the airwaves, folks drank New Coke and cellphones were as big as bricks. We wish we could time travel like Marty McFly back there now. Unfortunately, while that’s not possible (yet), you can do the next best thing and catch many of the decade’s biggest stars on tour in 2023. Here are just five of our favorite can’t miss acts from the ’80s that may be coming to an arena or stadium near you in the next few months. • Madonna • Bruce Springsteen and the E Street Band • Metallica • REO Speedwagon • Billy Idol Prefer to go back in time a bit further? Check out our list of the 22 biggest classic rockers on tour in 2023 here.