Although this year’s groundhog didn’t quite see its shadow on that hopeful day in early February, we still have our eyes on spring. Without a shadow of a doubt, this year’s springtime fashion — from oversized blazers and colette-style work pants to pastel dresses and elevated athleisure — is bound to be one worth talking about. We’re following the trends and have our alerts on high for this year’s latest styles and, much to our delight, top brands like J.Crew, Madewell and Target have already started its spring collection drops. Ahead, we rounded up all the sought-after, buzzy brands worth shopping from, along with a few styles from each to get you going. After all, your warm-weather wardrobe is just around the corner, waiting for you. For elevated, feel-good workwear, you can’t go wrong with M.M.La.Fleur. Its spring soiree of investment-worthy pieces have us on the edge of our seats wanting to buy them, like its brand-new ‘Jardigan’ (aka, the hybrid of your best jacket and sworn-in cardigan), alongside moody tones and nods of floral patterns. Shop all M.M.LaFleur. J.Crew truly puts the C in Classic, and we adore its latest Sun Shop, a curated collection of lightweight camisoles, dresses and every on-trend beach accessory you can think of. Picture it as all of the resort wear you didn’t know you needed (but actually do). Shop all J.Crew. Madewell just dropped a blissful collection of magazine-ready pieces, like its stripped wide-leg pants and linen layering staples. Not to mention, its flagship, customer-favorite denim is yours for the taking. Shop all Madewell. When in doubt, head to Amazon for affordable picks with ample variety (read: best Amazon fashion items). From transitional weather grabs to chiffon blouses in beautiful hues, you don’t want to miss out on the mega-retailer for all things springtime. Shop all Amazon. As one of our favorite brands (especially if you’re all about the florals like we are), head to Lulus for the most vacation-ready outfits you’ll find. From toss-on rompers to brunch-ready blouses of all shapes and sizes, the brand’s latest spring collection is one you’ll be swooning over. Shop all Lulus. Target is the hidden gem as far as spring collections go, and its Spring Break Essentials edit is one to head to ASAP. From casual and versatile dresses to swimwear that already hit the online shop (and in-store shelves), the brand is all set for a budget-friendly spring. Shop all Target. Hello, storybook colors. Everlane’s “Spring into Color” drop has us wanting even more (though we’re already colored obsessed with its moss green and apricot orange). From stripes to textured knits, grab everything you can find before it sells out. Shop all Everlane. Free People is the boho brand of our dreams, and it’s new arrivals are even dreamier. From high-waisted bikini sets to frilly, photo-worthy dresses, it’s the perfect online browse ahead of your next getaway. Shop all Free People. OK, we’re beyond obsessed with all the frills, stunning colors and incredible quality Petal & Pup has to offer. Whether you’re off to a backyard wedding or hitting a palm tree-lined resort soon, you surely don’t want to let these compliment-worthy styles pass you by. Shop all Petal & Pup. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.