Nas is in a “N.Y. State of Mind.” Now more than 30 years into his storied career, the hip-hop icon is finally playing New York City’s Madison Square Garden for the first time on Friday, Feb. 24. The show, celebrating Nas’ Grammy-winning “The King’s Disease Trilogy,” isn’t part of a larger tour either. This MSG gig is a one-off for the Queens native. Given the historic nature of the event, tickets can be secured for fairly cheap too. At the time of publication, we found seats going for as low as $55 before fees on Vivid Seats. Want to get closer to the “Illimatic” legend? Lower-level seats can be found for $131 before fees. $323 before fees is the cheapest floor seat available. All prices are subject to fluctuation.  In 2020, Nas released the 13-track “The King’s Disease” with producer Hitboy and subsequently won his first Grammy in the process. Featuring soulful samples, tight flows and top-notch verses from Charlie Wilson, Big Sean, Don Toliver, Lil Durk, Anderson .Paak and more, the record set the stage for “The King’s Disease II.” The 2021 album was just as well received as the first “King’s Disease” and nabbed a nominated for Best Rap Album but lost to Tyler, The Creator’s “Call Me If You Get Lost.” Finally, in November 2022, Nas’ “The King’s Disease III,” the first album in the trilogy to not include any guest appearances, dropped. If you want to hear all three, you can check out all three “King’s Disease” offerings here.  Unlike other stars who perform the same songs every night, Nas refuses to stick to a script. Yes, you’ll likely hear the hits like “If I Ruled The World,” “Nas Is Like” and “N.Y. State Of Mind” but in what order? We can’t say for certain. All we know is the best way to find out what Nas has up his sleeve is live. If you want to comb through the archives, you can see what Nas has played at recent gigs as well as his very first show ever in 1993 on Set List FM.  The year is young but a ton of exciting hip-hop tours in the next few months have already been announced. Here are just five of our favorites we can’t wait to see. • Lil Wayne • Future • Legendz of the Streetz with Rick Ross • Ice Cube • A Boogie Wit Da Hoodie Want to see who else is on the road this year? Check out our list of the 52 biggest concert tours in 2023 here.