King Charles III was reportedly persistent in begging his mother, Queen Elizabeth, to label his wife Camilla a queen, rather than “queen consort.” Christopher Anderson, author of “The King: The Life of Charles III,” claimed that 74-year-old Charles “hammered away relentlessly at the late queen for 17 years, pleading with her to endorse Camilla as queen and not merely consort.” “Toward the end of her life the queen did just that, quite reluctantly I’m told, and it was a shock to Diana’s sons,” he told Fox News. The Queen died in September 2022, and just months before her passing, she expressed her “sincere wish” that 75-year-old Camilla — Charles’ former mistress — should be known as queen consort. It was reported on Feb. 25 that “well-placed sources” at Buckingham Palace said that Camilla will be referenced as “queen” following Charles’ coronation on May 6. The author went on to note how “queen consort” is not a title that has really existed in the past. “The wife of the king is, of course, his consort, but she is also, simply, the queen,” he said. “I’ve never ceased to be amazed at how gullible both the British press and public were on this issue,” the writer said. Andersen claimed that the British public always held a “special place in their hearts for the woman who they felt was robbed of the title [of Queen]” — namely, Princess Diana. The late Princess of Wales was married to Charles from 1981 until 1996, and they had a tumultuous relationship over the years. She died in 1997 in a car crash in Paris. The author also stated how Charles’ sons, Prince William and Prince Harry, believed that the monarch “would honor his original pledge out of respect for their late mother.” Andersen explained that it was Charles’ affair with Camilla that caused Diana much heartbreak and pain and led to the conclusion of their marriage. “[The affair] set into motion the chain of events that eventually led to Diana’s death. In the end, Charles and Camilla have gotten everything they always wanted,” Andersen claimed. Diana famously spoke up about her ex-husband’s affair in a 1995 Panorama interview, in which she boldly declared: “There were three of us in this marriage, so it was a bit crowded.”