Britney Spears is assuring her overprotective fans that her loneliness isn’t killing her. The 41-year-old pop icon addressed rumors Friday that she’s struggling with her mental health and needing an intervention, while admitting she takes Prozac for depression “and that’s about it.” “I didn’t die, people. I didn’t die,” Spears emphasized in a clip posted to Instagram. The statement comes a day after TMZ quoted a source “in regular contact with Britney” who warned, “I’m afraid she’s gonna die.” “I’m here, I’m alive, yeah, I’m very much alive and well, and I’ve got my fur here,” Spears said as she showed off her white shawl accessory in Friday’s video. “You see I’m feeling myself? Yeah, feelin’ myself,” she sing-songed Nicki Minaj and Beyoncé’s 2014 hit. “I’m here. I’m happy, and I’m well, and that’s it. That’s it. Liberty skip-skip-skip-skip-skip,” she signed off. The “Toxic” singer provided fans with more assurance of her well-being in the video’s caption. “This week in the news it said that I almost died and that I have a manager and ‘doctors’ !!!” Spears wrote. “I don’t have a management team nor will I ever again in my life !!! I don’t have ‘medical doctors’ !!! I take Prozac for depression and that’s about it !!! I’m an extremely boring person !!!” “It frustrates me to know that any news outlet would say any of this !!! It’s worse than a cruel joke because people actually believe this stuff and all of my efforts in getting better with my little routine of prayer and therapy seems to not count for anything when people can say things that are incredibly wrong !!!” she continued, referencing the public’s ongoing interest in her post-conservatorship life. “Anyways change of the subject … enough drama … I’m into diamond gowns and funky fashion at the moment !!! Good Morning !!!!!” Spears concluded. The Post has contacted Spears’ attorney for comment. Her video follows Page Six’s confirmation Thursday that Spears’ family and friends were in talks to host an intervention for the pop star over a medication-related issue. But a source told the outlet that the intervention never took place because it was deemed “unnecessary.” “Unfortunately, there is a lot of hysteria in the media right now, but Britney is fine, and much of this has been overblown and grossly distorted,” the insider shared. According to TMZ, Spears did agree to meet with a doctor — although it is unknown if it was a therapist or physician — and the meeting “went well.” Spears denied she was in need of an intervention Thursday, sharing on Instagram, “It makes me sick to my stomach that it’s even legal for people to make up stories that I almost died.” She added that she’s doing “the best she can” and that she probably has to stop posting on Instagram because “there’s obviously a lot of people who don’t wish me well !!!” Her husband, Sam Asghari, 28, also addressed the rumors in a Thursday statement to “Access Hollywood,” claiming his wife “is in full control of her life and will continue to make all decisions involving her care regardless of circumstances.” “Speculation on her health is inappropriate and should end immediately,” he noted. Just last month, Spears was filmed getting upset while fans recorded her at a restaurant. Weeks later, fans called the police to perform a wellness check on the “Stronger” star after she deleted her Instagram. Officials confirmed to Page Six at the time that Spears was not in any kind of danger. Spears later said that her fans had gone “too far” by calling the police. Spears has famously struggled with mental health challenges in the past. In 2007, the then-25-year-old songstress took a razor to her brown locks when a stylist refused, coming out of a salon bald. Shortly after, amidst her split from Kevin Federline, she was swarmed by paparazzi at a gas station, and in retaliation, smashed a photographer’s car with an infamous green umbrella. She was also admitted to a mental health facility in 2019.