Get you a man who can do both. Ben Affleck starred in Dunkin’s first Super Bowl commercial, and the coffee company has released outtakes showing the star’s hilarious behind-the-scenes moments. In the commercial, Affleck works a Dunkin’ drive-thru window in Medford, Massachusetts, serving doughnuts and coffee to unsuspecting customers while sporting an employee uniform with a headset, black visor and an “America Runs on Dunkin’” shirt. The “Good Will Hunting” star shows off his silly side and his struggles working behind the register in the blooper reel. The outtakes show Affleck, 50, rapidly reciting a very complicated breakfast order, causing the customer to question, “Are you alright this morning?” — unaware that on the other side of the intercom is the director and star of “Argo.” “I’m struggling,” Affleck says in one blooper, moments before he accidentally knocks over a coffee in a customer’s car. “I can’t make it function — malfunction!” the Academy Award winner exclaims. “Not as easy as it looks operating this apparatus.” The former Cambridge, Massachusetts, resident even gets personal with the coffee lovers in the drive-thru, asking one how his mother and father are doing before sending him off with his order. At one point, Affleck trolls a customer, telling him they’re out of both doughnuts and coffee and the only thing they got is water, to which the patron replies, “You’re s – – tting me.” “I’m trying to compensate with comedy for my ineptitude,” the actor admits. And if one outtake video wasn’t enough, Dunkin’ released an even further extended version of this particular scene where Affleck continues to tell this customer, “We got no sandwiches and no muffins. And no cold brew, espressos, teas, beverages, frozen Coolatas.” The outtakes end with Affleck admitting that he’s “not your typical Dunkin’ technician” and that there’s usually someone “smarter” working. The commercial first aired Sunday during Super Bowl 2023 — which saw the Kansas City Chiefs defeat the Philadelphia Eagles — and even featured a cameo from Affleck’s wife Jennifer Lopez, 53. When Lopez pulls up to the drive-thru, she questions her husband, “What are you doing here? Is this what you do when you say you’re going to work all day?” Affleck, who just got caught, then declares to his off-camera co-workers that he has to go. But before he can leave, Lopez quips, “Grab me a glazed.”