Mayor Eric Adams will make his case Wednesday for billions in additional state funding for New York City while also pressing Albany Democrats to get behind the idea of rolling back controversial criminal justice reforms in the name of public safety. Adams’ appearance at a legislative budget hearing informally known as “Tin Cup Day” — when mayors across the state make their hometown pitches — comes as the city faces an estimated $4 billion in costs associated with more than 40,000 migrants that have arrived from the southern border and rising crime he blames on repeat offenders enabled by the Legislature’s bail reforms. While Gov. Kathy Hochul — who has only backed $1 billion in state migrant funding for the Big Apple — has proposed some changes to cash bail laws that Adams supports, Hizzoner is also pushing via the budget process to overhaul criminal discovery reforms that prosecutors say have led to thousands of dropped charges against accused criminals. “The governor has been a real partner and I’ve been speaking with the leaders and electeds up there so we could zero in on what we agree [are] the extreme recidivists,” Adams told reporters at a Tuesday press conference in Queens. Adams is also expected to speak out against spending proposals from Hochul — who has touted their relatively close relationship compared to predecessors Bill de Blasio and Andrew Cuomo — on several funding fronts ahead of the April 1 budget deadline: “While some pieces of the budget will provide one-off funding for the city, other pieces will become annual charges that will cost billions for city taxpayers,” said a City Hall insider. “City Hall is looking at a major budget deficit over the next few years and is going to push back hard on any new costs that could become permanent. The mayor and the governor are in lockstep on public safety and housing, which are the Mayor’s top two priorities.” State lawmakers traditionally hold budget hearings to gather information before the Democratic-dominated state Senate and Assembly release respective resolutions highlighting their spending and policy priorities compared to Hochul ahead of the budget deadline. “With potential out-year deficits and the migrant critics to contend with, the mayor is going to need support from Albany while balancing his own budget dance with the City Council,” political consultant Jake Dilemani said. Adams, a former state senator, faced criticism last year for his outreach to state lawmakers, more than a dozen of whom blamed him for failing to deliver on issues like extending a tax break for real estate developers that the mayor has said is vital to boosting housing across the five boroughs. “The mayor’s team is in constant communication with folks communicating needs, asking for input and feedback, and they’re definitely present in Albany this year,” state Sen. Andrew Gounardes (D-Brooklyn) told The Post. Adams is expected to face pushback Wednesday from progressive lawmakers who oppose efforts to change controversial reforms on laws affecting cash bail and the criminal discovery process. “I’m really looking forward to meeting with the mayor and he’ll make his case obviously,” state Senate Majority Leader Andrea Stewart-Cousins (D-Yonkers) said Tuesday ahead of a Wednesday meeting with Adams. “We are always trying to find a path forward and we know there has been a surge in the money that the governor has put forward in terms of the migrant situation and then of course the MTA situation is something that the mayor has expressed concern about as well,” Stewart-Cousins said. A spokesman for Assembly Speaker Carl Heastie (D-Bronx) — who has boycotted The Post in recent weeks following criticism from its Editorial Board — did not respond to a request for comment ahead of the mayoral appearance in Albany. Republicans appeared eager to see the mayor fight progressives over rising crime in the annual hearing on local government issues where elected leaders from across the state traditionally plead for as much help as they can get from the state Legislature. “It’s called ‘Tin-Cup Day’ for a reason, but I expect Mayor Adams to bring a barrel full of requests. New York City is overrun by problems brought on by progressives and it’s going to take money to get things in order,” Assembly Minority Leader William Barclay (R-Fulton) said. “Crime is constant thanks to pro-criminal policies, impacts of the border crisis are getting worse, MTA finances remain a disaster … It promises to be a long day for the mayor.”