Production on HBO Max‘s “Hacks” has been paused as its star, Jean Smart, recovers from a “recent successful heart procedure.” The 71-year-old Emmy winner addressed her surgery Thursday on Instagram, writing in a post, “February is American Heart Month – a time when the nation spotlights heart health, so it feels important to share with all of you that I am recovering from a recent successful heart procedure. “I am fortunate to have excellent care and support from family and friends while I continue to recuperate. Please listen to your body and talk to your doctor – I’m very glad I did!” Smart did not specify the type of heart procedure she underwent. A rep for Smart had no further comment for The Post. Production of Season 3 of “Hacks,” in which Smart portrays Las Vegas comedian Deborah Vance, has been paused for some departments, The Post has confirmed. “We are so happy that our beloved Jean Smart’s heart procedure was successful and she’s on the mend. HBO Max and UTV send their well wishes,” according to a statement on behalf of HBO Max and Universal Television to The Post. Production is slated to restart on or around March 13. The comedy also stars Hannah Einbinder, Carl Clemons-Hopkins and Jane Adams as well as Christopher McDonald and Kaitlin Olson. Smart’s late husband, veteran character actor Richard Gilliland, died at 71 after a brief illness in March 2021. They were married for more than 30 years. She honored him in her 2021 Emmy speech, telling the crowd, “I would not be here without him — without him putting his career on the back burner so I could take advantage of incredible opportunities.” The couple have two sons: Connor Douglas Gilliland, 33, and Forrest Gilliland, 14. In December, Smart made headlines when she and her “Babylon” co-star Margot Robbie expressed their concerns about the future of deepfakes, which use artificial intelligence to manipulate videos and replace the likeness of one person with another. Smart stated that she would not be OK with her likeness being used after she’s dead: “Unless my kids are getting rich off it. Of course. In that case, then it’s all right,” Smart told a table of her peers. “I don’t want to be in a year-3000 porn.”