Stephen “tWitch” Boss’ daughter, Weslie Fowler, returned to social media with a message a little over two months after the death of her adoptive father. Boss’ widow Allison Holker, 35, had Fowler, 14, in 2008 with an unknown ex-fiancé, and Boss adopted her after he married Holker in 2013. Fowler posted a clip to her 152,800 TikTok followers that showed her holding her phone up to the mirror and filming over the sound of “Surf” by Mac Miller — a song that was released posthumously after he died of an accidental overdose at 28. The phone case Fowler was holding had two photos of her and Boss, and she captioned the video, “i miss u.” Holker commented on the video, “I love you baby girl” with a red heart emoji, adding, “always and forever.” Fowler’s TikTok garnered 226,600 views and 21,400 likes as of Wednesday morning. Prior to this, she hadn’t posted to her TikTok page since December 12 — the day before her adoptive father passed. Boss died by suicide with a self-inflicted gunshot to the head at the age of 40. Holker — who also shares children Maddox, 6, and Zaia, 3, with Boss — confirmed his passing on Dec. 14. “It is with the heaviest of hearts that I have to share my husband Stephen has left us,” Boss’ wife said in a statement received by The Post. “Stephen lit up every room he stepped into. He valued family, friends and community above all else and leading with love and light was everything to him. He was the backbone of our family, the best husband and father, and an inspiration to his fans.” “To say he left a legacy would be an understatement, and his positive impact will continue to be felt,” Holker continued in her statement. “I am certain there won’t be a day that goes by that we won’t honor his memory. We ask for privacy during this difficult time for myself and especially for our three children. Stephen, we love you, we miss you, and I will always save the last dance for you.” It was reported that Boss left a suicide note in his motel room that vaguely alluded to past challenges. Holker also kept a low profile after the passing of her husband but took to Instagram on Dec. 21 to share a throwback photo of the two of them. “My ONE and ONLY Oh how my heart aches. We miss you so much,” she wrote. Fowler’s video comes shortly after a celebration of life service was held for Boss in Los Angeles. Holker called him a “light” in a moving speech at the Feb. 11 service, which was hosted by family pastor Joe Smith, according to Entertainment Tonight. “He chose love, grace and kindness,” the former “Dancing With the Stars” pro said, according to People. “And he deserves to be celebrated.” Fowler also spoke at the service, which had approximately 500 attendees that reportedly included Ellen DeGeneres and her talk show’s entire cast and crew, Wayne Brady, Loni Love and Derek Hough. Holker recently shared a video message to Instagram addressing the “very challenging and emotional” time she and her family have been going through. “You guys have brought so much hope and inspiration to us by sharing stories and memories and moments in different ways Stephen impacted your life, and it’s brought us so much hope and inspiration,” she said. “He was someone who was just beautiful. He lived his life from love and he made you feel a certain way. My family and I have always said we wanted to make sure that our purpose was lived out by bringing joy to people.” Boss was laid to rest at a private funeral in January. Earlier this month, Holker filed for half of her partner’s estate as he died without a will. Holker and her family members have launched Move With Kindness, a foundation aiming to honor the late choreographer’s legacy “by spreading love and mental health awareness.” If you or someone you know is affected by any of the issues raised in this story, call the 988 Suicide Crisis Lifeline at 988 or visit 988Lifeline.org.