Her mommy has so many talents she can’t even begin to name them. In a new TikTok video, Kim Kardashian’s eldest daughter, North West, 9, imitated her mom while making homemade pasta with a friend. On their joint mom and daughter TikTok account, @kimandnorth, the little girl revealed that her mom “hates” crumbs, especially if any get into her bed. “My mom hates to have this in bed,” West said as she kneaded the crumbly homemade pasta dough in the third part of the four-part TikTok series and jokingly sprinkled some over her head. “She’d be like, ‘Oh my gosh, you put this crumby crumby crumbs in my bed, you can’t sleep in my bed!'” West imitated, using a funny voice filter. West then explained that she would say that she didn’t even want to sleep in her mom’s bed anyway. “So, she doesn’t like crumbs in her bed,” she concluded of her mom. West’s father is rapper Kanye West, who married Kardashian in 2014. Kardashian filed for divorce from the “All Falls Down” singer in 2021 after seven years of marriage, and their split was finalized last November. West has already moved on, “marrying” Yeezy designer Bianca Censori in a non-legal ceremony last month. West was ordered to pay Kardashian $200,000 per month in child support, according to the divorce filing obtained by The Post. Kardashian and West share four kids together — North, 9, Saint, 7, Chicago, 5, and Psalm, 3. On Kim and North’s joint TikTok account, the two often make funny videos together, including ones of them doing viral dances together and other popular trends on the app, like when West dressed up as her father and the two sang to his song, “Bound 2.” During a December 2022 appearance on the “Angie Martinez IRL” podcast, Kardashian spoke more about co-parenting with the designer and admitted that she often “protected him” for the sake of her children. “I definitely protected him and I still will in the eyes of my kids for my kids,” she said at the time. “In my home, my kids don’t know anything that goes on in the outside world … I’m holding on by a thread.” “I had the best dad, and I had the best memories and the greatest experience and that’s all I want for my kids as long as they can have that,” Kardashian said of her late father, Robert Kardashian.  “That’s what I would want for them. If they don’t know the things that are being said or what’s happening in the world, why would I ever bring that energy to them? That’s really heavy grown-up s–t that they’re not ready to deal with.” In the past, West has been known to make headlines for his social media posts. In December, the singer wrote a series of harmful anti-semitic tweets that were later removed from the platform. Twitter owner Elon Musk also suspended his account. He continued his extremely offensive rant with InfoWars host Alex Jones just days later, praising Hitler and spewing more anti-semitic tropes. West was later dropped by a number of brands including Adidas, who he had been releasing his Yeezy sneaker line with for nearly eight years.