“Dances With Wolves” actor Nathan Chasing Horse faces a slew of new charges stemming from accusations that he sexually abused and trafficked Indigenous women and girls across the US and Canada for decades. A grand jury in Nevada on Wednesday indicted the 46-year-old alleged cult leader on 19 counts, adding charges of kidnapping, lewdness and drug trafficking to previous charges of sexual assault, trafficking and child abuse. Chasing Horse — who is known for his role as Smiles A Lot in Kevin Costner’s Oscar-winning 1990 movie — now faces charges in Nevada, Canada and on the Fort Peck Indian Reservation in Montana. The apparent leader of “The Circle” used his position as a “medicine man” who could communicate with spirits to gain followers. Since the early 2000s, he has used his influence to sexually and physically abuse young girls and women across multiple states and Canada, investigators said. He has been in Las Vegas police custody on $300,000 bail since Jan. 31, when he was arrested by SWAT officers near the North Las Vegas home he shared with his five wives. Authorities have accused the former child actor of filming himself sexually assaulting a child, keeping journal entries detailing the abuse and training his wives to use guns and “suicide pills” in case police ever tried to “break their family apart.” Chasing Horse, who was born on the Rosebud Indian Reservation in South Dakota, will be asked to enter a plea on March 1 in Clark County District Court. Kristy Holston, Chasing Horse’s public defender, told the Associated Press she plans to reveal holes in the state’s case against the former actor during a preliminary hearing that was canceled Wednesday ahead of the indictment. She declined to elaborate on what those holes were. “Since the public is so interested in this case and because only select details of the accusations have been released, we think it would be most appropriate for the State to present their evidence in a public hearing where the defense can reveal the weaknesses of the State’s case on the record in court,” she said in an email. Following his arrest, authorities found firearms, psilocybin mushrooms, 41 pounds of marijuana and two cellphones containing videos and photos of underage girls being sexually assaulted in his home, according to an arrest report. The footage of the assaults led to federal child pornography charges in US District Court in Nevada. His arrest earlier this year in Nevada was the result of a monthlong investigation spurred by Las Vegas police, who uncovered a pattern of sexual abuse and alleged crimes dating back to the early 2000s. Those alleged crimes span several states and Canada, where Chasing Horse has been charged in a 2018 rape in British Columbia. He was also charged by prosecutors with the Fort Peck Tribes in Montana with one count of aggravated sexual assault in connection with a 2005 rape. With Post wires