“Yellowstone” star Wes Bentley gave his take on the potential cancellation buzz surrounding the Paramount+ TV series. Rumors have swirled recently that star Kevin Costner may be leaving the Western family drama, with reports Matthew McConaughey could take his place. Bentley, 44, told TVLine that he has thought about what the show would be like without Costner as John Dutton. “I thought about this in Season 1 because it’s always a possibility in TV, right? We’re always ready to die,” the “Hunger Games” actor said. “Yellowstone” wrapped its fifth season earlier this year and is on hiatus until the summer. Bentley — who plays Jamie Dutton, the son of Costner’s John — noted how his character would be upset by the loss of his father because John “has got this hypnotic pull on Jamie.” “Jamie would have been completely lost. Maybe part of him would be frantic trying to take care of the ranch,” Bentley explained. “He would feel that burden and maybe panic.” Season 5 could be Costner’s last amid a reported dispute about scheduling with fellow cast members. According to Deadline, however, McConaughey is allegedly in talks to join the Taylor Sheridan-helmed franchise in the near future. In a statement to The Post, a Paramount Network spokesperson noted: “We have no news to report. Kevin Costner is a big part of ‘Yellowstone’ and we hope that’s the case for a long time to come.” The news comes at the heels of Costner, 68, scoring a Golden Globe for his work on “Yellowstone.” He won the trophy last month for best actor in a TV drama; however, he was unable to attend the ceremony due to flooding around his home. The Oscar winner finally received the award in the mail earlier this week and unboxed it from his residence. “We watched the whole doggone thing and my kids heard our name be called, and we weren’t at one of the greatest parties in the world,” he said in an Instagram video. “We wanted to be, but we found ourselves together as a family. My children heard my name called, and they stood up and they cheered.” “To be nominated as an actor was really important to me,” he said. “It feels really good to have [the award], there’s no substitute for being [at the ceremony].”