Derek Carr will be searching for a new team to play for this off-season with some not-so-nice comments by his former team circling the internet. After telling the Raiders he will not accept a trade to another team, including the Saints who Carr had visited last week, the team has officially released him Tuesday afternoon. The Raiders were expected to release Carr Tuesday before $40.4 million in his contract became guaranteed. As the two parties are wrapping up their relationship and going their separate ways after nine years, tensions have bubbled to the surface. Rumors have come out regarding the Raiders believing Carr was not tough enough, according to The Athletic’s Vic Tafur. “Carr wasn’t tough enough to hang in the pocket or play well in cold weather,” Tafur said, quoting the recent leak from an anonymous source. “And he certainly missed some throws this season.” To be fair, Carr does not have the greatest track record in cold games, especially ones below 37 degrees where he is 0-7 in his career. He also threw nine interceptions and only six touchdowns in those games. “We have a lot of respect for Derek Carr and what he has meant to the Raiders organization for the last nine years.” head coach Josh McDaniels and GM David Zielger said in a statement. “Derek has done great things in this league and we’re thankful to have been able to work with him this past year. He is a true professional and we appreciate his hard work in striving to produce the results we all desire. We wish Derek and his family all the best in the future.” The communication was rumored to be a key issue for why things didn’t work out between Carr and McDaniels last season. “As for Raiders, they didn’t let Carr operate as freely at the line of scrimmage as he had under Jon Gruden and Rich Bisaccia,” Tafur continued about the leak. The source also seems to think that there will be more negative comments made by each side as the off season continues. So much for remaining friends after the break-up.   