A Mississippi woman who married a man 61 years her senior says she’s ready to start a family with her new husband — despite the fact he’s a decade older than her own grandpa. Miracle Pogue, 24, met hubby Charles, 85, while working at a laundromat in Starkville in 2019, with the pair forming a friendship that turned romantic a year later. Charles proposed in February 2020, and the couple went on to wed last summer. Miracle told Kennedy News of the moment she learned about her husband’s advanced age, saying: “I found out in conversation when we asked each other our date of birth and he said he was born in 1937.” “I never even placed his age, we just wanted to see how it went. I don’t care if he’s 100 or 55, I like him for him. I thought he was maybe 60 or 70 because he looks so good,” she added. “He’s always up and active.” Miracle says her mom Tamika Phillips, 45, and grandfather Joe Brown, 72, were supportive of the relationship from the start. However, her dad, Kareem Phillips, 47, was harder to convince. “My grandad said if I was happy and it’s what I want to do then he’s happy. My dad was like ‘hell no ma’am, not at all,'” the bride explained. “It took a lot of time to convince him.” “If he didn’t come to my wedding, he would have lost me forever,” she continued. “I told him I needed his support and to walk me down the aisle. Once he got to meet Charles and talk to him, he loved him.” Charles, who is a retired real estate agent, gushed over his much-younger lover, telling Kennedy News that “Miracle has got a lot going for her.” “She’s got her life in order, she’s great,” he enthused. “The wedding day was wonderful, it was the best day of my life. There’s no problem with the age difference.” “People making comments online doesn’t make a difference, we just let them do their thing,” the happy hubby continued. “We’re very happy together. We’re looking forward to starting a family together.” Indeed, Miracle says they are making plans for IVF and she hopes to have two kids with her man. “I want him to have another generation. We’re looking to go to an IVF clinic to talk about our options,” she declared. “We went to an IVF clinic before but we really felt the pre-judgment even though they don’t know me and it was quite overwhelming,” the loved-up Mississippian explained.  “Now I’m forgetting it as long as they give me my baby. Maybe Charles’s age will stop us from having children but I have an open mind, it may not work.” Despite Charles’ energy and enthusiasm, Miracle admits there are times that she does worry about his health. “At Thanksgiving he got COVID and I broke down, I prepared myself, but the way he gets up and goes every day he’s not going anywhere,” she stated. “We prepare for things and he says he might not be here in five years. I tell him he will and he’ll outlive us all.” For now, the couple is making the most of every day, while also looking ahead to the future. “I know realistically I’ll be around longer than him so I try to live and have fun and experience as much as I can with him. We try to live it up,” Miracle gushed. “He’s my knight in shining armor.”