March is just around the corner, and before you know it, the first quarter of 2023 has flown by. If that sends you into a panic thinking that you’re behind on your goals, there’s no hard and fast rule that says you have to stay on track 24/7, is there? You can always start fresh whenever you please. Just because January ran past you doesn’t mean you can no longer turn over a new leaf — especially when it has something to do with fitness. If whipping yourself back into shape is your ultimate goal this year, you could probably use a tool that can help you monitor your progress more accurately. This smartwatch from ChronoWatch can be your fitness buddy, and the good news is that it’s not as pricey as the Apple Watch. It’s an incredible dupe of the famed watch, but costs a fraction of the price for only $42.99. The C-MAX Call Time Smartwatch packs 14 different features in one nifty timepiece, including monitoring your sleep, tracking multiple sports and exercises, monitoring health, and more. Get accurate stats of your workouts and habits to ensure you’re at optimal health to reach your fitness goals, and continue developing healthy patterns. It also alerts you of calls, messages, and the current weather, and you can control some of your smartphone settings using it, like music playback and brightness. Even more, this smartwatch boasts a ‘Find Watch’ function, a remote camera shutter, and has alarm and activity reminders. The watch features a 1.7-inch full-color touch-screen display that’s a breeze to navigate, and it boasts an IP67 waterproof rating that allows up to 1 meter of brief immersion to dust, sweat, and water. It also comes with a soft and flexible silicone band that you won’t find a hassle to wear all day, every day. This watch has earned an impressive 5 out of 5-star rating, and one verified purchaser raved, “I love this watch!! It does almost everything the $400 watch does! Generous band for larger wrist (mine)! Great interface. Thanks for this bargain.” Why spring hundreds for an Apple Watch when you can score the ChronoWatch C-Max Call Time for a price your wallet won’t balk at? Grab this feature-packed smartwatch now for just $43 (reg. $160). Prices subject to change.