Tom Brady is trading in the Sunshine State for a winter wonderland — at least for the moment. On Monday, the 45-year-old Brady gave his Instagram followers a glimpse at his recent snowy getaway with his three children, weeks after announcing his NFL retirement. In one video posted on his Instagram Story, Brady can be heard cheering on his two sons, Jack, 15, and Benjamin, 13, while watching the scene with his 10-year-old daughter, Vivian. As the clip continues, Jack appears to give Benjamin’s sled a push down the hill. “Always cheering on their brother,” Brady captioned the post. The seven-time Super Bowl champion later posted a selfie with Jack, whom he shares with his ex, “Blue Bloods” actress Bridget Moynahan. Brady co-parents Benjamin and Vivian with his ex-wife, supermodel Gisele Bündchen. It’s been an eventful month for Brady, who confirmed in early February that he’s stepping away from football after 23 seasons. “I’ll get to the point right away: I’m retiring. For good,” Brady said in an emotional Instagram video. “I know the process was a pretty big deal last time. So when I woke up this morning, I figured I’d just press record and let you guys know first.” Brady spent the first 20 seasons of his career with the Patriots, winning six championships with New England. He joined the Buccaneers in 2020 and won a Super Bowl in his first season with Tampa Bay. Although Brady announced in February 2022 that he would be retiring, the quarterback backtracked on the decision and confirmed his return 40 days later. Despite the offseason buzz about the Buccaneers’ 2022 campaign, the regular season was a challenging time for Brady both personally and professionally. Not only did the team struggle throughout the year, but in October 2022, Brady revealed he and Bündchen, 42, had finalized their divorce after 13 years of marriage. “We arrived at this decision amicably and with gratitude for the time we spent together,” Brady said of Bündchen, who recently traveled to her native Brazil for the Rio Carnival. With his professional football career now in the rearview mirror, Brady will segue into broadcasting in 2024, when he becomes Fox Sports’ lead NFL analyst. Brady signed a 10-year, $375 million contract with the network last spring.