Cristiano Ronaldo is living just how you’d expect a guy making $75 million a year would live: in absolute luxury. The soccer star, whose previous net worth of $500 million has shot up even more since joining the Western Asian team, Al-Nassr, is staying at the Four Seasons Hotel in Riyadh’s Kingdom Tower  — known as one of the tallest buildings in Saudi Arabia. The 38-year-old Portuguese pro was spotted entering the 99-story building on Sunday night by MailOnline. Ronaldo, who has described himself as the “GOAT” of soccer, has had the country at his beck and call since he agreed to play for the Saudi Pro League. He has been booked for the month in one of the 17 suites occupied by his entourage, which includes his security team, family and friends, the outlet reported. The tab, by the time he checks out, will total $300,000. But the former Manchester United star is likely not the one to foot the bill. The lavish suite, known as the Kingdom Suite, spans nearly 4,000 square feet and occupies the 48th through the 50th floors. Boasting views of the city, the residence features curated modern art throughout, a large dressing room and a dining room with a pantry, the description notes. Amenities include 24-hour room service, fitness classes, a gym, a house car, an outdoor pool, a spa and a tennis court. There are several restaurants and meeting rooms throughout the building as well. “The best of dishes from China, Japan, India and the Middle East, with the freshest ingredients to order,” the Four Seasons’ website states. Ronaldo is even given a private chef while staying at the hotel. Staff have been asked not to request selfies with the star, but Ronaldo has been nice to guests and their children, and thanking hotel workers as he enters and leaves, MailOnline observed. Upon his checkout at the end of the month, Ronaldo, his partner, Georgina Rodríguez and their five children, have located a more permanent home during his time in the country. On Dec. 30, 2022, Ronaldo join the Al Nassr club effective Jan. 1, 2023 — signing a contract until 2025.