It seems like just yesterday we were buying last-minute Christmas gifts, booking our next ski vacation and sipping on hot cocoa. While it may be hard to believe, we’re just eight days away from March and only four weeks away from the first day of spring. While that certainly means it’s just about time to rotate your closet with floral dresses and sandals, it also means it’s time to make some travel plans for the rest of the year! While traveling may be far and in-between for some over the last few years, a recent study found that 73% of people are more optimistic about travel in 2023 compared to last year. In celebration of this renewed optimism, travel lifestyle brand, Away, is introducing its brand new, limited edition Aura Collection, inspired by sunrises and sunsets. The collection features Away’s signature polycarbonate luggage reimagined in two high-shine gradient finishes: sunrise, a calming blue-green gradient, and sunset, an energizing orange, blue, and pink gradient. Through the usage of sunrise and sunset-inspired gradients that appear to glow from within, the Aura Collection provides a tangible embodiment of travelers’ renewed focus on introspection. According to the brand, the Aura Collection was thoughtfully designed to make travel more seamless, supporting the company’s greater mission to transform travel. Not quite yet sold on Away, consider reading our standalone review. The limited-edition line includes the brand’s Bigger Carry-On and The Large suitcase, the brand-new Everywhere Sling Bag, the popular Insider Packing Cubes, the Large Toiletry Bag and a new accessory set: a luggage tag and charm. While all Away suitcase sizes are great for a variety of needs, we especially love the Away Bigger Carry-On because it can easily be used for a weekender to even a 10-day trip if you pack strategically. Available in both Sunrise and Sunset. If you’re looking for something bigger, the limited edition collection also includes The Large in both Sunset and Sunrise. One of the brand’s newest silhouettes is its belt bag that can be worn around your waist or across the body to keep your everyday essentials close at hand. Away’s popular Insider Packing Cubes have also been reimagined in two sunrise and sunset-inspired sets of four that will help keep your things organized in style. Available in Sunrise, the The Large Toiletry Bag has an exterior zip pocket for grab-and-go items, plus a coated spill-proof interior to keep your cosmetics in check. For more content, check out the New York Post Shopping section.