It was Rih-rated. Rihanna’s massive Super Bowl Halftime Show performance drew in over 112 million viewers – some of whom couldn’t handle her sexy dance moves. Outraged fans complained about the pregnant 35-year-old’s show to the Federal Communications Commission, arguing her production was full of sexualized choreography and lyrics. TMZ got ahold of 103 complaints from angry viewers who moaned about the “Lift Me Up” singer’s Feb. 12 show. “This year the halftime show was so indecent I had to turn off the TV because of the pornographic content,” someone in Utah huffed. A California native chimed in: “I don’t care what someone worships but children shouldn’t be exposed to pornography and as an adult I don’t wish to see it … Where has decency gone? How about respect for others and self?” Fans were upset over the “overtly sexual dancing” that transpired on the Super Bowl stage. Rihanna, who is currently pregnant with her second child, sang her hits “B—-h Better Have My Money,” “Work,” “Diamonds,” “Only Girl (In the World),” “We Found Love” and more. When she belted out the track “Rude Boy,” the “Ocean’s 8” star seemed to cause a stir at the arena when she seemingly grabbed her crotch and smelled her hand. In Florida, someone grumbled that the Barbados-born crooner “spread her a– cheek at the crack. She rubbed her pants where her labia were three times.” People across social media were confused and noticed the dance move right away. “So is it me or did Rihanna just grab her junk and then smell it and taste it?” one user wondered. “Way to stay classy!” “Did Rihanna just scratch her crotch then smell her fingers?” another viewer penned. People complained to the FCC about her backup dancers as well. One grievance described her performance crew as being “patently offensive and completely inappropriate for children.” Someone else scoffed, “Apparently I’m the only person in Twitter who thinks Rihanna’s halftime show was terrible. Why is she touching her crotch in a show kids are watching? And why are her backup dancers dressed like hazmat COVID freaks that do those gross brain swab tests?” 