New York Post readers can claim up to $1,000 in bonus bets on BetMGM Sportsbook with the BetMGM bonus code NPBONUS. The new customer offer from BetMGM lets bettors place their first bet up to $1,000, and if it loses, they would still receive that same amount back in bet credits, aka bonus bets. Follow the button below for more information on BetMGM’s offer before the San Antonio Spurs face the Utah Jazz in Salt Lake City on Tuesday night. This offer works on any BetMGM sports market, if you aren’t into the NBA. The BetMGM bonus code NPBONUS allows new users to get up to $1,000 in bonus bets. Let’s say you make a $180 bet that loses – you would still get back $180 in bet credits with the bonus code. This works for any amount up to $1,000. If you’re looking for a risk-free betting opportunity, BetMGM’s new customer offer is a good place to start. Two teams that were projected to be among the worst in the NBA meet tonight in Salt Lake City when the Utah Jazz host the San Antonio Spurs. San Antonio has certainly lived up to the “hype”, but Utah has blown away everyone’s expectations by putting together a competitive regular season. The Jazz have real playoff hopes at 31-31 and the trade acquisition of Lauri Markkanen has been an absolute game-changer. BetMGM Sportsbook has Utah as a 10-point home favorite and that feels right. Every game matters for the Jazz in their playoff chase, so they won’t take it easy against a bad Spurs team. Utah literally just beat San Antonio 118-102 in Salt Lake City on Saturday, so if it brings the same level of effort it should be able to comfortably win again. Jordan Clarkson and Collin Sexton can light up the scoreboard just like Markkanen, and rookie center Walker Kessler has been a fantastic defensive presence. The Spurs don’t have any positive surprises. San Antonio (14-47) is mired in a 16-game losing streak and has a -10.6 point differential per game, which is by far the worst in the NBA. The Jazz are vying for a playoff spot while the Spurs are running out the string of the season, so fade free-falling San Antonio and take Utah on BetMGM with bonus code NPBONUS. New and existing players. Must be 21+. AZ, CO, DC, IA, IL, IN, KS, LA, MD, MI, NJ, TN, VA, PA, WV, WY only. Full T&C apply.. One of the easiest ways to get yourself a load of bet credits is through BetMGM’s very generous “refer a friend” scheme. BetMGM allows bettors to refer up to 20 friends, with both getting a $50 bonus. Your friend will need to make their first deposit and place their $50 bonus on any sport at odds of -200 or greater in order for you to claim your bonus. For Ohio: 21+ and present in OH. Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER.