The Biden administration sent federal emergency officials to the site of Ohio’s toxic train derailment Saturday — two weeks after the disaster released a chemical plume that contaminated local streams and caused a mass evacuation of panicked residents. “US [Environmental Protection Agency] and Ohio EPA have been working together since day one,” Gov. Mike DeWine and Thomas Sivak of the Federal Emergency Management Agency said in a joint statement late Friday.  “Tomorrow, FEMA will supplement federal efforts.” Locals in East Palestine, Ohio have bitterly criticized the slow state and federal response since a train carrying toxic vinyl chloride and other chemicals derailed Feb. 3. A “controlled release” and burn of hazardous materials from the 150-car Norfolk Southern freight train — conducted, officials said, to avoid a major explosion — killed thousands of fish, sickened pets and wildlife, and sparked fears of serious health risks for the town’s 5,000 residents. But the crisis did not qualify for a federal disaster declaration — or for FEMA aid, a Biden administration official told Fox News earlier on Friday. “FEMA is on the frontlines when there is a hurricane or tornado,” the official said. “This situation is different.” Ohio’s Rep. Bill Johnson slammed Transportation Secretary Pete Buttigieg’s absence from the scene. “I mean, he hasn’t shown up,”  the Republican said Saturday. “How can you be evaluated if you haven’t shown up? So, gets an F. The president? That remains to be seen.” Meanwhile, former president Donald Trump made political hay of the issue and bashed President Biden — hours after a tweet from his son, Donald Trump Jr., revealed that his father will visit East Palestine in the coming days. “Biden and FEMA said they would not be sending federal aid to East Palestine,” the once-again presidential candidate said in an email to his supporters Saturday. “As soon as I announced that I’m going, he announced a team will go,” Trump continued. “Hopefully he will also be there. This is good news because we got them to ‘move.’ The people of East Palestine need help. I’ll see you on Wednesday!”