If this is Cam Thomas’ new role, he did not sound thrilled upon accepting it. The guard was the exact scoring punch the Nets needed in Wednesday’s home victory over the Heat, emerging from the bench to lead the second unit. He scored plenty — 19 points in 21 minutes — as a supporting piece. But Thomas is no longer the major piece of the Nets’ offense, as he was briefly when Kyrie Irving and Kevin Durant were forcing their ways out of Brooklyn. Mikal Bridges, who poured in a career-high 45 points against Miami, looks to be the focal point of the attack, with Thomas used in bursts more than volume. “It’s tough,” Thomas said about adjusting to his new niche after shooting 6-for-11 and 3-for-5 from deep. “From doing one thing and trying to adjust to the team because that’s just what you got to do. It’s tough for sure. “So just got to figure it out.” On the court at least, Thomas seemed to be figuring it out. He was head coach Jacque Vaughn’s 10th and final man off the bench, entering the game to start the second quarter. Without Bridges on the floor, Thomas could seize the scoring load. But as Bridges took over in the fourth quarter and scored 17 points, Thomas mostly watched from the bench. Vaughn called it the “ideal” game for the second-year shooter. But Thomas said he did not know if this blueprint — being used as a sparkplug off the bench while Bridges carries the starting unit — could guide the Nets the rest of the season. “I don’t think anything is … Coach is still trying to figure everything out, so I don’t know,” Thomas said. “I don’t have the answer for you.” Early last week, it looked as if Thomas had burst into the Nets’ next star. Without Irving and Durant, Thomas shouldered the scoring load admirably. He dropped at least 43 points in three straight games and looked as if he could fill the scoring voids the stars were leaving. But as the trade-deadline haul joined the team, the 21-year-old with limited defensive ability was bumped down the depth chart and out of the starting lineup. “Just do my job,” Thomas said about coming off the bench. “That’s about it.” The minutes (or maybe hours) might be catching up to Nic Claxton. The Nets center logged 25 minutes Wednesday in which he bruised with Bam Adebayo. Claxton entered the All-Star break having played 1,592 minutes this season — more than the 1,568 he played in his past two seasons combined. Claxton scored just four points on four shots Wednesday and has been held without a double-double for three games straight. Previously, he had pieced together 10 double-doubles in 13 games, a span in which he averaged 17.2 points and 11.6 rebounds. “He is tired, and he has been tired,” Vaughn said of Claxton, who split time with Ben Simmons. “He’s given us everything that he’s had. … We were trying to figure out: How can we get this dude to the end line to get to some recovery over All-Star break? I appreciate him. I told him that.”