Brendan Fraser sensationally branded the Golden Globes award a “hood ornament” that “means nothing to me.” The actor, 54, skipped this year’s star-studded ceremony after he received a nod for Best Actor in a motion picture drama for his performance in Darren Aronofsky’s “The Whale.” Fraser lost out on the gong to Austin Butler, who scooped up the award for his portrayal of Elvis Presley in Baz Luhrmann’s “Elvis.” But had he won the award, Fraser says he wouldn’t have cared for it. “I found myself wondering is this a cynical nomination,” Fraser said on “The Howard Stern Show.” “I couldn’t really tell because of my history with them and that I still have yet to see the results from their reformation.” “We all are still awaiting that, to tell you the truth… What does matter is that it would mean nothing to me? I don’t want it. I didn’t ask to be considered even, that was presumed.” “They needed me, I didn’t need them. Because it wouldn’t be meaningful to me. Where am I gonna put that hood ornament? What would I do with that?” The actor added that Butler’s win was “well deserved” and a “big win for him.” Fraser’s disdain for the Golden Globes spans back decades after he claimed that former Hollywood Foreign Press Association President Philip Berk sexually assaulted him in 2003. Berk, 89, continues to deny the allegations. In a 2018 GQ profile, Fraser detailed the alleged assault — which he said occurred at a luncheon at the Beverly Hills Hotel. Fraser said he “became depressed” after the alleged incident took place and that he lost respect for the organization. “I felt ill. I felt like a little kid. I felt like there was a ball in my throat. I thought I was going to cry,” he continued. “I was blaming myself and I was miserable — because I was saying, ‘This is nothing; this guy reached around and he copped a feel.'” Berk later gave a statement to the magazine, saying: “Mr. Fraser’s version is a total fabrication. My apology admitted no wrongdoing, the usual ‘If I’ve done anything that upset Mr. Fraser, it was not intended and I apologize.’” Berk remained a voting member of HFPA until 2021 when he was ousted after he sent an email to fellow members describing Black Lives Matter as a “racist hate movement.” Fraser — who took a years-long break from Hollywood — has come back with all guns blazing with “The Whale.” The Darren Aronofsky flick follows a 600-pound man attempting to reconnect with his estranged daughter.