Dissent at the FDNY is spreading like wildfire. Another high-ranking official has asked to be dropped in rank in the midst of a controversial shake-up in leadership launched by Fire Commissioner Laura Kavanaugh, The Post has learned. Deputy Assistant Chief of Safety Frank Leeb, in a letter to Kavanaugh, asked to return to a field assignment — the third FDNY bigwig to do so this week, sources said. Leeb cited recent changes to the ranks of New York’s Bravest, according to his Tuesday letter, a copy of which was viewed by The Post. “Several changes have led me to believe that our organizational priorities are shifting away from the cornerstones of safety and training which have long protected the citizens and visitors of New York City, as well as the members of our great organization,” the letter states. “Additionally, breaches of trust coupled with a lack of communication and transparency have further led me to this difficult decision.” Leeb’s letter comes after Kavanagh knocked down in rank three high-ranking department chiefs on Friday, sources said. Assistant Chief of Fire Prevention Joe Jardin, Assistant Chief of Operations Michael Gala and Assistant Chief of Operations Fred Schaaf were all demoted, according to the sources. That prompted two other members of the FDNY brass —  Chief of Department John Hodgens and Chief of Operations John Esposito — to ask Kavanagh for voluntary field demotions earlier this week. “As a servant leader, I have never placed myself before the organization and today’s decision is no different,” Leeb’s letter states. “I look forward to continuing to serve and contribute in meaningful ways. Therefore, I am respectfully requesting a return to a field assignment in my civil service title of deputy chief effective [at 9 a.m.] Monday, March 6th, 2023.” Sources said many of the remaining 15 chiefs are contemplating following suit. “Morale is terrible, and the commissioner’s decision is not just affecting the fire department, but every citizen in New York City,” one fire source said, adding, “She demoted over 150 years of experience. The skill set can’t be replaced.” Said another department source, “She (Kavanagh) is showing she’s the boss and they’re fighting back. “There was no need for this. Things were running smoothly,” the source said. “Now the commissioner has a problem.” Kavanagh’s announcement that she was abruptly demoting Jardin, Gala and Schaaf came as the commissioner dressed down high-ranking fire officials at a gathering of department chiefs on Friday, according to sources. On Tuesday, Kavanagh was booed and heckled by firefighters at a promotion ceremony in Brooklyn — where Hodgens, one of those to step down for their titles, got a standing ovation from the rank-and-file. Kavanagh called for a meeting of department brass Wednesday afternoon. An FDNY spokesperson did not respond to a request for comment on Leeb’s request Wednesday. Despite the upheaval, the commissioner — the first woman to lead the 153-year-old department — got a vote of confidence from City Hall on Monday. “She is promoting a culture of true leadership, accountability, and performance within the FDNY,” Mayor Eric Adams said in a statement. “Those who do not agree with that view have chosen to leave the FDNY,” Adams said. “Regardless, New Yorkers can rest assured that the FDNY is as prepared as ever to keep them safe and respond to any and all emergencies.” Leeb did not return calls seeking comment on Wednesday.