It’s that time of year to grab ahold your buckin’ bronco. That’s right, once again, the Houston Rodeo is comin’ to town. From Tuesday, Feb. 28 through Sunday, March 19, the annual event is returning to Houston’s NRG Stadium for 20 days of carnivals, fun and huge concerts featuring some of the biggest names in country music. Just a few of the huge acts set to swing into the Bayou City include Zac Brown Band, Kenny Chesney, Luke Bryan, Brad Paisley and Chris Stapleton. It’s not all country though — New Kids On The Block, Machine Gun Kelly, The Chainsmokers, Bun B and La Fiera de Ojinaga are all set to perform at NRG Stadium too. Most importantly, last-minute tickets can be scooped up for reasonable prices. In fact, at the time of publication, we found some tickets going for $2 before fees on Vivid Seats. That’s cheaper than nearly everything on Killen’s BBQ’s extensive menu. If you know, you know. And if all you want is a Daily Grounds Pass, now is the time to pounce. We found some passes going for as low as $25 before fees. So, if you want to go to the Houston Rodeo this year, we’ve got everything you need to know and more. All prices listed above were found at the time of publication and are subject to fluctuation.  A complete calendar of NRG Stadium’s upcoming Houston Rodeo concert dates, start times, performers and links to the cheapest tickets available can be found below. A complete calendar including all daily grounds passes can be found here. (Note: The New York Post confirmed all above prices at the publication time. All prices are subject to fluctuation and include additional fees at checkout.) Vivid Seats is a verified secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand. They offer a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and your tickets will be delivered prior to the event.  Other than music and the rodeo (of course), the Houston Rodeo offers a bevy of exciting activities. Just a few of our favorites include a BBQ contest, trail rides, horse show, wine tastings and a carnival with rides, games and food. If that doesn’t sound like fun for the whole family, we don’t know what is. You can find a complete list of everything going on at this year’s Houston Rodeo here.  While country is coming to Houston all month long, country is heading, well, all over the country all year long. Don’t believe us? • George Strait with Chris Stapleton • Reba McEntire • Morgan Wallen • Kane Brown • Garth Brooks Check out this star-studded list of performers on tour over the next few months below. Want more options? Check out our list of the 12 biggest country stars on tour in 2023 here.