Cat got your town? Just in case cats didn’t already own the internet: A fat feline named has become the top-rated tourist attraction in the Polish town of Szczecin, bellying aside the locale’s actual historical landmarks. The black-and-white meow-nument, named Gacek — which means “long-eared bat” in Polish — boasts a whopping five stars on Google Maps, Business Insider reported. This put this rotund rat-catcher firmly ahead of the medieval city’s historic sites including a Pomeranian Dukes’ Castle constructed in 1346. Gacek even boasts his own Instagram page, where fans upload pics of the “King of Kaszubska Street” for people’s viewing pleasure. First appearing on said street 10 years ago, the Garfield-esque critter gained mainstream attention after appearing in a 2020 documentary, which has collectively been viewed 4.5 million times across Facebook and YouTube, Notes from Poland reported. Now, pussycat lovers make pilgrimages from all over Europe to see Gacek in his wooden box, where he’s looked after by the owners of a neighboring shop. As people can plainly see, tourists have fed him plenty of snacks, shaping him into the tubby tabby he is today. Alas, Gacek’s original listing — which amassed over 2,600 views — has been taken down. However, a new listing has garnered over 500 reviews and an average of five-star ratings in its first two days. “I am very fortunate to have come here and meet this distinguished gentle creature,” gushed one Gacek fan. “He shared many great stories and even let me rub his cute little belly. I would definitely recommend any and all individuals to come meet his excellence, and share the experience I have cherished for many years now.” Another fanatic wrote that they’d flown all the way from Oslo, Norway to visit the sentient tourist attraction. “As expected, he didn’t pay any attention to me which made the experience fully wholesome,” they wrote. “If I could have a dinner with anyone in the world, I would fly again in an instant to feed him. Can recommend!” Unfortunately, not everyone was willing to praise the lard with one naysayer writing that they preferred dogs. Meanwhile, another critic gave Gacek a one-star review because he allegedly “stole a sausage.” The fat cat’s caretakers at the shop recently erected a sign asking that visitors put food offerings in sealed containers. However, the city’s animal shelter has implored the public to refrain from feeding Gacek at all, presumably due to his massive girth. Gacek’s not the first corpulent pet to become a major tourist attraction. A plus-sized pup in Georgia was similarly immortalized as a local landmark on Google Maps — with viewers lavishing the “chunky old girl” with five-star reviews.