New York City residents agree that there’s “no room at the inn” for more migrants seeking sanctuary in the five boroughs and support a proposal to relocate them upstate, a new poll shows. A majority of city voters — 63% — don’t think the Big Apple has the ability to accommodate the asylum-seekers, while 31% believe the city has enough space, according to a Quinnipiac Poll released Wednesday. The survey also found that voters approve — by a 65% to 26% margin — a proposal by Adams to send some of the migrants to areas in upstate New York with shrinking populations. Seven out of 10 voters said they think it’s a crisis for the five boroughs that more than 40,000 migrants seeking sanctuary have arrived in the city since last year. Just 25% of voters responded that they don’t think it’s a crisis and 5% had no opinion. Since the spring, an estimated 43,200 migrants have arrived in the Big Apple with 28,200 living in 86 taxpayer-funded emergency shelters and processing centers. The influx prompted Adams to declare “there’s no room at the inn,” begging both the state and federal government for financial help — to the tune of over $1 billion. Gov. Kathy Hochul allocated over $1 billion in extraordinary funding for the migrant crisis in her record-breaking $227 billion budget proposal unveiled Wednesday. The plan would also require both New York City and the White House to cough up a portion of the total cost to house and feed the migrants, but it was unclear how much either would be on the hook for. The poll found that 82% of voters think the federal government has a responsibility to help New York City with the migrants seeking sanctuary, compared to 14% who do not. That includes 90% of Democratic voters surveyed, 64% of Republicans and 80% of independents. A majority — 67 to 27% — of voters also think that the federal government should ease working requirements for migrants — a process that usually takes roughly six months after an individual files their asylum application. “While a majority of voters acknowledge the influx of migrants is reaching crisis proportions, New Yorkers largely accept assimilating them into the workforce,” said Quinnipiac University Polling Analyst Tim Malloy. The analysis had a margin of error of +/- 2.7 percentage points and was conducted from Jan. 26 to Jan. 30.