Bruce Willis has been diagnosed with frontotemporal dementia, his family announced Thursday. His ex-wife and fellow actor Demi Moore, 60, posted an update on the 67-year-old’s health status to Instagram, directing fans to their full statement on the Association for Fontotemporal Dementia’s website. “Our family wanted to start by expressing our deepest gratitude for the incredible outpouring of love, support and wonderful stories we have all received since sharing Bruce’s original diagnosis,” the statement reads. “In the spirit of that, we wanted to give you an update about our beloved husband, father and friend since we now have a deeper understanding of what he is experiencing. “Since we announced Bruce’s diagnosis of aphasia in spring 2022, Bruce’s condition has progressed and we now have a more specific diagnosis: frontotemporal dementia (known as FTD). “Unfortunately, challenges with communication are just one symptom of the disease Bruce faces. While this is painful, it is a relief to finally have a clear diagnosis,” it continued about the ailing action star. The statement explained that frontotemporal is the most common form of dementia in people under 60 years old. There is currently no cure for it — but the family hopes that sharing the “Sixth Sense” actor’s diagnosis will spread more awareness about the “cruel disease.” The statement was signed by Moore, who was married to Willis from 1987 to 2000, and their daughters Rumer, 34, Scout, 31, and Tallulah, 29, as well as Willis’ current wife, Emma Heming-Willis, 44, and their daughters Mabel, 10, and Evelyn, 8. Willis’ aphasia resulted in him retiring from acting early last year, as the brain disorder affects his ability to communicate. The announcement came as reports alleged that his cognitive issues were not necessarily a new development. An insider said at the time that the actor had recently used “earpieces, hearing things, for them to feed him the lines” on sets, and that “it was increasingly difficult to have him on screen.” “Bruce has always found joy in life – and has helped everyone he knows to do the same,” the family added about the “Die Hard” star in Thursday’s statement. “It has meant the world to see that sense of care echoed back to him and to all of us. “We have been so moved by the love you have all shared for our dear husband, father, and friend during this difficult time. Your continued compassion, understanding, and respect will enable us to help Bruce live as full a life as possible,” the statement concluded.