Skeptical and frightened East Palestine, Ohio, residents are demanding answers to their health and safety concerns in the wake of the Feb. 3 crash of a train hauling hazardous materials. Frustrated locals Wednesday pressed Gov. Mike DeWine and Norfolk Southern CEO Alan Shaw about toxic chemicals released after the derailment — and if they could have lasting consequences. “I don’t feel safe in this town now. You took it away from me,” longtime East Palestine resident Jim Stewart, 65, said during a town hall hosted by CNN. Stewart, who lives near the crash site, said he now suffers from persistent headaches, and worries that his pre-existing health conditions will worsen — and whether he’ll be able to sell his home. “Did you shorten my life now? I want to retire and enjoy it. How are we going to enjoy it? You burned me,” Stewart told Shaw. “You’ve made me an angry man.” Shaw tried to reassure residents that Norfolk Southern was committed to the village, and pledged to invest over $1 billion each year toward maintenance and equipment.But residents aired their fears, anger and distrust. Even as officials and experts insist the air, soil and water in East Palestine are safe, residents have reported experiencing headaches, dizziness, nausea and other negative effects they didn’t have before the crash. Courtney Newman, a mother and teacher in the small town, said both she and her son have new health issues since returning to their home — and that when she took him to the doctor, she got no help. “I took him to the pediatrician on Friday. I was told they had no guidance from the CDC, the health department — there was nothing they could do,” the exasperated mom said. Others said they distrust officials — including Nene Stewart, who recounted that she won’t drink the tap water at her home. “I’m not trusting what they are saying,” Stewart said. “So, I don’t know who is telling the truth.” While resident Ben Ratner pressed DeWine into a promise that he’d spend the night in East Palestine, others urged Norfolk Southern to take responsibility for the derailment. “To the CEO of Norfolk Southern, be a leader. Make change. Do it today,” East Palestine resident Jenna Giannios demanded. Stewart lamented, “I don’t believe what they’re saying. I’d believe it maybe if they’re doing it tomorrow. … We’re all sick now.” Another longtime resident, Jessica Conard, urged communities in Ohio and beyond to “stand with us.” “If you have a train near you or a waterway near you, this is a problem for you too,” she said. “Stand up, stand with us and we’re gonna fight until the promises are kept.”