GLENDALE, Ariz. — There was and, no doubt for a long while, will be outrage over a holding penalty called on cornerback James Bradberry that essentially ran the clock out on the Eagles on Sunday in a stirring Super Bowl 57. It was a tough call, no doubt and the player who had the yellow flag thrown on him did not dispute it, although he was hoping it would not transpire the way it did. “It was a holding,’’ Bradberry said in the Eagles’ locker room at State Farm Stadium, with his teammates still numb from the 38-35 loss. “I tugged his jersey. I was hoping they would let it slide.’’ They did not let it slide, and because of that, the Lombardi Trophy slid out of the reach of the Eagles. Tied at 35, the Chiefs got the ball with 5:15 remaining and the Eagles needed a stop to get the ball back. They never did. They failed to contain rookie running back, and Rutgers product, Isiah Pacheco on the ground and could not stop wondrous Patrick Mahomes on a 26-yard scramble. On a key third-down play, Bradberry — the former Giants corner acquired this season by the Eagles — was dragged into the center of a storm. On third-and-8 from the Kansas City 16-yard line, it looked as if the Eagles had forced a field goal when Mahomes threw beyond the reach of JuJu Smith-Schuster. Bradberry, though, was called for holding Smith-Schuster, a penalty that gave the Chiefs a first down. As Smith-Schuster ran past him, Bradberry put his left arm on the receiver’s back and looked to slightly grab him. The Chiefs were awarded the first down, basically ran out the clock and Harrison Butker hit a game-winning 27-yard field goal with 8 seconds remaining. “The receiver went to the inside and he was attempting to release to the outside,’’ referee Carl Cheffers said to a pool reporter. “The defender grabbed the jersey with his right hand and restricted him from releasing to the outside. So, therefore, we called defensive holding. “It was a clear case of a jersey grab that caused restriction. That’s what we’re looking for, those kind of restrictions in those kinds of routes that put the receiver at a disadvantage.” Eagles head coach Nick Sirianni did not rip the officials for the call. “It’s not my job — you’ll see me on the sideline, I’m gonna argue with different things or calls here or there but it’s not my job to make the call, those guys got to do that in split-second scenarios,’’ Sirianni said. “That’s what he saw and he called it. “I know it always appears that it’s one call that makes the game, that’s not what it is. There’s so many plays that contribute to the end result of the game and today they were better than we were.’’ On the Fox broadcast, analyst Greg Olsen did not like the call. “I think you let them play, finish this thing out,’’ Olsen said. “I don’t love that call.” Former NFL official Mike Pereira on the broadcast took a different view. “I think you’ve got to see the whole thing,’’ Pereira said. “It seemed to be at the initial break. He grabbed the back of the jersey and pulled it. If we see that, I think that is a hold.” It was called a hold and it doomed the Eagles.