Prince Andrew is facing a fresh eviction notice from his residence on the grounds of Windsor Castle as King Charles moves to slash his income, according to reports. The disgraced royal, who was famously stripped of his royal and military honors by his late mother, Queen Elizabeth II, was last month given the boot from Buckingham Palace by his brother. Now it seems as though Andrew’s property portfolio is rapidly shrinking as King Charles looks to cut Andrew’s royal funding in a bid to have a “slimmed-down” monarchy, the Times reports. This means that come April, the Duke of York’s cushy $300,000-a-year income could be slashed as a result of the Privy Purse fund’s overall cuts. Andrew was left on edge after a senior royal reportedly joked, “We will kick Andrew out of the house” during a family gathering in December. The Royal Lodge previously belonged to the Queen Mother until her death in 2002. “It feels as though his brother wishes to evict him,” a source told the Sun. “The Queen died only a few months ago.” “He’s not being explicitly kicked out but it’s expected that he won’t be able to afford the maintenance,” the insider went on, adding that the property is “in need of some repair” that Andrew simply can’t afford. Andrew, who shares the 31-room Royal Lodge mansion in Windsor with his ex-wife, Sarah Ferguson, has resided at the property since 2004 after signing a 75-year lease agreement the year prior. Reports suggest that while King Charles doesn’t want to leave his brother “homeless,” he is making a point of urging royals to “use their own money to pay for things.” “The King is not going to leave his brother homeless or penniless,” an insider told the Telegraph. This serves as a fresh blow to Andrew, who has had his back against the wall since his alleged friendship with disgraced financier Jeffrey Epstein came to light, and after he was told “there is no longer any place” for him at Buckingham Palace. Last year, Andrew was kicked out of his offices at Buckingham Palace. The royal, who was barred from using his HRH (“His Royal Highness”) moniker following his association with pedophile Epstein, also lost his patronages last year. While he is still a Royal Knight of the Garter and a Knight Grand Cross of the Royal Victorian Order, he was told face to face by his mother that he would no longer be known as His Royal Highness. In a desperate bid to restore his reputation and salvage whatever’s left of his career, Andrew reportedly is considering a move to the US after “keeping an eye” on how Prince Harry and Meghan Markle’s move is going. The source claimed that 62-year-old Andrew is “very interested” in “business and charity” — but unlike his nephew, he will not be exploring Netflix-style projects as he looks to “forge a new career.” The Post has reached out to Buckingham Palace for comment.