He’s no looker, but that doesn’t matter to him. Kevin, a 42-year-old single dad from Scotland, claimed that he refuses to date “ugly” women — even though he knows he’s no Brad Pitt. The machinist goes by the username @boerboelblade2 on TikTok, and typically makes videos about his dog — a Boerboel named Blade. “I’m not into ugly women,” he told The Sun. “I’m not saying I’m Brad Pitt, but I know I can pull reasonable women.” Last week, he took to the social media platform to make a video about his “icks” when dating women, saying that he doesn’t like “broken boomerang bitches” or someone whom he deems too large. “I want a woman like a rough diamond, basically,” he explained in the video, which has been countered by a perhaps unsurprising backlash. “I’ve dated some women who are a wee bit on the heavy side that are good-looking, so I quite like that, right? As long as you’re good-looking and got a nice set of boobs, I’m interested.” He also declared that a woman can be both “pretty heavy” and “good-looking” but added  that “she could be a lovely blootin’ lassie if she just lost a little wee weight.” The Post has reached out to Kevin for comment. Kevin then went on to describe why he isn’t a fan of women whom he labels as a triple “B.” “I would call these women the ‘three Bs,'” he explained. “Broken, boomerang bitches. Why am I calling them that? Because when you throw a boomerang it comes back — no, in this case, f–k off, see ya later.” In the 5-minute clip, he also said that he’s not a big fan of women who wear their hair up, as he believes it makes them look like a “pineapple,” and said that he believes having sex is a “massive” part of any relationship. In the comments section of his TikTok video, many users called him out — and couldn’t believe what they were hearing. “And that’s why you are single,” one person commented. “That obvious misogyny will get you locked up pal,” another seconded that sentiment. “Then you’ll get all the sex you deserve.” However, Kevin maintained in the comments section that this was merely a comedy sketch, writing, “Some home truths hahaha its just a comedy sketch.” But even so, he admitted to The Sun, “It does make it harder to find someone if you’re only going for the high-end appearance.” The single dad revealed that he has had some success on the dating app Plenty of Fish, but Tinder has been a “flop.” “If you do get a message from a girl I can guarantee you she will be someone that’s not that good-looking,” he explained. And he’s not willing to settle for anyone who is less than what he wants. He knows it might be hard for him to find someone perfect, as he stopped drinking and doesn’t meet many people in the pubs, but that isn’t stopping him. “But I’m just not willing to settle for second best,” he told the outlet. “I realize I could be on my own for a long time.”