Hunter Biden’s lawyer has demanded that laptop repairman John Paul Mac Isaac, Rudy Giuliani, and 12 others retain records related to the disgraced first son in anticipation of future lawsuits. Multiple news outlets have reported that Biden lawyer Abbe Lowell sent out “litigation hold” letters this week to Mac Isaac, Giuliani and his lawyer Robert Costello, former White House adviser Steve Bannon, former Biden business partner Tony Bobulinski, ex-Trump aide Garrett M. Ziegler, and former Trump campaign adviser Roger Stone, among others. It’s the latest salvo from Biden’s lawyers against those who accessed data from a laptop he abandoned at a Delaware computer repair shop in 2019. “You have made various statements and engaged in certain activities by your own admission, or that have been publicly reported in the media, concerning our client, Robert Hunter Biden (“Mr. Biden”). This letter (“Notice”) constitutes notice that a litigation hold should be in effect for the preservation and retention of all records and documents related to Mr. Biden,” one of the letters sent by Lowell, viewed by The Post, reads. “You likely possess information relevant to activities or events affecting Mr. Biden. Therefore, you are required to review and comply with this Notice. As part of this process, you are instructed to preserve and safeguard, and must not alter, delete, destroy, or discard, any documents, physical items, or electronically stored information* (ESI) and data you have relating to or concerning Mr. Biden,” the letter goes on. Biden’s lawyer demands that records going all the way back to January of 2008 be preserved for future litigation. A spokesperson for Biden’s legal team told NBC News on Wednesday that the purpose of demanding the preservation of records going back  15 years is to “ensure we capture the extensive — and sustained — attacks on the Biden family.” “Hunter Biden has spent the last several years being the subject of investigations and exhaustive media scrutiny, while also telling his story in a detailed memoir — he has nothing to hide. The people who have yet to be held accountable for their wrongdoing are the recipients of these letters,” the spokesperson added. The “litigation hold” letters follow missives sent by Lowell last week to Delaware Attorney General Kathy Jennings, the Justice Department’s National Security Division, and the IRS calling for criminal investigations into many of the same individuals who received record retention demands this week. Mac Isaac’s lawyer, Brian Della Rocca, alleged last week that the letters seeking a criminal probe are payback for a defamation lawsuit brought by his client against Hunter Biden. Della Rocca insists that Mac Isaac became the legal owner of the laptop after Biden dropped it off to be repaired in April 2019 — but failed to return to reclaim it despite attempts by Mac Isaac to contact him. The feds picked up the laptop in December 2019, but not before Mac Isaac made a copy of the hard drive and gave it to Costello, who gave it to Giuliani, who provided The Post with a copy in October 2020.