She’s just like Josie Grossie. New Yorker Allora Campbell, 32, is a real-life version of the Drew Barrymore film “Never Been Kissed,” revealing that she has never locked lips or been on a date in her entire life — until last month. Campbell, a self-proclaimed “late bloomer,” always believed that Mr. Right was waiting around for her. “I presumed that women were meant to be pursued or some sort of meet-cute would happen,” she told South West News Service. “But that never happened to me.” “I thought there must be something wrong with me,” she added. The Rochester resident fully admits that she “lost trust in love” for nearly two decades and felt like she was “falling behind the expectations of dating in society.” So, Campbell channeled all her attention and energy into her career and travel. “I felt like I had wasted 15 years coming to terms with it,” recalled Campbell. “I was crippled by a gender role. The prince to princess.” When “it didn’t happen,” Campbell said she “did a lot of second-guessing” about her own self-worth. “I’d question — ‘Am I good enough?’ ” she continued. Campbell attempted to find love online through dating apps, but the experience was largely a failure. “I’d download a dating app once a year, have bad experiences with creeps, and delete it without going on dates,” she said. It was during the holidays that Campbell had an epiphany that if she didn’t do something, her life would never change. “I love my life, but I wanted to try dating. I spent so many years worrying about what people would think about me,” recalled Campbell. “It was self-sabotage. I downloaded the dating apps and decided to try for January.” “My goal was just to get out on dates and feel comfortable enough to do so,” continued Campbell. The 32-year-old was rewarded for her effort when she connected with a man whom she has since been on four dates with. “I was terrified for the first date. I sang ‘I Have Confidence’ from ‘The Sound of Music’ for my entire drive,” she said. And yes, they have kissed. “He was so cool about me not being kissed or having been on any dates,” gushed Campbell. “He’s been really respectful. I had my first kiss, and it was really sweet.” Now, she’s sharing her date-less experience. “It feels like you’re carrying a deep, dark secret. It made me braver saying it out loud,” said Campbell. “I could always deflect any dating questions, so no one ever really knew before. It’s not something I’m embarrassed about anymore.” “There’s no timeline. Life is a marathon, not a race,” continued Campbell. “There is nothing wrong with coming to dating or romance at a later stage.”