The price is bite. A UK TikToker munching away on potato chips believes he may have accidentally swallowed a whole lot of money — and now his followers are calling on British snack food manufacturer Walkers to cough up the cash. Wales-based Cory, who regularly posts videos showing off his meals, filmed himself on Feb. 2 eating a sandwich and chips for lunch. During the meal, the 26-year-old netizen appeared to catch the moment he popped a pricey chip into his mouth. Walkers is running a competition to find the “best” heart-shaped crisp in a bag of its chips. The winner is supposed to receive about $120,000. The rules state hopefuls must take a photo of the crisp before keeping the chip and the bag it came in. Followers were quick to point out the chip Cory snacked on in the clip was heart-shaped, wasting no time in telling the content creator he’d made a “$120,000 mistake.” In a follow-up clip last week, Cory admitted he didn’t know about the competition, but made his case that he ate a heart-shaped chip like the ones shown on the Walkers site. “That is the same,” he declared in the video, which has consumed 366,000 views. “What happens next? Can everyone tag Walkers, so we can sort this situation out please?” Cory’s call out resulted in fans flooding his comments section, tagging Walkers and urging the brand to let him enter the competition. “You still technically found it though so the prize should be his @Walkers Crisps,” one user argued. “Omg @Walkers Crisps give him the money,” insisted another. But that chip appears to have sailed. A Walkers spokesperson told the Daily Mail: “Such a shame that Cory has eaten that crisp! We do need to be fair to all the other Walkers fans that have followed our competition T&Cs and held onto their crisp for safekeeping, so I’m afraid we won’t be able to accept his entry this time round. There’s still time if he wants to enter!” The Post reached out to Walkers for comment. Cory didn’t seem agi-tated over the news. “I can’t believe it happened, and that I even caught it on camera,” he told the Daily Mail. “I can’t help but laugh about it, and I think everyone who watched the video got a good laugh out of it too!”