The “Crazy Train” has made its final stop. Legendary rocker Ozzy Osbourne has announced his retirement from touring. The Black Sabbath frontman, 74, pulled the plug on all of his upcoming shows in the UK and Europe this year as he continues to recover from spinal surgery. In a statement shared on social media Wednesday, the “Crazy Train” hitmaker said he’s no longer able to tour around the globe due to the damage his spine has endured in a nasty accident four years ago. Apologizing to fans, Osbourne acknowledged he “never would have imagined that my touring days would have ended this way.” “I am honestly humbled by the way you’ve all patiently held onto your tickets for all this time, but in all good conscience, I have now come to the realization that I’m not physically capable of doing my upcoming European/UK tour dates, as I know I couldn’t deal with the travel required,” the Brit said. While Osbourne admitted that his “singing voice is fine,” his physical health has taken a toll for the worse amid his ongoing battle with Parkinson’s disease. The “Iron Man” rocker, who has been living with the brain disorder since 2019, has undergone three operations, stem cell treatments, physical therapy, and Hybrid Assistive Limb treatment. “My team is currently coming up with ideas for where I will be able to perform without having to travel from city to city and country to country,” he added. The Rock and Roll Hall of Famer was discharged from a Los Angeles hospital last June after undergoing what his wife Sharon Osbourne, 70, described as “a major operation” that would “determine the rest of his life.” The rocker’s “life-altering” surgery involved removing and realigning pins in his neck and back. Along with Parkinson’s and a battle with COVID-19, the musician has also been dealing with the ramifications of a 2003 quad-biking accident. The decision to step away from touring is one Osbourne has been dreading, admitting in September 2022 that performing on the stage is “where I belong.” “The relationship I have with my audience is the biggest love affair of my life,” he added at the time.