Kirk Cousins’ faults as a quarterback have been well-documented, but he should definitely hold onto that day job. The Vikings QB hit the stage at the NFL Honors show on Thursday night in Arizona with Kelly Clarkson to show off his singing chops in a tune about Tom Brady. “Tom won seven times, went to 10,” Cousins belted out to the rhythm of Clarkson’s “Since U Been Gone.” “He’s one on some beach, so maybe Kirk can win. Yeah, yeah. Since he’s been gone.” A cracking-up Clarkson, who was hosting the annual show, mercifully interrupted Cousins. “Wait, hold on. You can really sing…,” she said. “That doesn’t really sound like a tribute. It just sounds like you are happy Brady is gone because it gives you and the other teams a better shot. And I am totally for this. I think Brady’s retirement is good for him, great for us.” At that point, Clarkson belted out her own rendition of the Brady song. “Cuz now that he’s gone, teams have hope for the first time. Brady’s moving on. Yeah, yeah. For the goat, that’s a wrap. Now he just posts thirst traps. Now that he’s gone.” (Hat tip to the “thirst trap” line) And let’s give Cousins — who was wearing a collection of chains around his neck and awkwardly waving his arms during Clarkson’s part — credit for going on stage and singing in front of a television audience. The 34-year-old has been a frequent target for criticism throughout his career. It wasn’t the only musical performance by an NFLer on Thursday: 49ers tight end George Kittle made his teammate cringe with a ditty of his own. Whether Cousins is a quarterback capable of leading a franchise to a Super Bowl will continue to plague the Vikings. Minnesota saw a 13-4 regular season come crashing down in a 31-24 wild-card loss to the Giants at home. The awards show was highlighted by Patrick Mahomes capturing the MVP and Damar Hamlin giving an emotional speech in one of his first public appearances since the Bills safety suffered cardiac arrest on the field during a Jan. 3 game against the Bengals.