In 2023, you can see both of Asbury Park, NJ’s greatest artists live. That’s right, both Bruce Springsteen and Southside Johnny are touring all over the U.S. this year. While Springsteen and his E Street Band are playing stadiums before heading off on the international leg of their tour, you can see Southside Johnny and the Asbury Jukes over the next few months in much more intimate settings that’s more suited to their raucous, barroom style. Plus, as you may have guessed, Johnny and the Jukes will be playing quite a few times in New York and New Jersey. First up, on Saturday, Feb. 11, the band has been tapped to get the party started at their home venue when they bring the house down at Asbury Park’s Stone Pony. After that, the “I Don’t Wanna Go Home” rockers will play Patchogue, NY’s Patchogue Theater on March 10, Englewood, NJ’s Bergen Performing Arts Center on March 11 and then, they’re booked for back-to-back nights at New York City’s Sony Hall on May 12 and May 13. Best of all, some tickets for this run of shows can be snagged for as low as $42 before fees on Vivid Seats. All prices were found at the time of publication and are subject to fluctuation. Where else are the “best bar band in the world” playing this year? Keep reading. We’ve got everything you need to know and then some.  When the group isn’t playing in New York or New Jersey, they won’t venture too far away — in fact, all of their 2023 shows are in the Northeast. On Feb. 17, the Asbury natives will play in Portsmouth, NH, then, they’ll hit Boston on Feb. 20, followed by Greensburg, PA on April 6, Warren, OH on April 7, Ridgefield, CT on May 6 and finally Salisbury, MA on July 20. For a fuller picture, you can check out  Southside Johnny and the Asbury Jukes’ complete calendar here which includes all tour dates, venues, show start times and links to buy tickets.  You don’t become the best bar band in the world by playing the same set every night. No, Southside Johnny and the Asbury Jukes regularly switch things up when they perform live and often drop exciting covers of Sam Cooke, Aretha Franklin, Jerry Lee Lewis and even The Boss himself into their shows. Want to see what they played live most recently and as far back as their first gigs in 1975? Check out their exhaustively researched Set List FM to see “what they played when” here.  It’s a banner year for musical acts that have been active since the Carter Administration. Here are just five of our favorite acts you won’t want to miss live in the next few months. • Billy Joel with Stevie Nicks • Three Dog Night • Pat Benatar • James Taylor • Lynyrd Skynyrd with ZZ Top Want to see which other timeless rockers on the road this year? Check out our list of the 22 biggest classic rock tours in 2023 here.