No good deed goes unpunished. A belligerent “Karen” was caught on video calling the cops on two black men in Illinois — after they shoveled snow off the sidewalk outside her home. Gregory McAdory, who runs a snow removal business in Rockford, Illinois, was clearing a driveway for his friend’s dad on Feb. 17 when the pals decided to clear the sidewalk too — at no cost. But the helpful duo didn’t receive any gratitude from the ornery neighbor, who took offense at their altruism and threatened to call the police, the Daily Beast reported. “When the police is called on people of my color, just to be on the safe side, I just say, ‘Record,’” McAdory told the outlet. The TikTok video he posted the next day shows the interaction between the two young men and the woman, who even goes so far as to move their shoveled snow back onto the sidewalk. “You’re seriously mad because we cleaned off your sidewalk?” McAdory asks, incredulously. “Don’t trespass that line!” the woman shoots back, pointing at a snow barrier. “I don’t need anything from you!” Matters then quickly snowballed when the friend shovels the snow off the sidewalk again. “That’s trespassing property!” says the woman, who later identifies herself as “Brunny.”“This is a public sidewalk!” McAdory says.“Get out of my way!” she snaps back and calls the cops, declaring “an emergency.” “These two guys are African American, and I don’t get along with them. … They are making fun of me. See, they don’t have no respect!” she says on the phone. According to the police log obtained by the Daily Beast, the woman reported disorderly conduct. “There is a [race redacted]/M there harassing her and she doesn’t want him there,” the dispatcher’s notes reportedly state. “She says they are disrespecting her and she wants them gone,” they add. In another video, two cops are seen at the location, where one says the woman may suffer from a mental illness and the men are asked to not shovel her snow. “I don’t know what’s wrong with her. I don’t know if it’s racism,” McAdory told the Daily Beast. “I just didn’t want to be arrested for something as minor as that.” The outlet was unable to contact the woman for comment.