The Garden State is quickly becoming one of the hottest destinations for music festival season. To kick off this summer, the Adjacent Festival featuring Blink 182, Paramore and Jimmy Eat World is coming to the Atlantic City Beach on Memorial Day weekend, May 26-28. Then, from June 15-18, Blake Shelton, Kid Rock, Darius Rucker and the Barefoot Country Music Festival will step into Wildwood, NJ. However, the granddaddy of them all might be Atlantic City’s annual three-day Sea.Hear.Now Festival on the shore from Sept. 16-17. 2023’s lineup is a doozy too. Occupying the top spots this year are Brandon Flowers’ Killers on Saturday, Sept. 16 and Dave Grohl’s Foo Fighters on Sunday, Sept. 17. Just below them you’ll find rock favorites The Beach Boys, Weezer, Sheryl Crow, Nathaniel Rateliff and the Night Sweats and Greta Van Fleet. Still, there’s so much more. Sea.Hear.Now also lists Tegan and Sara, The Breeders, Rebelution, Mt. Joy and Tash Sultana on its eclectic but expertly curated bill. Best of all, passes for the two-day musical extravaganza can be claimed as early as today. At the time of publication, the cheapest price we could find to get you in both Saturday and Sunday was $316 before fees on Vivid Seats. For those hoping to attend just Saturday, passes start at $200 before fees. $209 before fees is the lowest price we found for Sunday passes. There are also General Admission Plus, VIP General Admission and Platinum General Admission options as well. All prices are subject to fluctuation. Want to see and hear Sea.Hear.Now now? Here’s everything you need to know.  Rounding out Sea.Hear.Now’s expansive collection of performers are Royal Blood, Bob Moses, Cory Wong, Oteil & Friends and Living Colour on Saturday. Sunday sees Stephen Sanchez, Joey Valence & Brae, Adam Melchor, Daniel Donato’s Cosmic Country and Easy Star All-Stars filling out the bill. Yet, there’s still more. Sea.Hear.Now is known for bringing in big name surfers to shred some waves for when you need a quick musical time-out. Just a few of the biggest riptide riders include Cam Richards, Sam Hammer, Will Skudin, Rob Kelly and Cassidy McClain. The complete poster including all 2023 Sea.Hear.Now performers and surfers can be found below.  In a short period of time, New Jersey has become a hotbed for summer music festivals. Here are just a few of our favorites coming to the state from May through September this year. May 5-7 at Bader Field in Atlantic City, NJHeadliners include Limp Bizkit, Papa Roach and Steve Aoki  June 11 at MetLife Stadium in East Rutherford, NJHeadliners have yet to be announced  July 14 at PNC Bank Park in Holmdel, NJHeadliners include Taking Back Sunday, Motion City Soundtrack and The Maine  Aug. 11-13 in Atlantic City, NJHeadliners include Thomas Rhett, Jason Aldean and Jelly Roll  Sept. 22-24 at the Waterfront Music Pavilion in Camden, NJHeadliners have yet to be announced   Prefer to see a single artist live instead of a multi-day, outdoor jamboree? That’s totally fair. If standard issue concerts are more your scene, here are just five of the most exciting tours you won’t want to miss this year. • Bruce Springsteen and the E Street Band • Taylor Swift • Billy Joel with Stevie Nicks • Metallica • Morgan Wallen Want to see what else is out there all in one article? We suggest checking out our list of the 52 biggest concert tours in 2023 to fill that need.