TAMPA — Sixty-two naturally will overshadow every other number this season for Aaron Judge. In breaking the American League home run record in 2022, Judge made history with his bat. But he set a personal best last season with his legs, too. His 16 steals trailed only Isiah Kiner-Falefa’s 22 among Yankees. A season later, every major leaguer figures to be running more because of the tweaked rules that are expected to gin up more action within the game. There are more numbers — if perhaps not quite as hallowed — out there for Judge to chase. How about becoming the fifth player ever to hit at least 50 home runs and steal at least 20 bases? Judge surely prefers a slow trot to a sharp sprint, but he sounds ready to crank up his stolen-base tries. “I don’t want to give too many secrets away because I don’t want anybody else reading what I’m thinking,” Judge said Saturday with a smile. “But I’m going to try to replicate what I did last year, maybe add some new things … some new strategies, stealing bases. “Shorter distance, bigger bases? There’s some bases to be stolen.” The bases are now 18 inches square, up from 15 inches square, which translates to a 4 ½-inch reduction in the distance between first and second base and second and third base. Judge also referenced the new pitch clock as a possible means for base-runners to use to their advantage. “When a game starts to speed up on the pitcher, and the clock starts the countdown — 3, 2, 1 — ‘I gotta make the pitch,’ ” Judge said from Steinbrenner Field. “Me as a baserunner, I see the clock, too, and I know he has to make the pitch. Maybe I can get a little extra jump.” In going 16-for-19 in stolen base attempts last season, Judge smashed his previous best of nine steals, which was a renewed focus. Entering 2022, he wanted to be lighter on his feet so he could do a better job in center field (check) and add baserunning to his game (check). Before last season, he worked with baserunning coordinator Matt Talarico on his footwork and speed. Judge looked around the league and studied opponents who were more aggressive, but who he did not think were more speedy. “Looking at video, I saw a couple guys. I’m like, ‘I’ve seen that guy in the minor leagues. He’s not faster than me,’ ” Judge said. “How’d that guy have 30 [stolen] bases? How’s this guy steal 25 a year? “These other guys are doing it. I wanted to add it to my game.” He did, but “62” is remembered more than “16.” If his bat continues to pound pitches and his speed continues to come more into play, with second base just a bit closer, Judge could join the other members of the 50-220 club: Alex Rodriguez (2007 with the Yankees), Ken Griffey Jr. (1998), Brady Anderson (1996) and Willie Mays (1955). “I don’t want to be a station-to-station guy. I want to be in scoring position for Big G [Giancarlo Stanton], [Anthony] Rizzo, [Josh] Donaldson, the list goes on, DJ [LeMahieu],” Judge said. “We’ll see what happens this year, but I’m looking forward to getting out there and testing it out a little bit.”