She’s his main squeeze. Kate Middleton was caught giving Prince William a cheeky butt tap as they walked the BAFTAs red carpet on Sunday. Footage of the flirty moment went viral online and came just after the princess was seen whispering into her husband’s ear. Social media sleuths have been trying to deduce what the royal said to her spouse — with one lip-reading expert now saying she has the answer. On Tuesday, Sophia Martell told the Daily Mail that Middleton was “recreating” a cute moment that she had just seen in the crowd. According to the expert, the princess was asking William whether he had witnessed the same thing she had. “That man … he tapped her on the bottom,” Middleton purportedly said, to which William reportedly replied: “Did he?” Middleton then gave William a tap on his rear before allegedly stating: “That was so funny.” William and Kate’s appearance at the BAFTAs marked the first time that they’d appeared at the British awards show since 2020. The royal couple was meant to attend in 2021, but did not do so due to Prince Phillip’s passing the day before the ceremony. They were also a no-show in 2022, citing “diary constraints,” a rep told Variety at the time. For their red carpet return on Sunday night, Middleton wore a gorgeous, one-shouldered white evening gown by Alexander McQueen, which she paired with long black evening gloves. The brunette beauty wore the same dress to the 2019 BAFTAs, but re-styled it by accessorizing with black gloves and a pair of $28 floral earrings from Zara. Prince William, meanwhile, opted for a sleek, black tuxedo with a black velvet jacket and a black bowtie. Their arrival at the BAFTAs marks one of their first high-profile events since William’s brother, Prince Harry, came out with his bombshell memoir, “Spare,” in which he sensationally accused his brother of “physically attacking him” in 2019. Prince Harry also took a dig at his brother’s balding head, later defending the sassy taunt during an appearance on “60 Minutes.” The couple has not made a public statement about the explosive autobiography.