Sally Field revealed that she shot down two iconic romance films over the course of her career — and she has no regrets. The “Steel Magnolias” star, 76, was almost going to appear in the 1996 comedy “The First Wives Club” and 1984’s “Romancing the Stone.” The Oscar winner revealed to People recently how “The First Wives Club” star Goldie Hawn begged her to be a part of the cast. “Goldie really wanted me to do it,” she said. “Maybe it would have been fun, but they were all so musical, and I’m not.” Field added: “And the movie wouldn’t have been the same.” The flick followed three friends — Bette Midler, Hawn, Diane Keaton — who reunite after a death of an old college pal and decide to get revenge on their cheating husbands. As for “Romancing the Stone,” Field opted not to act alongside star Michael Douglas and felt that the role was better suited for OG actress Kathleen Turner. The “Forrest Gump” alum continued: “My instinct was there’s somebody else out there who’s better. And that somebody was Kathleen Turner.” “That long-legged Kathleen, with her husky voice. I mean, she’s still breathtakingly good. And she’s so sweet. There’s nobody else like her,” she said. The action-adventure movie centered around Turner playing a romance novelist who ventures out to Colombia to save her sister. Douglas portrayed a bird hunter who helps the author on her quest. Field will next be seen in the sports comedy “80 for Brady” — alongside screen icons Jane Fonda, Lily Tomlin and Rita Moreno. The hilarious comedy follows the four women as they take a road trip to see one of their favorite football players — Tom Brady, who just announced his retirement. Elsewhere in her “People” interview, Field spoke about how the former New England Patriots quarterback, 45, was “so nervous” to be on the movie’s set. “He was lovely,” she explained. “He just was Tom Brady. He was a completely lovely human.” “He told me, ‘I’m so nervous.’ He felt like he didn’t know where to put his feet. But he was a natural,” Field added. “Athletes get the same kind of adrenaline, except most actors aren’t worried that their limbs will be ripped off.”