Gisele Bündchen only wishes “wonderful things” for her ex-husband, Tom Brady, following his second NFL retirement on Wednesday. Shortly after the seven-time Super Bowl champion, 45, confirmed that he’s walking away from football after 23 seasons, the supermodel posted a message in the comments section of his Instagram post. “Wishing you only wonderful things in this new chapter of your life,” Bündchen, 42, wrote, along with a prayer hands emoji. Brady and Bündchen were married for 13 years before confirming their divorce in October. The pair share two children together, son Benjamin, 13, and daughter Vivian, 10. The quarterback is also a dad to 15-year-old son Jack, whom he shares with his ex, actress Bridget Moynahan. “We are blessed with beautiful and wonderful children who will continue to be the center of our world in every way. We will continue to work together as parents to always ensure they receive the love and attention they deserve. We arrived at this decision to end our marriage after much consideration,” Brady wrote of his divorce from Bündchen at the time. Leading up to what was Brady’s final season in the league, Page Six exclusively reported in September how he and Bündchen had engaged in heated arguments over his decision to return to football after coming out of retirement in March 2022 following 40 days away. Brady featured Bündchen in Wednesday’s retirement post, where he expressed gratitude for his loved ones who have supported him throughout the years. “Good morning, guys, I’ll get to the point right away. I’m retiring for good. I know the process was a pretty big deal last time, so when I woke up this morning, I figured I’d just press Record and let you guys know first. It won’t be long-winded. You only get one super emotional retirement essay and I used mine up last year,” Brady began. “Really, thank you guys so much. To every single one of you for supporting me, my family, my friends, my teammates, my competitors, I could go on forever. There’s too many. Thank you guys for allowing me to live my absolute dream. I wouldn’t change a thing. I love you all.” Brady is slated to become Fox’s lead NFL analyst after signing a 10-year, $375 million deal last spring.