Two Port Authority detectives are in hot water for allegedly ignoring a wrong-way driver — who then killed cop and former MLB pitcher Anthony Varvaro on the New Jersey Turnpike, law-enforcement sources told The Post on Monday. Detectives Daniel Rafael and John Basile were suspended Jan. 13 for allegedly failing to report the errant driver when they spotted him on their way to the annual Ground Zero ceremony on Sept. 11, sources said. The rogue driver, Henry Plaras, 30, later hit Varvaro — who also was on his way to the Sept. 11 memorial — on the New Jersey Turnpike Hudson Bay Extension, forcing the cop’s car into a concrete barrier. Both Plaras and Varvaro, a married dad of four and former hurler for the Atlanta Braves, were killed in the crash. “This driver could have killed numerous people the way he was driving,” a source said. “All they had to do was report the driver and officers would have responded to pull the driver over. “Maybe they would have saved Officer Varvaro’s life,” the source said. According to sources, the two detectives had chatted about seeing the wrong-way car when they arrived at Ground Zero, unaware of the fatal consequences of their inaction. The Hudson County Prosecutor’s Office conducted an internal investigation into the incident and referred the case to the Port Authority “to be handled administratively,” a rep for the office said Monday. The authority suspended the pair, as well as two other detectives who were allegedly tied to the incident and its aftermath, the sources said. Basile declined to comment when reached by phone Monday. Rafael did not return a phone call seeking comment. Lenis Valens, a spokeswoman for the Port Authority, confirmed that there were suspensions after the office “immediately initiated a rigorous investigation” into the incident — but declined to provide details or name the individuals involved. “Based on the results of that investigation, four members of the Port Authority Police Department have been suspended by the superintendent of police and the formal disciplinary process has been initiated,” Valens said. “In light of the pending disciplinary process, we will not have any additional comment about this matter now, except to say that our hearts are very much with the Varvaro family.” In a statement to The Post, Varvaro’s family said it had been aware of the internal investigation regarding the two suspended detectives. “We have kept our knowledge of this private in order to allow for the integrity of the investigation as they unfold, and also to allow our family time to heal without the need to discuss this issue along with all else,” the family said. “Like any other family, we want as much information as is available so we can have as much certainty as possible as we try to move forward. We have found that achieving that is far from an easy or forgiving process.” Frank Conti, president of the Port Authority Police Benevolent Association, told The Post that the union was aware of the internal probe but declined to comment. “What must be remembered was that Anthony was away from his family on his day off to assist in securing the World Trade Center on the anniversary of the 9/11 attacks,” Conti said. “His sacrifice that morning was a continuation of his life of service to his community.” Varvaro, also a beloved youth coach on Staten Island, was on his way to his assignment at the 9/11 ceremonies marking the 21st anniversary of the terror attacks when his Nissan Maxima was hit head-on near Exit 14C near Jersey City, according to police. Plaras was driving a Toyota Rav4 when he struck the cop’s vehicle. Varvaro, a graduate of St. John’s University, pitched in the major leagues for six years with the Atlanta Braves, Seattle Mariners and Boston Red Sox between 2011 and 2015. He left the majors in 2016 to become a Port Authority cop.