The Miami Dolphins didn’t make it into Super Bowl LVII — but one celebrity “dolphin” did. Jennifer Coolidge has found her porpoise in a new Super Bowl commercial for e.l.f. Cosmetics. The 61-year-old “Legally Blonde” star expressed interest in playing a dolphin during a viral interview with Access Hollywood at the 2023 Golden Globes. Now, in a 45-second spot promoting e.l.f’s Power Grip Primer ($10) — which is designed to be the first step in a makeup routine, Coolidge hilariously claims that she looks like a “baby dolphin” after using the product. The already-made-up actress applies the “sticky” gel-based substance on top of her look, expressing in disbelief, “Oh my gosh, it looks like I came from the sea! I look like a dolphin … a baby dolphin!” before attempting her best dolphin impression. Already ahead of any potential blowback, the current it-girl shared with People the reason she plays around with classic beauty standards. “I put products on out of order. I put the primer on after my makeup because I feel like it makes me look extra dewy,” Coolidge explained. “I was putting it on in front of my friend, and we were joking around and I said, ‘Oh my god — It does look like I’m coming out of the sea. I look like I’m wet.’ And then I said, ‘Like a dolphin.'” The “American Pie” M.I.L.F. also portrayed the aquatic mammal during a recent performance at Harvard’s thespian student society, the Hasty Pudding Club, which honored her with the 2023 Hasty Pudding Woman of the Year award. Wearing a hooded dolphin costume on top of her black ensemble, Coolidge was asked to sing “The White Lotus” theme song in the style of a dolphin. To the crowd’s amusement, she answered the call, and the bit turned into a bound-to-go-viral moment on TikTok. “Jennifer Coolidge is a national treasure and deserves to play a dolphin in a movie or tv show,” one fan flipped under the clip. “Flipper is shaking,” another spouted. “Flawless casting. No notes,” the official HBO Max account bubbled with praise. The list of iconic celebs taking part in Super Bowl 2023 commercials keeps growing. Martha Stewart and Snoop Dogg star in Skechers ads, while John Travolta honored his “Grease” co-star Olivia Newton-John, who died in August at the age of 73, in a T-Mobile ad. Alicia Silverstone slipped into a modern version of her famous yellow “Clueless” tartan suit for Rakuten, while Steve Martin and Ben Stiller traded insults all in good fun for Pepsi Zero Sugar.