Traveling gets more expensive every year, especially when it’s done abroad. The average American spends roughly $271 a day during an international trip, and that’s not even taking into account flights, lodging, local transportation, and food. Throw in miscellaneous expenses like tickets to tourist spots and cellphone data, and you just might put yourself in the red if you’re not careful with your budget. If you’re looking to travel abroad in the foreseeable future and want to minimize your expenses as much as you can, a great hack is buying a local sim and opting for something like the aloSIM. It lets you dodge roaming charges and add data whenever you need, and for a limited time, you can score the aloSIM digital SIM card for $25 and get $50 in travel data credit. aloSIM is a lifetime e-SIM that enables you to stay connected in over 120 countries and regions without putting a massive dent in your pocket. Since it’s a digital SIM, it’s basically mobile data that you can keep topping up whenever you need more. It doesn’t incur roaming charges — or any recurring fees, for that matter — and even better, it never expires. You also have the option to load data packages on either your phone, tablet, or computer. Simply pick the plan of your choice and activate it once you land. Redeemed credits don’t expire either, so you can use them on your next trip, no matter how far away that may be. Data packages cost as little as $4.50 and can already last you from 7 to 30 days. With the $50 data credit you’ll get from this deal, you’re pretty much covered for a whole year. This digital SIM card has 4.5 out of 5 stars on the App Store and rave reviews from users. One verified purchaser wrote, “I don’t have a phone plan, so I like being able to get seven-day data packages when I’m going to be somewhere without Wi-Fi. Works great!” Make traveling less costly and stay affordably connected wherever you are in the world. Score $50 in eSIM data credit by purchasing the aloSIM Mobile Data Traveler for just $25. Prices subject to change.