Disney fanatic Jeff Reitz has been the happiest person on earth for over a decade. On Tuesday, Reitz was finally recognized as the Guinness World Record holder for his streak of consecutive visits to Disneyland in Anaheim, Calif. Reitz visited the “Happiest Place on Earth” for 2,995 consecutive days, a streak that began on January 1, 2012 and ended on March 13, 2020 due to the COVID-19 pandemic. The 50-year-old from Huntington Beach, California, who first made headlines in 2017 after reaching 2,000 consecutive visits, said he started the journey on New Year’s day in 2012 with an ex-girlfriend when they were both unemployed and thought it would be fun to visit the theme park every day during the leap year. “It started as a joke between friends,” Reitz told Guinness World Record for his record announcement. As Reitz’s Disney journey gained more traction, his celebrity status around the theme park rivaled Mickey Mouse and Donald Duck. “Then I started having guests in the parks stop me for photos and autographs,” Reitz told the outlet. Throughout his historic trips, Reitz made a variety of postings on Instagram, dedicated to giving his followers news updates about rides and attractions, sharing videos of him throughout the park, and even photos of Disney cast members. After securing a job as a hospital worker, Reitz still visited the park — with friends and by himself — and made sure to mark certain occasions. “Even to hold a full-time job required me to keep close tabs on the park calendar along with my own to be sure I could make it into Disneyland before it closed when they had special events,” Reitz said. Reitz told the outlet he likes to walk around, maybe go on some rides or just relax in a certain area. “I would usually take a walk around the park. I enjoy photography so I was always watching for images to capture that I could post to share,” he added. Reitz didn’t always go on all the rides but he did have a favorite one, “There is only one ‘ride’ in Disneyland, being Mr. Toad’s Wild Ride.” When it was announced in mid-March 2020 that Disneyland would temporarily close due to the pandemic, Reitz documented every moment of the final day of his streak, making eight posts showcasing the final walks of characters and the last sweep-through of the park. Disney awarded the fanatic with a gift basket and an Honorary Citizenship certificate after his 366th visit. He was offered dinner for completing his second year and was gifted a backpack on Day 2,000.