This show is a shore bet. Netflix’s “Outer Banks,” the tale of a group of tan, treasure hunting North Carolina haves and have nots is back for season three, premiering Thursday, February 23rd. Since debuting in April of 2020, the show has consistently struck gold with audiences who can’t get enough of the socioeconomic warfare of the Kooks vs. Pogues, the sun drenched scenery, white collar violence, open water, high stakes crime, car chases and impossibly hot cast, headed up by Chase “publicity stunt” Stokes. Last season saw the plot of ye old treasure hunt thicken with the emergence of the potentially miraculous and absolutely bankable Cross of Santo Domingo, the establishment of desert island Neverland by the name of “Poguelandia” and the resurrection of John B.’s long lost, presumed dead daddy-o. Phew. In celebration of the show’s return we bring you a list of the “Outer Banks” characters as zodiac signs. For more series by the signs, read our character analysis of “Stranger Things,” “Euphoria,” “Wednesday,” “Emily in Paris” and “You.” JJ is the loose cannon, loud mouth and class clown of The Pogues. Described by his BFF John B as the youngest link in a “long line of fishing, drinking, vendetta-holding salt-lifers who made their living off the water,” JJ is both brave and hot headed, two hallmarks of the Aries disposition. More about action than reflection he comes quick and correct to the defense of his friends and is unafraid to throw a punch or take a hit. Taurus is a fixed earth sign resistant to change and loyal to outdated modalities, we see this echoed in Sarah Cameron, played by Madelyn Cline who waxes poetic about the North Star, drawing a clear line between it and her. “It’s the only star that doesn’t move. Everything else spins around that.” True to form bulls often see themselves as a single stable point amidst constant chaos. Prone to pushing people away when emotions are put on the table, Sarah goes full self-aware bull when she admits to ex-bestie Kiara, “When people get close to me, I feel trapped, and I bail, and then I blame them for it. I’m really sorry, and I miss you.” Other evidence of Sarah’s Taurean nature can be found in her want/willingness to be the sugar mama sponsor to John B.’s posh glow up. Gemini is big time kid sister energy. Ceaselessly curious, quick with the quips and prone to wielding information, this sign finds its full expression in Wheezie Cameron, played by Julia Antonelli. Ruled by Mercury, planet of communication, exchange, selfies and live streaming it tracks that a Gemini like Wheezie would earnestly lament, “The WiFi’s not working. I can’t post anything,” in the aftermath of a hurricane, Heyward, played by E. Roger Mitchell is a classic Cancer. Overprotective and emotionally manipulative, Heyward feels deeps, wounds easily and often struggles to see the forest through the trees or the world beyond his own hurts and disappointments. A concerned father figure, he wants more for his son and his care sometimes manifests, as it often does with crabs, as a need to control him. Leo is represented by the regal lion and Topper Thornton, played by real life lion Austin North, is the golden maned, self-proclaimed “King of the Kooks.” Deeply romantic, it tracks that a Leo like Topper would put himself in mortal danger to prove his love to Sarah. Like most lions, Topper’s arrogance and entitlement are performative, and a symptom of the crippling insecurity/absence of acceptance that operates as the thorn in their proverbial paw. The unsung hero of the show is Virgo Pope Heyward. Responsible, solid and endlessly loyal, Heyward is absolutely the brightest bulb in the bunch. He holds himself to an impossible standard but is always willing, after mild protest, to bend the rules and break the law for his besties, a hallmark of this mutable sign. Virgos have a reputation for being both studious and cautious and true to form Pope is a scholar and a proud member of the math team who always considers the consequences of his comrades recklessness. Pope is chock full of good advice that no one ever heeds, the true blue bane of each and every Virgo. In astrology, the sun represents the father figure and is in fall, or weakened in the sign of Libra. In kind and as a curse, many Libras struggle with debilitating daddy issues and feelings of diminished self worth. This leads to natives going to great and at times terrible lengths to garner an attaboy or an “I’m proud of you” from their very difficult dads. The blatant apathy/disregard of their father figures often motivate this sign to strive even harder for an approval they will never earn, a depressing desperation made manifest in Rafe Cameron who killed a man in an attempt to make his dubious dad love him. Sigh. As a fixed water sign and the ruler of the eighth house of sex, death, shadow selves and other people’s money, Scorpio is concerned with power dynamics, survival strategies and getting theirs. Enter resident drug dealer and apex Scorpio Barry Benson, played by Nicholas Cirillo, whose dark good looks, illicit activities and ruthless tactics all speak to his scorpion nature. Sagittarius is a mutable fire sign that tends to act before thinking and beg forgiveness not permission. Impulsive but well intentioned, we see the embers of Sagittarius in John B, played by Chase Stokes. Adventurous, reckless, naively optimistic about the fate of his missing father and prone to being at the wrong place at the wrong time/taking a murder wrap but lucky enough to stay alive and come out on top, John embodies both the divine and detrimental qualities of the Sag spirit. Indomitably optimistic it tracks that an archer like John B. would utter the poetic line, “It might be stormy now, but it can’t rain forever.” Preach, John, preach. Rose Cameron is pure Capricorn. Strategic, successful and stoic she is concerned with outward appearances, aquisitions and social advancement. A cardinal earth sign, Capricorn rules the tenth house of public image and as such values status, luxury goods, cold hard cash and the ability to hold it together when everything is falling apart. There is a quiet, striving energy to Capricorn suggesting they will do whatever it takes to make it to the top and stay there, criminal coverups and all. A brilliant, obsessive, steel eyed/cold hearted millionaire, it tracks that Ward Cameron, played by Charles Esten was revealed to have been born on February 15, a hair past Valentine’s and all Aquarius. This fixed air sign is noted for their ability to emotionally detach from others and disassociate from their own dark dealings. Water bearers are known to wear metaphorical masks that disguise their true nature, a quality we see in Ward who at fist glance appears to be an affable, affluent family man. “What if you just paste on a smile, and go?” Classic villain, absolutely Aquarius, Other evidence of Ward’s Aquarian nature can be found in his propensity to play favorites with his own children and fake his own death. The vibe of Pisces is a little bit manic pixie dream girl, an archetype made manifest in earth loving, escape seeking, peace sign flashing, activist leaning Pogue Kiara Carrera, played by Madison Bailey. There is an ethereal quality to Pisceans that makes them almost universally alluring a point illustrated by Kiara being cruised or crushed on by all of her friends. Apropos of being a water sign, Kiara is the daughter of a fisherman and can blend easily in and between opposing worlds. Astrology 101: Your guide to the stars Astrologer Reda Wigle researches and irreverently reports back on planetary configurations and their effect on each zodiac sign. Her horoscopes integrate history, poetry, pop culture and personal experience. She is also an accomplished writer who has profiled a variety of artists and performers, as well as extensively chronicled her experiences while traveling. Among the many intriguing topics she has tackled are cemetery etiquette, her love for dive bars, Cuban Airbnbs, a “girls guide” to strip clubs and the “weirdest” foods available abroad.