Did you say you wanted to read more books in 2023 and then find yourself one month into the new year with no progress toward that goal? If you thought to yourself, huh, maybe I’ll read faster if I had an e-reader, then I have great news for you: Amazon is running a sale on five of their popular Kindle models. Amazon’s been in the E-reader game since 2007, and they might be the undisputed champion now with a whole line of devices that serve different needs at different price points. All of the Kindle E-readers are compatible with E-books you can purchase from Amazon or directly on your Kindle. Any new Kindle also comes with the option to redeem a three-month free trial to Kindle Unlimited, a subscription-based book borrowing service that lets users have unlimited access to over 3 million titles in the Kindle Unlimited library. It’s also worth noting that the sale prices are for Kindles with lockscreen ads. If you’d rather see the cover of whatever book you’re reading, that’ll cost you $20 more. Right now, you can take up to 31% off five of Amazon’s most popular E-readers. Not sure which one is the best for you? That’s where we come in. Below, we’ve laid out all of the deals from Amazon’s Kindle sale so you can find the best Kindle for you. Amazon’s basic Kindle got a major upgrade last year, and this $75 price tag is the lowest we’ve ever seen it priced at. Available in black and denim, the Kindle was recently redesigned to have a 6-inch screen with the same pixels-per-inch (ppi) as the more expensive Kindles: 300ppi. However, it still only has four front lights and it’s not waterproof. If that’s not a dealbreaker for you, this is a great price for a great product. The Kindle Paperwhite is the one we recommend to most readers. If you can see yourself using your E-reader every single day, the Paperwhite is the way to go. Though the screen resolution is the same as the basic Kindle (300 ppi), the screen gets major upgrades in its larger size (6.8 inches), and 17 front lights. It also has screen warmth in addition to screen brightness, so you can adjust the settings to make your screen the perfect glowy shade for you. While this isn’t the lowest price it’s ever been (it was just $10 cheaper on Black Friday), it’s certainly one of the lower prices we’ve seen over the past year. For just $5 more, you can add 8 GB to the storage of your Kindle Paperwhite. It has all of the same features as the Paperwhite listed above, but it increases the storage so you can fit thousands of books. This deal is currently only available in the agave and denim colorways. The Kindle Paperwhite Signature Edition is currently on sale for the regular price of the basic 8 GB Paperwhite so if you’ve had your eye on it, now is a great time to pick it up. The Signature model takes everything that made the Paperwhite an upgrade from the basic Kindle and made it even better. For example, 32 GB of storage — a full 16 GB more than the highest amount you can get from models below it. It also features wireless charging capabilities and a front light that automatically adjusts to the lighting of any room you’re in for the perfect brightness. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.