Super Bowl weekend got off to a glamorous start for the NFL’s finest on Thursday night. 49ers stars George Kittle and Brock Purdy stepped out for the 2023 NFL Honors at Symphony Hall in Phoenix, Arizona, where they were joined by their significant others, Claire Kittle and Jenna Brandt, respectively, to celebrate the year’s most impactful playmakers and personnel. Dressed in a glitzy gown that she paired with black Mach & Mach heels and chandelier earrings, Claire — who has been married to the Pro Bowl tight end since 2019 — opted to go with her “signature look” for makeup, according to celebrity makeup artist Allison Kaye, who specializes in game-day glam and has worked with NFL WAGs such as Sophie Scott, the girlfriend of Patriots quarterback Mac Jones, and Hannah Lewis, the girlfriend of New England’s rookie signal-caller Bailey Zappe. “Claire’s signature look is glamorous faux lashes, a little winged eyeliner, neutral eyeshadows, and a matte contour face look,” Kaye told The Post on Thursday. “Since her dress was all rhinestones, going with her signature neutral glam was the perfect idea.” In addition to Claire, Kaye also worked with Brandt, who has supported the 23-year-old Purdy throughout what’s been a wild season for the 49ers’ rookie quarterback. “She usually likes to stay super-natural,” Kaye began of Brandt, “so the goal was to be an elevated version of natural glam.” Kaye detailed how she wanted to give Brandt, who wore a sleek gold dress for the big night, “that girl next door look.” To create the style, Kaye used brown and gold eyeshadows from Natasha Denona and liquid eyeliner from Clinique. She added a slight pop of pink with Charlotte Tilbury’s Pillow Talk shade of lipstick. “When you’re doing red carpet or TV, you definitely want a little more makeup than usual,” Kaye said, who worked alongside hairstylist MJ Snyder. “I did what you’d call a ‘neutral glam’ for her.” Although the 49ers’ season ended in late January following a crushing loss to the Eagles in the NFC Championship game, the team made the most of a memorable night out Thursday, when the 29-year-old Kittle channeled his inner-Kelly Clarkson in front of an audience of his peers. The Eagles will face the Chiefs in Super Bowl 2023 on Sunday at State Farm Stadium in Glendale, Arizona.