Gird your loins, the influencer tears Prada. A model has gone viral on TikTok after posting a video of herself cutting up a $2,100 Prada jumpsuit and making the scraps into a skirt and leg warmers for a DIY Milan Fashion Week look. Influencer and model Madeleine White shared the TikTok of her shredding the garment on Friday and has since stitched together nearly 3 million views. “Playing it safe was not on the agenda for @prada day,” she wrote in the video’s caption. “It’s Prada fashion day and I don’t know how I got from filming silly little TikToks in my apartment to here,” said the 27-year-old holding a Prada shopping bag. White then shows viewers the grey jumpsuit she purchased, calling it “chic” and “utilitarian.” That’s when she holds up scissors and declares that it needs “to be a little more me.” After taking a deep breath, White begins to work and hacks away. Eventually, she shows off her “new” blazer crop top and skirt, which she constructed by chopping the legs off the pants. “We don’t waste in this house,” she boldly declares. In an effort to use everything, White then turns the pant legs she snipped off into leg warmers. “God, I have made a real Prada mess in here,” joked the influencer. To complete the DIY outfit, White added a sparkly belt, a see-through bra, black boots with a slight heel and a sparkly mauve bag. Several TikTok users praised the fashionista for her ingenuity. “Most expensive 5-minute crafts ever,” joked one user. “Cutting prada on THE DAY, girl is brave! But what a slay,” praised another. “This looks so much better than the jumpsuit. Prada — give this woman a job! She can add a lot,” said a third person. However, some were not so thrilled with the fashion influencer for snipping up a $2,100 garment. “I am mortified,” one person wrote. “From riches to (literal) rags,” added another. “I mean u can always cut it or u can just accessorize to make it work and your style,” reasoned another person. “It looked fab!! But would a designer be annoyed by that? Or love your creativity,” said a third person. White later revealed that she had checked with Prada to make sure it was OK to cut up and purchased the jumpsuit on her own rather than the company sending her the outfit. “I paid for the jumpsuit,” she wrote in a comment. “I would never do this to a loan.” According to Women’s Wear Daily, White’s creativity in making designer pieces more her own started during the COVID-19 lockdown. “I started posting on TikTok during the pandemic because my work just completely dried up in an instant as it did everyone’s,” said White. “I was like, what can I do with my time since I found myself with a lot of free time. Basically the one thing I knew a lot about and something that was different was I knew how to make and flip clothes. I know how to style, so I was like, let me see if I can do this.” And she totally did. White now boasts a following of four million people on TikTok and 883,00 on Instagram, where she documents her fashion journey and features some outfits that would give Miranda Priestly pause.