This look is fire! A model walked down the runway engulfed in flames at Heliot Emil’s Paris fashion week fall/winter 2023 show Tuesday. The flammable all-black ensemble was set ablaze before the model sauntered down the concrete catwalk. The hot outfit featured a baggy hooded jacket and loose flared pants with zipper details, paired with clunky shoes. The layered look was completed with a small boxed bag, a backpack, a baseball cap with a veil and another hoodie tied around the model’s waist. Videos of the trailblazing moment showed staff members on the sidelines waiting with fire extinguishers, as the crowd, including Avril Lavigne and Tyga, looked stoked while they whipped out their phones. Heliot Emil was founded in 2016 by brothers Julius and Victor Juul, who named the brand after their great-grandfather. The ready-to-wear label is focused on monochromatic unisex clothing inspired by their Scandinavian roots. “This brand is the master of a utilitarian futurism almost like if a Sim spawned on Mars,” Brooklyn fashion blogger Hunter Shires, known online as the High End Homo, told The Post on Tuesday. “After the Coperni show with Bella Hadid’s spray on dress, we have seen a surge of gimmicks hits the fashion scene to gain eyes, attention, and vitality. Sunnei, this Milan season, had models walk the runway to then trust fall onto the crowd. It is a bit ‘tired’ at this point as brands are relying onto social media for buzz/clicks and sales.” Some social media users said the lit look reminded them of the character Katniss Everdeen in the “Hunger Games,” who wears a dress of flames and is nicknamed “the Girl on Fire” — and Kanye West, who set himself on fire onstage at his “Donda” listening party. Others claimed the outfit was “stolen” from unidentified smaller brands. Wacky looks abound at Paris Fashion Week this year. Viktor & Rolf, designers from the Netherlands, revealed topsy-turvy gowns at their show in January. The 18 glittering silhouettes, part of the brand’s spring haute couture collection, were fashioned upside-down, sideways and diagonal — one model even appeared to be impaled by her gown. Paris fashion week continues through March 7, sure to be sparking more heated debate about what’s fashionable.