In 2023, Jason Mraz is embracing a brand new pop sound. And if the jubilant lead single “I Feel Like Dancing” from his upcoming album “Mystical Magical Rhythmical Radical Ride” is any indication, audiences will too. Thankfully, they can join Mraz when he takes off on his nationwide tour from March through August where he’ll debut his lively, new record and play all the hits you know and love like “I’m Yours,” “Lucky” and “I Won’t Give Up.” For New Yorkers that are hoping to see the Virginia native live, make sure to circle Aug. 17 on your calendars too — that’s the date of Mraz’s final show of his 23-concert tour at Queens’ Forest Hills Stadium where he’ll be accompanied by the New York Pops. The special show will feature a career-spanning set from Mraz arranged for the full symphony orchestra. Can’t wait to see Mraz live? Not a problem. You can snag tickets as early as today. While inventory isn’t available on Ticketmaster until Friday, Feb. 24, fans who want to ensure they have tickets ahead of time can purchase on sites like Vivid Seats before tickets are officially on sale. Vivid Seats is a secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand. They have a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and will be delivered before the event.  A complete calendar including all tour dates, venues and links to buy tickets for all shows on the ‘Mystical Magical Rhythmical Radical Ride Tour’ can be found below.  On select dates of the tour, Mraz will be joined by a handful of artists that he calls his Superband. Want to sample their music? You can find each of the artists’ listed below along with their most-streamed song on Spotify below. Grooveline Horns: “Water” feat. Dumpstaphunk, Carlos Sosa, Reggie Watkins and Fernanco Castillo Raining Jane: “Love Is A Battlefield” Molly Miller: “St. George”  Mraz’s eighth studio album, the ten-track “Mystical Magical Rhythmical Radical Ride,” will likely be a departure from the laid-back folk/reggae love songs the 45-year-old singer-songwriter is known for. The genre shake-up was inspired by Mraz’s mother. “I played her some acoustic demos and she was like, ‘Yeah, these are great but y’all need to make a pop album,'” Mraz shared in a release. “She said, ‘Because you’re not getting any younger, and you better do it before it’s too late.’ So anytime we found ourselves needing to pick up the tempo, we’d say, ‘Do it for Mama June.’ “ An impressively staged, one-take music video featuring TikTok star Gianna Marie, “Dancing Weatherman” Nick Kosir and LGBTQ activist Josh Helfgott filmed at the Via Verde Country Club in San Dimas, California can be seen below. “Mystical Magical Rhythmical Radical Ride” is set for release on June 23, 2023.  The verdict is in: pop is all the rage this year. And Mraz won’t be the only pop star on the road in the next few months. Here are just five of our favorite pop stars that may be coming to you in the next few months. • Taylor Swift • Maroon 5 • Coldplay • Ed Sheeran • Pink Interested in other genres too? Check out our list of the 52 biggest concert tours in 2023 here to see who else is playing live near you in the near future.