YouTube has dropped a new feature that will open the doors for content creators to dub their videos in multiple languages without creating new channels — thanks to MrBeast. One of the most-followed creators on YouTube, MrBeast was among the first to test out the new multilingual feature. “Because his content is so wide-reaching, over the past year we’ve asked MrBeast and a small group of creators to help our team test a new feature that lets creators add multi-language audio to their videos,” YouTube Product Manager Ritz Campbell penned in a blog post yesterday. MrBeast, whose real name is Jimmy Donaldson, is known for creating videos with wild stunts for his 135 million followers on the platform. Campbell added that the YouTuber, 24, had dubbed several of his most popular videos in 11 languages. “[MrBeast] is hoping to bring more international viewers to his main channel through the feature,” Campbell added. Before the audio component was launched, vloggers were forced to create different channels for many languages. “Having a lot of different channels is just honestly a lot more work,” MrBeast said in a statement. “It’s just so much easier to have it all in one central place.” Campbell noted that over 3,500 multilanguage videos have since been uploaded in more than 40 languages and the feature will now be available to more influencers. During an interview last month, MrBeast spoke about his “grind mode,” noting that he works up to eight days on video content without stopping. Forbes reported last year that the North Carolina native has a net worth of $500 million. “Weirdly enough, the best thing for my mental health was giving into my innate nature to work,” MrBeast explained. “And the most depressed I get is when I try to restrict it, like, ‘I don’t work weekends’ or ‘I don’t work this day.’ What’s best for me is just to work when I feel like working.” Sometimes, the viral star said, he doesn’t even go to bed when in this “grind mode.” “There are just some nights where I don’t wanna sleep, and for whatever reason, I feel compelled to go all night,” he said. “And when I’m really in the grind mode it’ll be seven or eight days just nonstop going, going, and then I’ll realize, ‘Oh, I need some recharge time,’ and then go f–king binge a season of anime.”