Chilling 911 calls have been released of witnesses describing the gunman who fled on foot from the slaying of New Jersey Councilwoman Eunice Dwumfour — as authorities continue to hunt for the killer. Dwumfour, 30, was gunned down in her SUV outside her home on the evening of Feb. 1. At least two witnesses told dispatchers that they saw a suspect wearing all black flee the scene on foot after killing the Republican borough councilwoman, according to Fox News Digital, which published two of the 911 calls Monday. “I witnessed it from my window; it happened outside,” one man who called 911 from the Camelot at La Mer complex at 7:23 p.m. that evening told dispatchers. “I heard gunshots; I looked out my window,” he continued. “I saw a man shooting into the driver’s side of a white vehicle three times, and then he ran away.” When asked if the witness got a look at the subject, the caller said it was too “far away” to get a great description. “I don’t know what the race was, but he had all black on,” he said. “He left on foot. He ran into one of the hallways,” he said. “And the white car drove up and crashed. The person in that driver’s side is probably not alive,” he continued, referring to Dwumfour. Another man called 911 to report that his wife saw a suspect in “all black” running away from the scene, according to the report. The calls seem to match up with video of the scene, published last week, that showed a person wearing dark clothing darting across the frame. Witnesses told police that they believed the suspect had fled towards the nearby Garden State Parkway. Detectives said it was possible the suspect had also run down an embankment onto Ernston Road, the main thoroughfare leading to the apartment complex. Dwumfour suffered “multiple gunshot wounds” and was pronounced dead at the scene, according to Middlesex prosecutors. Sayreville Borough Council President Christian Onuoha remembered the former pastor and EMT as a selfless person. “Those who knew her as a person, it was very difficult to picture her doing anything that wasn’t about somebody else,” Onuoha told Fox News Digital Friday. Dwumfour reportedly left behind a 12-year-old daughter and multiple stepchildren. One week after her unsolved murder, another New Jersey GOP municipal council member was murdered as he sat in his car about 15 miles away from the scene of the Sayreville slaying. Milford Councilman Russell Heller, 51, was killed in the Somerset parking lot of PSE&G, where he worked, officials said. Cops believe former utility employee Gary Curtis, 58, had pulled the trigger before turning the gun on himself. The murders of the Republican lawmakers were not connected, police said, as they searched for the gunman who killed Dwumfour.