The generally high cost of living and inflated price of groceries have been hurting us all. Some are turning to alternative ways of getting some of the most expensive grocery items, like raising chickens for eggs. But, many people don’t have the resources or time to make such lifestyle changes. You can still shop at the store, but you may have to be a little smarter with where you choose to shop. Sam’s Club is a membership warehouse club where members can find more value for their dollar. Until April 30, you can get a one-year standard membership to Sam’s Club for just $24.99 (reg. $70), with auto-renewal. You will also receive a $20 promo code to use on their travel and entertainment platform when you grab this money-saving membership. As a new Sam’s Club member, you could shop for more than just grocery items, like kitchen supplies, electronics, prepared food items, and so much more. At participating locations, members can get deals on prescriptions, hearing tests, insurance, tire service, travel, glasses and contact services, discounted gift cards, free health screenings, and other great services. That’s a lot of errands under one roof, saving you so much valuable time (and gas money). You may also receive free samples of food or other items as you shop, which is another added treat of being a member. The included $20 promo code can be used toward hotels, movies, theme parks, or anything else found on Sam’s Club’s travel and entertainment platform. Use that $20 on a spring break trip to a theme park with your family, grab some groceries to pack a picnic lunch, and conveniently pick up your prescriptions as well, all by just being a member at Sam’s Club. Families, singles, and roommates alike have given this membership a 5 out of 5-star rating for all the benefits and discounts they’ve enjoyed at Sam’s Club. One verified customer wrote, “Works well and was a great deal! I have been able to use this all the time, and look forward to renewing next year.” Through April 30, grab a standard year-long Sam’s Club membership with auto-renewal, and receive a $20 promo code to use on Sam Club’s travel and entertainment platform, for only $24.99 (reg. $70). Prices subject to change.