Former President Donald Trump accused Atlanta’s district attorney of running a “Kangaroo Court” Wednesday after a series of bizarre media appearances by the forewoman of the special grand jury that probed his actions around the 2020 election. Trump, 76, lashed out after Emily Kohrs, the lead juror on the panel convened by Fulton County District Attorney Fani Willis, spoke to the New York Times, CNN and MSNBC Tuesday to tease the possibility that the 45th president would be indicted — at one point saying she wished Trump had been put under oath. “This Georgia case is ridiculous, a strictly political continuation of the greatest Witch Hunt of all time,” Trump wrote on Truth Social. “Now you have an extremely energetic young woman, the (get this!) ‘foreperson’ of the Racist D.A.’s Special Grand Jury, going around and doing a Media Tour revealing, incredibly, the Grand Jury’s inner workings & thoughts. “This is not JUSTICE, this is an illegal Kangaroo Court. Atlanta is leading the Nation in Murder and other Violent Crimes. All I did is make TWO PERFECT PHONE CALLS!!!,” Trump added, referring to post-election conversations with Georgia Secretary of State Brad Raffensperger that sparked the investigation. Kohrs​ was asked Tuesday by MSNBC if she wanted to hear the former commander-in-chief testify. “​I kind of wanted to subpoena the former president because I got to swear everybody in,” answered Kohrs, 30. “And so I thought it’d be really cool to get 60 seconds with President Trump, of me looking at him and being like, ​’​Do you solemnly swear…’ And me getting to swear him in​.” “I kind of thought that would be an awesome moment. I can see how trying to get the former president to come talk to us would have been a year in negotiation by itself​,” she added, saying that she doubted Trump would have said anything “groundbreaking.” Kohrs also said that she believes more than a dozen people will be indicted by Willis, including figures “you would recognize.” Asked if Trump was on the list, the forewoman said: “I don’t think that there are any giant plot twists coming.” “I don’t think that there are any like giant, ‘That’s not the way I expected this to go at all!’ I, I don’t think that’s in store for anyone,” Kohrs said. While Trump did not appear before the grand jury, former Mayor Rudy Giuliani, Sen. Lindsey Graham (R-SC) and Marc Short, the onetime chief of staff for former Vice President Mike Pence, did testify. Kohrs was also asked about a potential indictment of Trump in an interview with CNN. “I really don’t want to share something that the judge made a conscious decision not to share,” she said. “I will tell you that it was a process where we heard his name a lot. We definitely heard a lot about former President Trump, and we definitely discussed him a lot in the room.” “And I will say that when this list comes out, you wouldn’t — there are no major plot twists waiting for you,” she repeated. Kohrs’ statements have left legal commentators scratching their heads — with CNN analyst Elie Honig, a former US Attorney, calling her “a prosecutor’s nightmare” Tuesday. “This is a horrible idea. And I guarantee you that prosecutors are wincing,​” he told host Anderson Cooper. Cooper marveled at Kohrs’ apparent “eagerness” to be in the limelight and discuss the secret deliberations of a grand jury. “​This is a very serious prospect here,” Honig responded. “We’re talking about indicting any person. You’re talking about potentially taking away that person’s liberty. We’re talking about potentially a former president, for the first time in this nation’s history. She does not seem to be taking that very seriously​.” The commentator added that Trump’s legal team will likely use Kohrs’ statements to dismiss any indictment on the grounds of “grand jury impropriety.” “​She’s not supposed to be talking about anything, really, but she’s really not supposed to be talking about the deliberations​,” he said. “I think she’s potentially crossing a line here. It’s going to be a real problem for prosecutors.​”