Yankees shortstop Isiah Kiner-Falefa brought a special guest to spring training in Tampa, Fla. Kiner-Falefa was spotted leaving the team’s facility with Bella, his mini Goldendoodle, Monday. As he held the dog on his lap, her head poking out of the passenger seat’s window while getting a ride. During an interview with YES Network last year, Kiner-Falefa called Bella his “support dog, pretty much.” She helped get his “mind off the game.” He created a specific Instagram account for Bella, and whenever he needed a break, Kiner-Falefa would look at photos on Bella’s page and those of other dogs. “I think I’ve learned over the past couple years, the more you can enjoy yourself and separate yourself from the game, the more success you’re gonna have,” Kiner-Falefa told YES Network in the interview. “It’s a tough game. It’s a grind. So you need those outlets. And I think having a dog and just a family, it’s a big help.” Dogs have impacted other Yankees players recently, too, as Aaron Judge revealed on “The Tonight Show” with Jimmy Fallon that Anthony Rizzo’s dog played a role in his return to The Bronx this offseason. Rizzo would reportedly text Judge daily with photos of their dogs — Kevin for Rizzo, Penny for Judge — together. “He went for my heart,” said Judge, who later signed a nine-year, $360 million contract. Pitchers and catchers report for the Yankees on Thursday, while position players follow Feb. 20. Manager Aaron Boone said in January that the team will have a competition for shortstop in spring training and Grapefruit League games, with Oswald Peraza and prospect Anthony Volpe trying to unseat Kiner-Falefa for a spot in the lineup. Kiner-Falefa struggled at times throughout his first season with the Yankees — who acquired him from the Twins in the deal that sent catcher Gary Sanchez and infielder Gio Urshela to Minnesota — and was benched in the playoffs. He hit .261 across 142 games, but “pressing” on defense, as Boone described his struggles, caused the manager to replace him for Game 4 of the ALDS against Cleveland and for parts of the ALCS against Houston.