Flaunt what you’ve got — or, in one woman’s case, what you don’t have. Stephanie Germino, 29, made the difficult decision to have a double mastectomy and opted against post-surgery reconstruction — but she’s proud of her flat chest, despite what cruel trolls say. Germino, from Tampa, Florida, has a family history of breast cancer. She first watched her grandmother struggle with the disease twice and then saw her mom test positive with the same genetic mutation. With a 50% chance she carries the same gene, the mom of one went under the knife on Oct. 27, 2021, and says she now feels “confident and badass” with her new chest. “I wasn’t going to wait until something actually happened to me before doing something about it,” the beauty salon owner told South West News Service. “I didn’t want to take that risk.” According to the National Cancer Institute, about 13% of women will develop breast cancer during their lives. Data shows that 55% to 72% of women who inherit the BRCA1 variant — which Germino’s mom had — will develop breast cancer by the time they are 70 to 80 years old. After having her double-D cup breasts removed, Germino decided against a reconstruction to avoid further complications, even though her surgeon told her she’d regret it. “[I] told them I wanted to be ‘as flat as a pre-pubescent boy,’ and I don’t regret it at all!” she said, noting that her fiancé, Diana Morgan, 35, says she looks great boobless. “It only took one conversation with my fiancé to think I’d look fabulous being flat because there are less risks than getting implants,” she said. Inspired to share her story and normalize her flat chest, Germino started posting to TikTok in June 2022. “People tell me ‘nobody wants to see this,’ but then I look and find that they’re actually following my account!” the mom, who has 2,134 followers on the app, said. However, she says not everyone has been supportive of her decision — with trolls attacking her decision and flat chest. “When people see my chest on TikTok, lots assume I am transitioning, which I’m not,” she explained. “Others say they feel sorry for my partner or tell me no man will want me,” she continued. “The most original one is people telling me to ‘put a shirt on’  — I just say ‘no thanks, I’d rather not.’ “ “For anyone feeling insecure, comments like I get could put them in a really bad place,” Germino admitted, but says she is happy with her choice and wouldn’t change it. “I am so confident in my decision and my flat chest,” she continued. “I just don’t care!”