Creed is leaving “The Office” and hitting the road. In case you weren’t aware, Bratton, who turned heads as the co-worker you don’t know anything about in the hit NBC workplace sitcom, doesn’t just act. He’s also an accomplished singer and musician who played with classic rockers The Grassroots in the 1960s. And now he’s returning to venues all over North America for seven shows from March through April. On the run, the 80-year-old folk rocker will even make a stop in New York when he plays Waterloo’s The Vine at Del Lago Resort and Casino on March 3. Unfortunately, at the time of publication, there is no Scranton show scheduled. However, if you want to see if Creed is coming to a city near you this spring, we’ve got everything you need to know below.  A complete calendar including all upcoming tour dates, venues and the cheapest tickets available for each show can be found below. (Note: The New York Post confirmed all above prices at the publication time. All prices are subject to fluctuation and include additional fees at checkout.) Vivid Seats is a verified secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand. They offer a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and your tickets will be delivered prior to the event.  Bratton has stayed active releasing new music as recently as 2021. His latest single “Breathe Easy” has a light, tropical sound that wouldn’t be out of place at an upscale restaurant. However, he’s a versatile rocker and each track sounds a bit different as evidenced by the quiet jam “Tall Grass” that is pure garage rock complete with production value. For a fuller picture, we recommend checking out his blues-y 2020 record “Slightly Altered.” We were taken aback by how much attitude Bratton packed into the Tom Waits-esque album opener “Mose Was A Runner.” Still, no song is quite as fun as the country jam “Bug Spattered.” You can hear the 10-track album in its entirety here.  Bratton isn’t the only star we were surprised to see hitting the road in 2023. Here are just five of our favorite left-field acts you can catch at a venue near you in the next few months. • Steve Martin with Martin Short • Tina Fey with Amy Poehler • Fran Lebowitz • Mandy Patinkin • William Shatner Looking for something a bit more conventional? Here are 52 of the biggest concert tours in 2023.