As the seventh and final season of “Riverdale” approaches, its creator and showrunner, Roberto Aguirre-Sacasa, and his husband, stage manager Barclay Stiff, have listed their classic Astor Court co-op on the Upper West Side for $925,000. That’s slightly less than the purchase price, when Aguirre-Sacasa bought the unit for $950,000 in 2014. The one-bedroom, one-bathroom home at 205 W. 89th St., features a windowed kitchen, wood floors, 10-foot ceilings, crown moldings and west-facing windows. The elegant pad opens to a foyer with a large closet and bookshelves, which all leads to a spacious living room with recessed ceilings, space for art and an oversize window overlooking Broadway. There’s also an alcove with floor-to-ceiling built-ins and a desk area for a home office. The smart-wired home features ceiling surround speakers. No, they aren’t leaving New York. The couple also owns a one-bedroom at the famed Dakota just upstairs from Yoko Ono, which they bought for $2.2 million in May 2020. That unit, on the building’s second-highest floor, features Central Park and city skyline views from every room. The Dakota, at 1 W. 72nd St., was built in 1884 and designed by architect Henry J. Hardenbergh of Plaza Hotel fame. It has long been known as the first luxury apartment building in the United States — and it was also the site of John Lennon’s murder in 1980. By the end of 2020, the couple made another purchase on the West Coast, buying an eight-bedroom, 8,346-square-foot, century-old LA manse for $8.75 million from actress Bridget Fonda and Oscar-nominated film composer Danny Elfman, of “Good WIll Hunting.” Aguirre-Sacasa, a veteran playwright, was also a writer/producer for “Big Love” and “Glee” before he created the CW series “Riverdale” and the Netflix series “Chilling Adventures of Sabrina.” He’s also chief creative officer for Archie Comics. Listing the Astor Court home, Aguirre-Sacasa told Gimme, “feels like a real full-circle moment for me — in a good way. I wrote the ‘Riverdale’ pilot in this Astor Court apartment, looking out on Broadway. The Upper West Side has always been such a place of inspiration for me. It feels right to be passing this gem on as ‘Riverdale’ enters its last season.” The Astor Court’s listing brokers are Christopher Kromer and Nora Ariffin of Brown Harris Stevens, who also repped the couple in their Dakota purchase. That apartment renovation, slowed down by the pandemic, was recently completed. The Astor Court, built in 1915, was designed by architect Charles Platt for developer Vincent Astor. It features a landscaped English garden courtyard, a resident super, a roof terrace, laundry, a children’s playroom and bike storage.