Los Angeles County’s woke District Attorney George Gascón has reportedly suspended the lead attorney who prosecuted a trans woman convicted of molesting a 10-year-old girl. Deputy District Attorney Shea Sanna, 34, was slapped with the suspension after he argued that jailhouse phone calls showed the convicted molester Hannah Tubbs, 26, was trying to use gender identity to manipulate the justice system — making people in Gascón’s office uncomfortable, sources told Fox News. Tubbs made national headlines last year when she was sentenced to two years in a youth treatment facility after pleading guilty to the sickening crime — because Gascón failed to file a motion to move the case into adult court. Tubbs was 17 when she sexually assaulted the child in a Denny’s bathroom in Palmdale in 2014. She allegedly began identifying as female after being arrested, according to Fox News. Sanna was the prosecutor who was initially assigned to the case and fiercely argued that Tubbs should have been tried as an adult, condemning Gascón as being soft on crime. Judge Mario Barrera said several times at the January 2022 hearing he was limited to sentencing Tubbs to two years because of Gascón’s office not filing a request to send her case to adult court. “You have a violent sexual predator sentenced to two years in a juvenile facility,” Sanna seethed after the hearing. The top DA was then later forced to admit that the sentence in the child molestation case was too lenient — after Tubbs reportedly boasted about getting off easy and made ugly comments involving the young victim while in custody. Tubbs’ victim, now an adult, also slammed Gascón last year and said the light sentence was unfair. “I’ve also heard that my attacker goes by she/them pronouns now,” she told Fox News. “I see it also unfair to try him as a woman as well, seeing how he clearly didn’t act like one on January 1st of 2014.” An internal investigation into Sanna was launched last August, the LA Times reported. The probe stemmed from allegations that the deputy district attorney misused county resources, released confidential information and made inappropriate public statements, the prosecutor’s attorney Greg Smith told the outlet at the time. It is not clear if the investigation involved comments he made about the Tubbs case, but Smith expressed concern that his client was being punished for criticizing Gascón. “My concern is they may be using him as an example to frighten other DAs from coming forward and publicly making statements that are negative to Gascón,” Smith told the Times. Tubbs has since been charged with murder in connection with a 2019 robbery and was transferred to a men’s jail in Kern County. She is being held on $1 million bond. In May 2022, she pleaded not guilty to the second-degree murder and robbery charges. The two cases are unrelated.