There’s a reason The Beatles remind us they “get by with a little help from my friends.” As musician, songwriter and American treasure Bill Withers espoused in “Use Me,” one of the sexiest masochism over loneliness soundtracks of all time: “I wanna spread the news/ That if it feels this good gettin’ used/ Oh, you just keep on usin’ me/ Until you use me up.” In a surprise to absolutely no one, Withers was a Cancer. What’s the harm in using someone or being used for sex or keeping a few friends with benefits on the old call list? Nothing as long as everyone’s clear on the terms and, of course, orgasms must go both ways. However, more often than not, the waters get murky, water signs get hurt and the divide between causal and committed, interested and only interested between the hours of midnight and four AM, gets blurry and bleary. What signs are the zodiac’ wheels resident no strings attached types? Read on to learn more. Known for their delicate pride and god complexes, Leos need worship and the validation of human touch more than any other sign in the zodiac. More often than not, Leo will have a stable of admirers ready to adulate and friends willing to offer carnal benefit. When they feel low, they get down and are not above using someone for the fleeting feeling of fullness that being wanted provides. Case in point, Bill “Managing My Anxieties” Clinton. I am basing this classification on the prime list of Libra f**k bois in the world of entertainment. Looking at you John Mayer, Shaggy, and Nick Canon. These people are aces at feigning romance, tenderness and genuine interest and that’s what makes them the most monstrous of the lot. They prefer to keep things topical and sex casual with a heavy dose of slick. Not for nothing, the woman that allegedly inspired Drake’s “Hotline Bling,” is a Libra. Capricorn is just as horny as every other earth sign albeit busier and endlessly less interested in all the entanglements and expectations of a romantic relationship. Sea goats view sex as a release valve and their partners more accessories to the act than equals in it. They need to get off but they have very little interest in catching feelings, making friends or even acquaintance with benefits their preferred arrangement. Capricorn is also the sign of sex as transaction and they are more than willing, and in fact pretty turned on by the prospect, power and professional flex of paying for sex. Astrology 101: Your guide to the stars Astrologer Reda Wigle researches and irreverently reports back on planetary configurations and their effect on each zodiac sign. Her horoscopes integrate history, poetry, pop culture and personal experience. She is also an accomplished writer who has profiled a variety of artists and performers, as well as extensively chronicled her experiences while traveling. Among the many intriguing topics she has tackled are cemetery etiquette, her love for dive bars, Cuban Airbnbs, a “girls guide” to strip clubs and the “weirdest” foods available abroad.