She’s a-shoring fans that it was her fault. A bride-to-be is speaking out after she and her fiancé went viral after allegedly dropping the engagement ring into the sands of Coogee Beach in Sydney, Australia, but now the woman is dusting off the rumors and claiming responsibility. “So he didn’t drop it but I did after it was on my finger,” explained the blushing bride to 9Honey. According to the bride, the ring was a replacement due to the fact the mother-of-the-groom was denied entry into the country with the real ring. “So it was too big,” said Sai. “The measurement I gave was from another shop. So it wasn’t the same.” The pair initially met online before meeting in person in Singapore. According to Sai, the couple had been dating for four years and three months but had been doing long distance for three years. The bungled proposal went viral on Tiktok with nearly 3 million views and show Zay, the aspiring groom standing in front of several lights and a huge sign spelled out “Marry Me.” After Zay seemingly failed to produce the ring, chaos ensued causing several onlookers to charge the beach in an effort to find the ring. Thankfully it was found by a local onlooker. “I forgot to ask her contact [details] but she took a photo with me,” Sai explained. “I feel so blessed that everyone was so kind and enthusiastic to help me find it. Another part, I was also scared… what if someone found it and took it?” Sai later posted a photo revealing her answer. “I said YES! Completely taken by surprise and completely in love. I never could have imagined a proposal as perfect and magical as the one you gave me.” gushed Sai on Instagram. “You have a way of making everything so special and unforgettable. Thank you for making me the happiest person in the world. I am so grateful to have you as my partner, my best friend, and now, my fiancé.” Sai later poked fun at her fiancé by reposting the viral TikTok. “Pro tip from my fiancé: Don’t propose with a loose ring on the sand. Knew we’d end up on TikTok and news,” she wrote.