It’s “A Simple Song” and Chris Stapleton rocked it — in soulful, country style — at Super Bowl 2023. Stapleton, 44, was been tapped to sing the national anthem at Sunday’s Super Bowl LVII. Oscar-winning “CODA” actor Troy Kotsur, who was the second deaf actor to win an Academy Award, signed the national anthem as well. The “Tennessee Whiskey” crooner joined the ranks of Mariah Carey, Whitney Houston and the Chicks to make national anthem history. The performances at State Farm Stadium in Glendale, Arizona, will preface the match between the Kansas City Chiefs and Philadelphia Eagles – with a halftime show by Rihanna. Stapleton, an eight-time Grammy winner, will jet off on a stadium tour in May, which will begin in Texas and make stops in Oklahoma, California, Washington and more. The 44-year-old country singer was named the Country Music Association’s male vocalist of the year in 2022, adding to his impressive sheet of music accords, such as the American Country Music Awards’ 2021 album of the year and 2020’s artist-songwriter of the decade. In 2022, he swept the country competition at the Grammys, winning Best Country Solo Performance, Best Country Song and Best Country Album. The prolific musician has had 14 hits on the Billboard 100 chart in his career, with his tune “You Should Probably Leave” remaining on it for 36 weeks. He was even named by Rolling Stone as one of the greatest singers of all time, landing at No. 170 on their list of 200 artists. The Lexington, Kentucky, native is married to singer-songwriter Morgane Stapleton, with whom he has five children. In a CBS interview, he revealed that he, his wife and his band have a jam session before every show, telling the outlet that despite his untraditional country tunes, he’s still a country boy at heart. “I’m just trying to be the best version of that that I can be,” he said last year. “And whether that’s playing a song that leans into blues or a song that leans into R&B or a song that leans into really distinctly outlaw country.” “I love all that music,” he added. “And I don’t feel limited to playing one type of song.” The country-ish star graduated from high school with stellar grades, going on to attend Vanderbilt University before transferring to Kentucky and ultimately dropping out to pursue his dream of writing music. Before his songwriting days, he was a biomedical engineering major – although he admits it wasn’t for him. Going to Nashville, he was hired by a music publishing company where he wrote songs for many country greats, and to this day has written thousands of songs, he spitballed to CBS. While he was content writing songs for others, his powerful voice garnered the attention of industry honchos – specifically, Universal Music Group. He signed a contract with the record label after being prodded by his wife to pursue the spotlight, yet his career flopped at first. It wasn’t until 2015 that he skyrocketed to fame. “It was electric, kinda lightning in a bottle kinda moments, that was one of ’em, for sure. Maybe the biggest one for us, you know?” he told CBS, recalling the 2015 CMA Awards performance with pop star Justin Timberlake, at which time he also scored four awards. “Most people that were watching that show had never heard of me at that point,” said Stapleton. “And then sales of that record went up, you know, a bazillion percent. And it was just nutty after that.”