There’s only a few things you can rely on in this life: death, taxes, and the necessity of boots in the wintertime. We’ll break it down for you: with winter comes inclement weather. Ideally snow, but sometimes sleet, freezing rain, slush, hail, etc. A normal pair of sneakers just can’t cut it. If you tried to wear your Nike’s out in a snowstorm, nice as they are, your socks would get wet. That’s not ideal. Luckily, even as we round the corner into March, there are still great deals on boots, shoes, and more. Our favorite this week? The Winter Blowout Sale at Zappos, featuring savings of up to 60% off huge brands like Sperry, UGG, Sorel, New Balance, Tommy Hilfiger, and more. Now until Saturday, Mar. 4, save on boots, jackets, running shoes, and more. Below, we’ve rounded up ten of our favorite deals from Zappos Winter Blowout Sale, including some bestsellers, to keep your feet warm and dry, and your wallet fat and healthy in this, late winter 2023. You ever wish you could wear a slipper outside? So do we. Which is why we’re so excited to see these ultra-comfortable, modern-casual Hey Dude loungers on sale from Wally for under $45. Important to note: if your boots aren’t waterproof, they won’t be of much use against the snow. Luckily, you can save over $100 today on this pair of Joan of Arc Waterproof Boots from Sorel. Prefer a slightly smaller boot? Sorel is also offering these adorable Evie Cozy Lace-Up Boots for nearly $100 off for their Winter Blowout Sale. When they say blowout, they aren’t kidding. Who says winter footwear can’t still be chic? If anyone ever did, The Dani Chelsea Lugsole Boot from Madewell should put those rumors to rest. Even better: they’re now nearly $100 off from Zappos. Not all winter footwear needs to be worn outside. When you wake up, and your house is colder than you’d like it to be, try this Scuffette II Chunky Sequin slippers from Ugg, now under $50. We gotcha! We bet you didn’t think that a pair of running shoes would make our list, but this deal on Fresh Foam 680v7’s New Balance’s is just too good to leave on the table. Do you plan on off-roading this winter? On foot, we mean. Then we suggest these handsome Saltwater Alpine Leather Boots from Sperry, perfect for keeping your toes warm, no matter the conditions. If Joan of Arc had made it to 2023, we believe (in much the same way that Sorel does), that she’d be wearing these Joan of Arctic Wedge III Zip Boots. We also believe she would’ve loved the price tag. Have a big meeting to get to, but want to keep your feet warm and comfortable? Try these Tommy Hilfiger Syler Boots, on sale now from Zappos. It’s not just shoes on sale this week at Zappos. This Marmot Lanigan Flannel Chore Coat, a great piece for shifting seasons, is over $40 off this week, thanks to the Winter Blowout Sale. For more content, check out the New York Post Shopping section.