One Eagles WAG took her frustration to social media after Philadelphia was defeated 38-35 by the Chiefs in Super Bowl 2023 on Sunday. Leah Covey — who’s married to Eagles receiver Britain Covey — said she was “embarrassed for the Chiefs” after they celebrated their victory following a questionable holding call on Eagles cornerback James Bradberry that set up Kansas City’s game-winning field goal kick. “Honestly embarrassed for the Chiefs rn??” Leah wrote over an Instagram Story post after the game, which included a photo of her making a thumbs-down while the Chiefs celebrated on the field at State Farm Stadium in Glendale, Ariz. “That was embarrassing,” Leah mouthed in a TikTok video while using a voiceover filter. “I really hope you’re embarrassed.” Leah, who’s expecting a baby boy with Covey sometime in March, explained her second-hand embarrassment in the same post. “Watching the Chiefs celebrate their win on the field after the weakest holding call and running the game clock for the last 5 minutes,” Leah wrote over the video, which showed her wearing her husband’s No. 18 Eagles jersey. Covey and his wife celebrated their third wedding anniversary last month following Philadelphia’s 31-7 win over the 49ers in the NFC Championship game. The controversial holding call in the fourth quarter had Philadelphia fans furious, along with with athletes including LeBron James, who called out the Super Bowl 2023 referees. With the game tied 35-35 and 1:54 remaining, the Chiefs faced a third-and-8 from the Philly 15-yard line. Patrick Mahomes failed to connect on a pass to wideout JuJu Smith-Schuster — and referees threw a flag on the play, signaling a holding call on Bradberry. It gave the Chiefs an automatic first down, allowing them to run the clock before kicking the game-winning field goal. After the game, Bradberry admitted he held Smith-Schuster’s jersey on the play. “It was a holding,” Bradberry told reporters in the locker room. “I tugged his jersey. I was hoping they would let it slide.” Leah joined Eagles fans in their frustration following the devastating loss. Meanwhile, back in Philadelphia, Eagles fans still took to the streets to support their team. Eagles fans took over Broad Street on Sunday night, with some supporters pounding drums and climbing light poles. Houston Rockets rookie Jabari Smith Jr. filmed the melee outside of his hotel window in Center City Philadelphia, where the team is staying ahead of the game against the Sixers on Monday.