New York Post readers can get their hands on a sweet new customer offer with the Caesars Sportsbook promo code NPBONUSFULL. New users can apply the promo code to place a first bet up to $1,250 on Caesars, and if it loses, that same amount is returned back as bet credits. For example, if you sign up and make an initial wager for $140 that loses — you still get back $140 in bet credits, and so on up to $1,250. Follow the link below to find out more about Caesars’ offer so you can have it ready for the San Jose State Spartans hosting the New Mexico Lobos on Friday night in the Bay Area. This offer is applicable to any sport on Caesars. New customers on Caesars can apply promo code NPBONUSFULL to get up to $1,250 in bet credits. It just requires is a first bet of $10 or more, and you don’t have to think about losing your money because the amount of your losing wager gets returned back in bet credits. If you win, you receive your winnings just like normal. The promo code NPBONUSFULL also allows users to get 1,000 Tier credits and 1,000 Reward credits just for signing up. With no NBA and limited college basketball options to bet on this Friday night, bettors should look to the West Coast for some interesting betting options. The San Jose State Spartans host the New Mexico Lobos tonight in a game that Caesars Sportsbook lists as a pick ’em. San Jose State is my play here because of how badly New Mexico has played recently and some of the Lobos’ injury issues. New Mexico is 19-7 and on the NCAA Tournament bubble, but it has dropped four games in a row, most recently a ghastly 70-56 road loss to an 8-win Wyoming squad on Tuesday. The Lobos are playing their worst basketball at the worst time of the season and it doesn’t help that the team’s second-leading scorer Jaelen House has missed their last two games with a hamstring injury and is uncertain to play tonight in San Jose. The Spartans also aren’t a pushover at 16-10 and they should be able to defeat a struggling New Mexico team that could be without its second-best player. Go with SJSU to pick up a Mountain West conference win by using promo code NPBONUSFULL on Caesars.  21+. Available in AZ, CO, IA, IL, IN, KS, LA, MI, NJ, NY, TN, VA, WV only. Full T&C apply. Who doesn’t like a little extra bang for their buck? Caesars Profit Boosts increase the net winnings of your bet by a given percentage and can be applied to all sorts of bets. Profit Boosts can be used on straight bets (money line, spread, total) and parlays, but there are also boowtw that are exclusively for straight bets only, parlays only, or even parlays with a set number of legs. Profit Boosts can be applied to a variety of sports and bet types, but only those available will appear in your bet slip. Make sure to look for any profit boosts in your ‘Bonus Drawer’ on Caesars Sportsbook.