A 67-year-old woman was critically injured in a massive early-morning Brooklyn blaze caused by e-bike batteries, officials said Tuesday. The inferno tore through all three floors of the home on Goodwin Place near Greene Avenue in Bushwick around 4:40 a.m. — marking the city’s 24th fire caused by lithium ion batteries since the start of the year, the FDNY said. The gravely injured woman was taken to Wyckoff Heights Medical Center, where she is fighting for her life, according to police. Another civilian went to the same hospital with a minor injury, a Fire Department spokesman said. FDNY Commissioner Laura Kavanagh later confirmed at a press conference that the fire was caused by “e-bikes and lithium ion batteries.” Chief Fire Marshal Daniel E. Flynn said 50 of the batteries were found inside the building — and that one resident, who was not home at the time, was working on repairing the devices. “There were also many that were charging at the time,” Flynn said of the batteries. “Nobody was watching them charge, so they had charged them overnight.” The fast-moving blaze trapped the critically injured victim, according to Flynn. “In a traditional fire, which develops rather slowly, we believe that the victim would have been able to make their way out,” the fire marshal said. “There were working smoke detectors. There were working sprinklers inside. “These [battery] fires, when they do occur, they occur so violently that it traps the occupants, [so] they’re unable to get out.” Last week, Kavanagh sent a letter to the US Consumer Product Safety Commission about her concerns over the batteries. In 2022, 219 Big Apple fires were caused by the devices, with a total of 147 injuries and six deaths, Kavanagh wrote. So far this year, one person has died in a fire sparked by the batteries — a man in his 60s killed in a late January blaze that erupted inside a three-story home at 24-37 89th St. in East Elmhurst, Queens. Earlier this month, three Manhattan kids were hurt when an e-bike battery caught fire in their Inwood apartment at 165 Sherman Ave., officials said. An adult also was critically injured in the blaze. “This is a critical safety issue both for New Yorkers and for our members,” Kavanagh told reporters Tuesday. “We are coming at this problem from all angles.” She urged the public to avoid tampering with the devices, charging them while sleeping or placing them in hallways or near the only means of egress. “We believe we will create safer devices in the future, but in the interim, we really need people to treat these as carefully as they need to be because they are very dangerous,” she said.