The New York Rangers are on an absolute tear right now. The Blueshirts have won six in a row and are 21-4-3 since losing to Chicago on Dec. 3. The team was already in good form before making a move for Vladimir Tarasenko, but the addition of the former St. Louis Blue has provided an extra spark, as the Rangers are 3-0 with Tarasenko in the lineup and have scored 18 goals in that span. In fact, the Rangers have scored at least four goals in six straight games. Should bettors expect this roll to continue in Edmonton? While the Rangers are arguably the hottest team in hockey over the last couple of months, the Oilers are not all that far behind. The Rangers have the second-best record in the NHL over their last 10 games, but Edmonton is right behind the Blueshirts in third. The Rangers have the third-best points percentage over their last 25, but once again the Oilers are not far behind in sixth. In fact, you could argue these teams have endured similar seasons so far. Both were trendy picks to represent their conference in the Stanley Cup Final, but stumbled out of the gates. But things are looking a lot prettier now, with the two teams posting a 31-10-9 record in their last 50 games combined. The one difference that does stand out between these two teams is their statistical portfolio at 5-on-5. Because of the starpower on both rosters, neither the Oilers nor Rangers need to dominate the puck to have success, that said it does help if you’re pushing play in the right direction. While Edmonton has posted the third-best expected-goals rate and second-best high-danger chance percentage over their last 25 games, the Rangers rank 25th and 26th, respectively, in those same metrics. It’s not a huge concern for the Blueshirts because they have elite goaltending and finishing talent, but it does make life a little more difficult against top opposition. And what’s really flying under the radar for the Oilers is that it’s the team’s defense that is doing a lot of the heavy lifting right now. No team has conceded fewer high-danger scoring chances over its last 25 games than Edmonton and the Oilers rank sixth in expected goals against in that frame. Stopping the Rangers comes down to limiting their looks and being clinical when you get opportunities and right now the Oilers should be able to handle that assignment. So much in betting comes down to timing and figuring out the right moment to bet against a team that is riding high. The Rangers are flying, but they’re shooting 18.3% over this six-game winning streak and 15% over their last 10 games. At some point that’ll slow down.