Over 30 “Saturday Night Live” cast members are touring this year. Just a few of the most high-profile alum on the road over the next few months include Adam Sandler, Chris Rock, Sarah Silverman, Tracy Morgan and Martin Short (with Steve Martin) to name just a few. However, none have demanded overnight buzz quite like Tina Fey and Amy Poehler’s upcoming four-show ‘Restless Leg’ Comedy Tour. On their first-ever tour, Tina Fey promised the shows will be “an evening of comedy, conversation, improv, maybe a little slow dancing between us” on Instagram. The duo, who co-anchored “SNL’s” Weekend Update, portrayed Sarah Palin and Hillary Clinton on the show and hosted the Golden Globes together four times, begin the quick run where they’ll celebrate “30 years of friendship” at April 28 at Washington, D.C.’s DAR Constitution Hall. From there, the “30 Rock” and “Parks and Recreation” stars (as well as “Baby Mama” and “Sisters” co-stars) will hit Chicago’s Chicago Theatre on May 20, Boston’s MGM Music Hall at Fenway on June 9 and finally Atlantic City’s Etess Arena at Hard Rock Hotel and Casino on June 10. And if you want to treat yourself to tickets to see the “Only Murders In The Building” and  “Upright Citizens Brigade” stars live as soon as today, you can. Although inventory isn’t available on Ticketmaster until Friday, Feb. 17, fans who want to ensure they have tickets ahead of time can purchase on sites like Vivid Seats before tickets are officially on sale. Vivid Seats is a secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand. They have a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and will be delivered before the event.  A complete calendar including all of Fey and Poehler’s upcoming ‘Restless Leg’ tour dates, which was impeccably announced on Galentine’s Day, can be found below.  Fey, 52, has left her stamp on the entertainment world with her distinctive voice on shows like “30 Rock,” “The Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt” and “Mr. Mayor” as well as the 2004 film “Mean Girls.” Next up, she’s adapting “Mean Girls” once again. In 2017, the musical stage version of the hit comedy debuted in Washington, D.C. before its Broadway run which closed once COVID-19 closures took place. Now, three years later, the story of Cady Herron, Regina George and “The Plastics” will return once more in a musical reboot of the film for Paramount+. Filming begins March 6 and runs through April 19 in Middletown Township, NJ. The movie will star Angourie Rice (“Spider Man: No Way Home”), Reneé Rapp (HBO’s “The Sex Lives of College Girls”), Auli’i Cravalho (“Moana”), and Jaquel Spivey (Broadway’s “A Strange Loop”); Arturo Perez and Samantha Jaye direct from a script by Fey with lyrics from Nell Benjamin. In addition to “Mean Girls,” Fey currently has a recurring role on Hulu’s “Only Murders In The Building” and is set to appear in two upcoming films. First, Fey is slated to star in John Slattery’s crime thriller “Maggie Moore(s)” opposite Jon Hamm. The story takes place in a quiet town until two women with the same name are both murdered in quick succession. Expect trailers soon; the movie hit theaters May 11. Then, she’ll pop up in the latest installment of Kenneth Branagh’s Hercule Poirot series. The next film, titled “A Haunting in Venice,” features Branagh, Fey and big names like Michelle Yeoh and Jamie Dornan. It is expected to be released in September 2023.  Poehler, 51, has made her mark behind the camera these past few years having directed the 2019 ensemble Netflix comedy “Wine Country” starring Maya Rudolph, Rachel Dratch, Ana Gasteyer, Paula Pell and Emily Spivey as well as the 2021 dramedy “Moxie” and 2022 Lucille Ball documentary “Lucy and Desi.” Yet, you may have seen her most recently reprising her role of “Parks and Recreation’s” Leslie Knope on the Aubrey Plaza-hosted episode of “Saturday Night Live.” She appeared in both Plaza’s monologue and during Weekend Update where she read a joke in character as Knope. What’s on the horizon? In the near future, you can catch Poehler in Chelsea Peretti’s satirical “First Time Female Director” alongside Peretti, Megan Mullally, Max Greenfield, Natasha Leggero and Andy Richter. Come 2024, she’ll star in “Napoleon Dynamite” directors Jared and Jerusha Hess’ “Nicktoons” as Bessie Higginbottom and then return to Pixar’s “Inside Out” for the film’s sequel titled “Inside Out 2.”  You wouldn’t believe it but 31 current and former “Not Ready For Primetime Players” are striking out on their own this year. Here are just five more of our most anticipated acts you may be able to catch, um, live, over the next few months. • Leslie Jones • David Spade • Kevin Nealon • Chris Redd • Melissa Villaseñor Want to see who else from the show might be coming to a venue near you? Check out our list of all “SNL” cast members on tour in 2023 here.