A guest on MSNBC launched a racially charged attack against ​former Ambassador to the United Nations ​Nikki Haley on Sunday night, accusing the Republican presidential candidate of using her “brown skin to launder white supremacist talking points.” “​I see her​ ​and I feel sad because she uses her brown skin as a weapon against poor black folks and poor brown folks, and she uses her brown skin to launder white supremacist talking points​,” Daily Beast columnist Wajahat Ali said on “The Mehdi Hasan Show.” Haley, ​51, the former South Carolina governor whose parents were immigrants from India, announced her bid last week to challenge former President Donald Trump for the Republican nomination in 2024. Last week, “CNN This Morning” co-host Don Lemon sparked an uproar when he claimed Haley was not “in her prime” after she called for mental competency tests for politicians over the age of 75. “If you Google when is a woman in her prime, it’ll say 20s, 30s and 40s,” the 56-year-old Lemon said on Thursday’s show. Lemon has not appeared on the air since, apparently due to an extended holiday in Miami Beach. Ali, a Pakistani American and author of the book “Go Back To Where You Came From: And Other Helpful Recommendations on How to Become American” argued that Haley’s parents benefited from the Immigration and Nationality Act of 1965, which was strongly supported by civil rights activists. “Her father came here because he was a professor, he taught at a historically black college in South Carolina. That’s how she became the proud American that she is​,” said Ali, also a contributing op-ed writer to the New York Times. “​Yet, what does she do, like all these model minorities — which by the way, is the strategy of white supremacy, to use Asians in particular as a cudgel against black folks? Instead of pulling us up from the bootstraps, we’re told to take our boot and put it on the neck of poor immigrants, refugees, and black folks​,” he said. Ali further characterized Haley as an “alpha-Karen with brown skin” and ​said she is the “perfect Manchurian candidate” for white supremacists and bigots. Haley made note of her Indian heritage in the video announcing her candidacy and described growing up in a racially segregated town. “I was the proud daughter of Indian immigrants — not black, not white. I was different,” she said. “My mom would always say, ‘Your job is not to focus on the differences but the similarities.’ My parents reminded me and my siblings every day how blessed we were to live in America​,” she said. But Ali said in the long run, Haley will never be accepted. “The reason I feel sad is because no matter what she does, it will never be enough. They will never love her. And if you don’t believe me, what did Ann Coulter tell proud American Nikki Haley two days ago? ‘Go back to your country.’ Nikki, they’ll never love you. It ain’t worth it​,” Ali said. The pundit’s comments were slammed on Twitter, with RealClearPolitics correspondent Susan Crabtree calling them “[s]o offensive it generates sympathy for Nikki Haley – two made-for-tv commercials by left-wing pundits in a matter of days.” National Review contributing writer Pradheep J. Shanker called Ali “a bigot who opposes anyone with darker skin having political positions different than his own. The bigotry is the point.” “No decent person should give Ali a platform,” tweeted Washington Examiner columnist Tim Carney. “This is how he has always behaved. He is overcome by hatred, and the media environment rewards him for it.” Ali doubled down on his Twitter account Monday, saying that “MAGA and right wing media is very offended by my critiques of Nikki Haley and her record.” “I’m apparently racist. Just a ton of outrage today from them,” he wrote. “But not a peep about Ann Coulter telling her to ‘go back’ to her country last week.  So odd. Can’t qwhite [sic] put my finger on it.​” The Haley campaign did not immediately respond to requests for comment from The Post.