PORT ST. LUCIE — Brett Baty has a knack for first plate appearances. Last year, the Mets rookie third baseman homered against the Braves in his first major league plate appearance. On Saturday, he homered in his first plate appearance of the 2023 Grapefruit League season. Baty’s two-run home run in the first inning accounted for the Mets’ scoring in their 4-2 loss to the Astros in a split-squad game in West Palm Beach, Fla. Baty finished the game 2-for-2 with a walk. On Friday, Baty went 2-for-2 in an intrasquad scrimmage. “I’m seeing it well right now,” Baty told reporters. Eduardo Escobar has begun camp atop the depth chart at third base, but Baty could force an interesting decision from team brass with a strong spring. Among the possibilities would be shifting Escobar into a utility infielder/DH role if Baty were to show he’s ready. Baty underwent surgery for a torn ulnar collateral ligament in his right thumb last September after he posted a .184/.244/.342 slash line in 11 games with the Mets. Pete Alonso is searching for a routine that will help him cope with the pitch clock. Saturday night, he homered against the Marlins in a 5-2 victory in his first plate appearance of the Grapefruit League season and finished 3-for-3. “I just want to develop a routine or a ritual and get it down,” Alonso said. “I’ll kind of play with some stuff during the spring games, but so far so good.” Alonso hurried off the field after the last out in the top of the second inning, knowing he was set to lead off the bottom of the frame. “I wanted to have as much time to mentally prepare for that at-bat as possible, leading off an inning,” Alonso said. With the pitch clock ticking, the Mets played their afternoon game in 2 hours, 33 minutes. The night game was 2:34. “Everything has a different pace to it,” manager Buck Showalter said. “I think we’ll still have some three-hour games now and then.” Tommy Pham said he opted for his best chance to win a World Series championship when he signed with the Mets last month. The Mets signed the veteran outfielder to a one-year deal worth $6 million. He can earn another $2 million in bonuses based on plate appearances. “My options were limited,” Pham said. “But when you looked at this situation, I thought this team, out of the other teams, had the easiest chance to win a championship. I don’t know if that is the right word ‘easiest,’ but I think we have got more guys to get there.” Pham came to the Mets with a strong recommendation to Showalter from Adam Jones, who played for the manager with the Orioles.