LSU gymnast Olivia Dunne savored every moment of her victory Saturday. One day after LSU defeated Georgia in a gymnastics meet on Friday, the social media sensation, 20, took to Instagram to celebrate. “Great day to be a tiger,” Dunne captioned the post, which featured her posing in a purple and gold leotard. Dunne, who boasts more than three million followers on Instagram, supported her No. 9 Tigers teammates in Baton Rouge for their meet against the No. 17 Bulldogs, which saw LSU get the “W” with a season-high score of 197.700-196.925. The meet took place in front of a crowd of more than 12,000 fans, some of whom politely asked Dunne for a photo following a wild scene that unfolded earlier this year. During LSU’s season-opening loss to Utah last month, unruly fans chanted for Dunne throughout the meet, despite the influential athlete being sidelined with an injury. A large group of male supporters lined up outside of the arena afterward to get a glimpse of Dunne, with some of the group chanting, “We want her!” Dunne then asked fans to “be respectful” of the gymnastics community following the rowdy incident. “I will always appreciate and love the support from you guys, but if you come to a meet, I want to ask you to please be respectful of the other gymnasts and the gymnastics community as we are just doing our job,” she tweeted in January. LSU hired a bodyguard for Dunne in the wake of recent events. “That [bodyguard] will be in our hotel and outside our locker room and getting us to and from the bus at the venue,” Dunne’s coach, Jay Clark, previously told The Advocate/Times-Picayune. “[The officer] will be there to create a perimeter that keeps everybody safe.” Dunne recently appeared on the “Today” show, where she recounted the ordeal. “In the past I have had some of my supporters come out to the meets and watch and cheer for LSU, but that was insane,” she said during the sit-down. “It really was.” Beyond Instagram, Dunne has a massive following on TikTok — 7.1 million fans, to be exact. This week, her account strangely disappeared before re-emerging later on.