’90s hip-hop fans, the moment you’ve been dreaming of all winter has finally arrived. Wu-Tang Clan and Nas are teaming up for the second year in a row for their ‘N.Y. State of Mind’ Tour from Sept. 20 through Oct. 22. This time around, the Staten Island and Queens natives will perform all over the world before returning home for 20 North American concerts. And of course, they’re coming home. On Sept. 27, the co-headliners will play Brooklyn’s Barclays Center. Two nights later, they’re set to share the stage at Atlantic City’s Boardwalk Hall on Sept. 29. Best of all, you can get tickets to see the legends live as early as today. Although inventory isn’t available on Ticketmaster until Friday, March 3 (and in some cases, March 6), fans who want to ensure they have tickets ahead of time can purchase on sites like Vivid Seats before tickets are officially on sale. Vivid Seats is a secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand. They have a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and will be delivered before the event.  A complete calendar including all North American concert dates, venues and links to buy tickets can be found below.  Although the Staten Island collective has been together since 1992, there has been little turnover in the group’s history other than the untimely passing of Russell Tyrell Jones aka Ol’ Dirty Bastard in 2004. As a quick refresher, here’s who you can expect to see when Wu-Tang performs: RZA (Robert Fitzgerald Diggs) GZA (Gary Grice)Method Man (Clifford Smith) Raekwon (Corey Woods)Ghostface Killah (Dennis Coles)Inspectah Deck (Jason Hunter)U-God (Lamont Jody Hawkins)Masta Killa (Elgin Turner)Cappadonna (Darryl Hill) You can get a closer look at the group’s history via their biographical Hulu series “Wu-Tang: An American Saga.” The show is currently midway through its third and final season.  Fresh off his first-ever concert at New York City’s Madison Square Garden, the Grammy-winning Nas is riding high after a busy past few years. In 2020, Nas released the 13-track “The King’s Disease” with producer Hitboy and subsequently won his first Grammy in the process. Featuring soulful samples, tight flows and top-notch verses from Charlie Wilson, Big Sean, Don Toliver, Lil Durk, Anderson .Paak and more, the record set the stage for “The King’s Disease II.” The 2021 album was just as well received as the first “King’s Disease” and nabbed a nomination for Best Rap Album but lost to Tyler, The Creator’s “Call Me If You Get Lost.” Finally, in November 2022, Nas’ “The King’s Disease III,” the first album in the trilogy to not include any guest appearances, dropped. If you want to hear all three, you can check out the “King’s Disease” trilogy here.  Slowly but surely, 2023 is starting to look like a great year for hip-hop. Here are just five of the biggest tours that should be circled on your calendar. • Lil Wayne • Future • Legendz of the Streetz with Rick Ross • Ice Cube • A Boogie Wit Da Hoodie Want to check out who else is on the road? Feel free to sneak a peek at our list of the 52 biggest concert tours in 2023 here.