The three Michigan State University students killed in the on-campus mass shooting Monday night have been identified — including two victims from the same town. Alexandria “Alex” Verner, of Clawson, Michigan, was identified in a statement from her hometown school district, which described her as “a tremendous student.” A 2020 graduate of Clawson High School, Verner is remembered by her alma mater as “a tremendous student, athlete, [and] leader” who “exemplified kindness.” “If you knew [Alex], you loved her and we will forever remember the lasting impact she has had on all of us,” the statement read. According to her LinkedIn profile, Verner was studying integrated biology and anthropology at MSU, and was set to graduate in 2024. The Michigan State University Department of Police and Public Safety confirmed that Brian Fraser, 20, a sophomore who graduated in 2021 from Michigan’s Grosse Pointe South High School, was also killed shortly after Verner’s death was announced Tuesday. Fraser’s social media indicates he was studying business, and had previously served as head lifeguard at a Detroit-area country club. The Grosse Pointe Public School System also confirmed on Tuesday that Fraser and another former student from the same system were killed in the shooting. The third victim was subsequently identified by WXYZ Detroit as Arielle Diamond Anderson, 19, who graduated from Grosse Pointe North High. Anderson’s family told the outlet she loved children and hoped to be a pediatrician. The confirmation of Anderson’s death comes shortly after her aunt, VH1 reality star Chandra Davis, aka Deelishis, posted on social media begging for updates on her niece’s condition. “My beautiful niece @ariellediamond_ is a student at MICHIGAN STATE UNIVERSITY. She was in her classroom in the same building as the active shooter and we have not heard from her,” the 45-year-old wrote in the tragic post. As of Tuesday afternoon, five other victims remain hospitalized in critical condition. The identification of the three students comes just hours after law enforcement identified the gunman as Anthony Dwayne McRae. McRae, 43, was not affiliated with MSU, and his motive remains unknown. He died from a self-inflicted gunshot wound late Monday. Officers are investigating a suspicious note found with McRae’s body that threatened additional attacks on two schools in Ewing Township, New Jersey. “We are all broken by an all-too-familiar feeling,” Michigan Gov. Gretchen Whitmer said at a heartbreaking press conference Tuesday morning. “Words are not good enough. We must act and we will.”