They’re here to get him through it all. During a concert in Germany, Lewis Capaldi was overcome with a series of tics from his Tourette’s syndrome mid-song — but his fans were there to help him. The 26-year-old singer was performing his hit song “Someone You Loved” during Tuesday’s show when he suddenly stopped just before the chorus, seemingly struggling with tics. Fans seemed to notice his struggle, so they picked up where he left off, singing the chorus back at him: “For now, the day bleeds into nightfall/ And you’re not here to get me through it all/ I let my guard down and then you pulled the rug/ I was getting kinda used to being someone you loved.” The moment was captured on video by a user on TikTok, and fans are saying the support “warms their heart.” “Humans humaning can be so healing to watch sometimes,” one person commented. “Everyone singing is a blessing to this world…Thank you,” another wrote. “I love Lewis Capaldi. I never knew he had Tourette’s. I’m glad I know now. That’s an amazing crowd,” someone added. “Coming from someone who has Tourettes, I love this,” one user shared. Capaldi revealed in an Instagram Live last September that he’d always had Tourette’s though he had just recently been diagnosed, and that it mainly comes out in the form of a shoulder twitch. Tourette’s is a disorder that involves tics — repetitive movements or unwanted sounds — that can’t be controlled, according to Mayo Clinic. “The worst thing about it is when I’m excited, I get it; when I’m stressed, I get it; when I’m happy, I get it. It happens all the time. Some days it’s more painful than others and some days it’s less painful. It looks a lot worse than it is. Sometimes it’s quite uncomfortable … but it comes and goes,” he said at the time. Capaldi also previously told the BBC that he feels “good” about people knowing he has Tourette’s. “I’m glad that it’s out there,” he said. “It’s been nice to hear people’s own experiences with it as well, to know I’m not alone in my twitching.”