Podcast star Joe Rogan mocked Donald Trump for losing his touch with nicknames by branding Florida Gov. Ron DeSantis as “Ron DeSanctimonious.” Rogan poked fun at Trump while discussing top presidential candidates for the 2020 Republican nomination with his guest, comedian and writer Bridget Phetasy. “He calls him Ron DeSanctimonious. It’s not a good one,” said Rogan during last Wednesday’s episode of “The Joe Rogan Experience.” “He’s losing his touch with the nicknames,” Phetasy replied. Rogan argued that DeSantis’ strong leadership in the state of Florida has left Trump without much material. “There’s not a good one you can come up with for Ron. He’s too good with that base and his success in Florida is pretty unparalleled,” Rogan added. Rogan first expressed support for a DeSantis presidential run during an episode of his podcast last June, stating that the governor had done an “admirable” job of running Florida. The podcast host has also stepped up his criticism of Trump over the last year, referring to the former president as a “man baby” last July. Trump repeatedly used the “DeSanctimonious” nickname while taking aim at DeSantis in recent weeks. The former president has a penchant for tabbing political rivals with derisive monikers, such as “Crooked” Hillary Clinton and “Sleepy” Joe Biden among his favorites. DeSantis is considered a likely frontrunner for the GOP’s nomination, though the Florida governor has yet to enter the race. Trump announced last November that he would run again for president. Earlier this month, Trump denied a New York Times report that said he had begun to refer to DeSantis as “Meatball Ron.” “I will never call Ron DeSanctimonious ‘Meatball’ Ron, as the Fake News is insisting I will,” Trump said at 1 am on his social media platform Truth Social. “Even though FoxNews killing lightweight Paul Ryan is revered by him, Low Energy Jeb Bush is his hero and always at his side, his beaches and State were closed for long periods of time, his testing, testing, testing for the China Virus didn’t work out too well, and his loyalty skills are really weak, it would be totally inappropriate to use the word ‘meatball’ as a moniker for Ron!”