It’s a hard fact. A new study released that people who use OnlyFans tend to have a greater knowledge of sexual health and practices. According to the study, which was published in Springer’s “sexuality and culture” journal, several participants surveyed found that they had learned more about sex while using the app. “Formal sexuality education curriculum varies widely throughout the United States, and individuals may seek out additional information about sex and sexuality from informal media sources and online platforms,” said the study’s lead author Marie Lippmann to PsyPost. “We were interested in understanding learning on OnlyFans, given that it is such a widely used and novel platform.” The creator-led app, which allows users to post seemingly anything, has long been home to sexual-explicit content, as well as a means for sex workers to generate an income. Researchers behind the study said that their goal was to understand the effect the app had on the participant’s sex lives. According to Lippmann’s data, 41 percent of the 425 people engaged in the study said that they actually tried things they had learned on the app in their own bedroom — ranging from using sex toys to exploring their sexual orientation. In the study, 53 percent of the participants were male while 46 percent were female. Nearly all the people surveyed claimed to be heterosexual. “People engaging with the OnlyFans platform are gaining new knowledge about themselves (self-exploration) and sexuality in general (conceptual domain-specific knowledge),” said Lippmann. ““They are also learning new skills (procedural knowledge) that they are applying to their sexual lives and relationships.” “Due to the focus of this study on learning and limitations in sample characteristics and in the amount of questions we were able to ask in this one survey, a number of interesting questions remain open for future research,” wrote researchers. “Such as how the experience of OnlyFans may differ for sex workers and users, how sex workers choose OnlyFans as their platform, how certain demographics (such as race/ethnicity, sexual orientation, relationship orientation, etc.) might be related to learning on OnlyFans, or what specific design features of OnlyFans may make the platform more or less likely than other platforms to be accessed for the purpose of sexual learning.”