In an encounter that added to growing tensions between the US and China, the crew aboard a Chinese fighter jet warned a US Navy surveillance pilot to move away from Chinese airspace Friday. The US aircraft was 30 miles outside Chinese airspace over the South China Sea but was warned to get back by an operative of the People’s Liberation Army (PLA) who addressed the US pilot in a radio call, according to CNN, whose reporter was aboard the US plane at the time of the encounter. “American aircraft, Chinese airspace is 12 nautical miles. Not approaching anymore or you bear all responsibility,” came the voice over the radio. Lt. Nikki Slaughter, who was piloting the US Navy P-8 aircraft, responded quickly to the radio transmission, just as a Chinese jet armed with air-to-air missiles came up alongside them. “PLA fighter aircraft, this is US Navy P-8A,” said Slaughter. “I have you off my left wing and I intend to proceed to the west. I request that you do the same, over.” The Chinese did not respond to Slaughter, but the Chinese pilot continued to escort the US plane for 15 more minutes from a few hundred feet away. Navy Commander Marc Hines, head of the US Navy mission at Kadena Air Base, Japan, downplayed the incident, describing it as “another Friday afternoon in the South China Sea,” in an interview with CNN. But later in the mission over another part of the disputed region, near the Philippines, Slaughter’s plane spotted a PLA Navy guided-missile destroyer warship. When Slaughter descended to 1,000 feet to have a closer look, she received further warnings. “US aircraft. US aircraft. This is Chinese naval warship 173. You are approaching to me at low altitude. State your intention over,” a voice said on the radio. PLA warship 173 is the destroyer Changsha, likely armed with dozens of surface-to-air missiles, according to CNN. Slaughter, replied that she would keep a safe distance, but the Chinese ship countered, “US aircraft. US aircraft. This is the Chinese naval warship 173. You are clearly endangering my safety. You are clearly endangering my safety.” “I am a United States military aircraft. I will maintain a safe distance from your unit,” Slaughter replied, and the U.S. mission, which the Navy said was routine, continued.