Kate Hudson isn’t holding a grudge over losing to Nicole Kidman. The “Glass Onion” star, 43, looked back at her career during her recent appearance on the podcast “You’re Doing Fine … Just Keep Going,” about how she wished she had scored the lead role in the 2001 film “Moulin Rouge” — instead of Nicole Kidman. Hudson revealed she was passed over to play the character Satine in the Baz Luhrmann musical film when she was 22, and Kidman was 34. “One of my favorite auditions I ever did was with Baz Luhrmann… he was so inspiring and so much fun,” she said. Hudson recalled her feelings about the audition at the time: “Even if I don’t get this part — which I didn’t because they went way older — … what a great experience that was to do a work session with Baz Luhrmann.” The ingenue in 2000’s “Almost Famous” confessed that she “really wanted that part” and was “bummed out” when she lost it to Kidman, now 55. Hudson alleged that the Australian starlet had a professional working relationship with Luhrmann, who also hails from Australia, that helped elevate her chances of landing the lead role. She added that she underwent a “hardcore auditioning process” for the film and further alleged that “it was written at the time for a young … 19-year-old girl.” “And so of course, it was like, ‘I guess Nicole Kidman’s doing it,’” Hudson sighed on the podcast episode. “Of course, totally got it, because it’s Nicole. It couldn’t be more different … I really wanted that part.” The Post reached out to reps for both Hudson and Kidman. “Moulin Rouge” starred Ewan McGregor as Christian, an aspiring writer who plays Satine’s love interest in the movie. Other actors included John Leguizamo as French painter Henri de Toulouse-Lautrec, Natalie Mendoza as fellow Moulin Rouge dancer China Doll, Jim Broadbent as ringleader Harold Zilder and Richard Roxburgh as the villainous Duke of Monroth. During the podcast, Hudson gushed over the “Great Gatsby” director, saying she “just fell so in love with him” after her “Moulin Rouge” audition. “Working with him … he’s so wonderful, and energetically I just felt connected to the way he does things,” she said. Though Hudson lost out to Kidman for this role, she’d land in her own breakout film, “How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days,” just two years later. In December, Hudson, who is the daughter of Goldie Hawn, made headlines for her comment on the recent “nepo baby” trend, claiming that she believes nepotism happens in “way more” outside of Hollywood, and noted that she’s seen it the most in “business.” “I actually think there are other industries where it’s [more common],” Hudson told The Independent. “Maybe modeling?”