Smell ya later! An Airbnb’s excessive list of rules has gone viral on TikTok after one user posted the elongated list on the social media site. The Tiktok — was posted earlier in February and has since gained 604,000 views — shows a rental in Montauk plastered with signs dictating the rules. “This Airbnb, this is just excessive. This is in Montauk, yo. Let me show y’all this,” said person filming the clip. One such rule asked occupants not to smoke or vape and apply perfume outside of the house. “Please help to conserve water. Hot water shuts off after eight minutes,” reads another sign in the bathroom. Several users weighed in on the crazy amount of rules. “You know theres cameras in this one,” said one user. “Bed collapses after 7.5 hours of sleep. Please do not excessively rest,” joked another user. “Enough signs to make you feel unwelcome and nervous! I don’t do ABB anymore,” a third person said. “Please do not go into REM sleep cycles while using this bed,” a fourth person joked. The TikTok was posted on the account Airbnb Horror Story, which has several stories ranging from hosts to guests detailing their horrible stories. Airbnb came under fire recently after a couple discovered a camera that was pointed at the bed. “I looked at a wardrobe that was above the entrance to the room and I saw a gleam,” said Júlia Stoppa to CEN who noticed the camera in their Rio de Janeiro rental. “When I saw the gleam, I said, ‘Love, I think there’s a real camera.’” “I took a photo with flash with my mobile phone and a bright glow appeared that really looked like a camera lens.” The couple fired off a complaint to Airbnb, who promptly suspended the host. “We take reports of this nature incredibly seriously, and our specialized Safety team has suspended this Host and listing from the platform as we investigate. We are also in contact with the guest to provide our support, including with a full refund,” said Airbnb in a statement. “We enforce strict policies governing the use of monitoring devices in listings and take action in the exceptionally rare circumstance an issue is reported, including assisting law enforcement with their investigations.”