Jacob Pratt, a 33-year-old Google employee who worked out of the search giant’s New York City offices, was found dead of an apparent suicide earlier this month, The Post has learned. An NYPD spokesperson confirmed Pratt’s death on Monday, saying he appeared to have hanged himself in an apartment located in the trendy Chelsea neighborhood of Manhattan, not far from Google’s corporate offices. The Post has reached out to the city medical examiner’s office. Officers responded to a 911 call to a residence at the corner of West 26th Street and 6th Avenue in Manhattan just before 6 p.m. Feb. 16. “Upon arrival, officers observed a 33-year-old male unconscious and unresponsive,” the NYPD told The Post. Paramedics arrived and pronounced Pratt dead on the scene. Investigators said there were no signs of foul play. “The New York City Medical Examiner will determine the cause of death and the investigation remains ongoing,” according to the NYPD. The Post has sought comment from Google. According to his LinkedIn page, Pratt was a “partnership lead” at Google, while an obituary said he was an “accounting manager” at Google, where he spent nearly four years. Pratt, who lived in the Bushwick section of Brooklyn, “unexpectedly passed away” on Feb. 16, according to an obit published by the Lansing State Journal. The 33-year-old was a graduate of Northwestern University in Chicago, according to the obituary. “His interests in advertising and technology led him to a dream job as an accounting manager at Google in Manhattan,” the obituary read. “Those who knew Jacob were often a part of spirited debates about all manner of things and a humor that was contagious.” Pratt’s sister, Jenna Pratt, organized a GoFundMe crowdfunding page where donors can make a charitable contribution in her late brother’s name. “He touched the lives of everyone he interacted with whether through his school, work, or personal journey,” the Pratt family wrote. The Pratts asked GoFundMe donors to give to the Maka-A-Wish Michigan foundation as well as the National Alliance on Mental Illness. “These two charities represent our son and brother and the heart he had for the people around him,” the family wrote. Pratt’s mother, Shawn, posted a selfie photo of her and her son last Wednesday — six days after Jacob’s passing. The Post has sought comment from the Pratt family. Pratt worked in various jobs in the tech industry after graduating from Lansing Community College and Northwestern. The family plans to host a celebration of his life at 11 a.m. local time Tuesday at Riverview Church’s REO Town Venue in Lansing, according to his obituary. If you are struggling with suicidal thoughts or are experiencing a mental health crisis and live in New York City, you can call 1-888-NYC-WELL for free and confidential crisis counseling. If you live outside the five boroughs, you can dial the 24/7 National Suicide Prevention hotline at 988 or go to SuicidePreventionLifeline.org.