The Issue: The state Senate disinviting Albany DA David Soares over his criticism of bail-reform laws. Your article featuring Albany County District Attorney David Soares’ insightful perspective on the carnage caused by bail reform was fabulous (“NY Bail Laws a Bust,” David Soares, Feb. 20). Shame on state Senate leader Andrea Stewart-Cousins and her posse of misfits for revoking the invitation to Soares, an African-American Democrat, to speak because he would not parrot their woke agenda. It’s time we revoked qualified immunity for politicians like Stewart-Cousins who go unpunished just like the criminals she helps set free every day. Hugh Ward Greenwich Village This past election seemed to offer a realistic chance for Rep. Lee Zeldin to begin New York’s long, hard climb out of a dystopia created by years of radical, destructive policies. When his worthless opponent somehow prevailed, that hope was extinguished. DA Soares’ hard truths being shut down by soulless, spineless radicals is no surprise at all. David Perez Brooklyn Kudos to Soares for having the courage to speak truth to power. Soares, an African-American Democrat, has the legal and political chops to tell Albany politicians that their insane bail laws are devastating the very communities they were intended to serve. That Soares was disinvited from giving this speech to the state Legislature and that it had to be read into the record by someone else proves how dangerously closed-minded our politicians are. Poisoned by their perverse ideology, they prefer sacrificing New York’s poorest on the altar of woke dogma over protecting them. Every legislator who voted for and continues to support this obscene scourge should be impeached and removed from office, or voted out in the next election cycle. Their trashing of public safety, particularly endangering minority communities, makes these individuals hideously unfit for office. Stuart Ellison Brooklyn Our legislators in Albany have never been called on the carpet for the chaos they’ve created with our insane bail laws, and they continue to stick their collective heads in the sand and be unaccountable to the people they serve. They uninvited Soares from speaking at a Senate hearing on crime because they couldn’t stand taking valid criticism from one of their own. Assembly Speaker Carl Heastie doesn’t answer questions from The Post because he claims The Post doesn’t show him respect. The truth is, Heastie he doesn’t have answers. Innocent people of all races are being brutalized, businesses are being destroyed, and we have never been presented with a sound argument for how these idiotic laws are benefitting us. Heastie, you get respect when you earn it — not when you fail to be accountable for the crime boondoggle you were instrumental in creating. Matthew Veralli Manhattan Soares was not allowed to give his speech against bail reform because it was contrary to what the Democratic state Senate wanted to hear. It seems his data did not match their data. Bail reform and our so-called representatives have failed the law-abiding citizens of this state. Who does it benefit that we have the same repeat offenders committing a long sheet of crimes? Soaring crime has brought fear to New York. Political indifference toward this crime has instilled an even greater fear. Not only is DA Soares’ voice not allowed to be heard, but our voices are being ignored. Tony Giametta Oceanside I totally agree with Soares in regard to the leniency by Albany pols — such as that ultra-liberal nightmare, state Sen. Andrea Stewart-Cousins, who, along with her misguided colleagues, is turning New York City into a toilet. In addition, our so-called governor has done absolutely nothing to let this train-wreck continue with her stupidity. Vote these louts out. They have personal security personnel 24/7. The average citizen has none. Ralph Manente Yonkers Want to weigh in on today’s stories? Send your thoughts (along with your full name and city of residence) to letters@nypost.com. Letters are subject to editing for clarity, length, accuracy and style.