He’s caught up in a bad romance. Lady Gaga’s restauranteur father, Joe Germanotta, didn’t hold back in giving his two cents on what “filthy” New York City has become following a spike in crime rates that he claims saw his business lose revenue. “I think the city is a mess,” the 65-year-old said Thursday on Fox Business Network’s Mornings. “It looks horrible. People coming from Connecticut and Long Island may go to Lincoln Center for a show — then they’re walking around, it smells like weed everywhere.” Germanotta, who owns the Italian restaurant Joanne Trattoria on the Upper West Side, said the Big Apple lost its allure in recent years, which he claims had a knock-on effect on business. “The city looks terrible, from just probably four years ago,” the New Jersey native said. “It’s dirtier, there’s a lot more people out on the street. It seems filthy.” Three years ago, Germanotta made headlines after the Wall Street Journal reported the “Just Dance” hitmaker’s father was withholding $260,000 to the MTA in rent for his now-shut down Grand Central Station eatery Art Bird & Whiskey Bar. Germanotta exclusively told The Post at the time that his business was slashed by a whopping 30 percent thanks to homeless people seeking refuge in the station’s food court. “The homeless go in there to stay warm. We’re compassionate, but it affects our customers,” he told The Post at the time. “When the homeless invade our areas, it becomes a less attractive place.” Germanotta said he wanted to be freed from the lease at the time due to not being able to pay the hefty $40,000 rent and $10,000 in fees he owed each month. “I don’t think they were prepared [to manage the space],” he told us at the time. “Quite frankly, I think they’re more interested in running the trains.” “I’ve seen people washing their hair in the sink. I’ve seen a turd in the urinal,” he added. Germanotta’s stern comments were echoed earlier this week by “American Psycho” author Bret Easton Ellis, who posed the question, “How in the f—k does anyone live here?” “I had not been to New York in at least 10 years,” said the “Rules of Attraction” author, whose East Village/Union Square digs, where he wrote “American Psycho,” recently hit the market for $1.5 million. “Around Fourth Avenue, 13th Street, I looked up from my phone and I suddenly panicked,” after not recognizing his whereabouts. “I told the driver, ‘You’re in the wrong area … We’re going to 13th Street between Third and Fourth.’ He said, ‘This is it.’ I couldn’t believe the change,” Ellis recalled.