Row, row, row your — rowers, not boats — to this Presidents Day sale from one of our favorite brands for at-home fitness equipment: Hydrow. Out of the numerous Presidents Day sales we’ve been keeping our eyes on, Hydrow is one of the best, especially if you’re a lover of all things fitness. Until Feb. 21, take up to $200 off the Hydrow Wave Rower and up to $500 off the Hydrow Rower with the purchase of a subscription. We know what you’re thinking — is the Hydrow Rower worth the price, especially with others on the market? Take it from us; we reviewed the Hydrow Wave, were highly impressed by its modern, functional and feel-good features and can’t stop raving about it IRL. Let’s start off by saying it’s up there in price, but truly worth the splurge. The brand is also fit for everyone and every type of space. The Hydrow Rower is its cult-classic, while its Hydrow Wave is more apt for smaller spaces. Upon purchasing a Hydrow subscription, you’ll receive one of the brand’s largest sales yet: up to $500 off its traditional, top-rated rower. If you’d like to row from your apartment or small-scale, at-home gym, the Hydrow Wave Rower is a stellar option that stands fully upright when not in use. Plus, it’s up to $200 off for Presidents Day. If the sale isn’t enough to sell you — its unmatched features will. Not only will you have a Rolodex of pre-recorded rowing classes to choose from (which, yes, feature professional rowers in water) but its seat is ergonomic, its class types are diverse and its class times are customizable to fit into your workout schedule. Hydrow’s monthly subscription is $44 a month, which is more affordable than most traditional gym memberships. Plus, a purchase of either Hydrow Rower is an investment in the long haul. What’s more, you’ll never become bored with a workout. Classes range from low-impact, upper-body, lower-body, range of motion and core. Its clear 22″ display houses more than 4,000 workouts that feel just like being in the water (trust us on this one, it’s pretty epic). All in all, you’ll want to take advantage of this sweet Presidents Day sale that’s one of the best to help achieve this year’s fitness goals. It’s New York Post Shopping-approved and totally worth the hype — not to mention a great deal. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.