A former star of Bravo’s “Married to Medicine” has filed a lawsuit claiming she was unfairly kicked her off her Instagram account – causing her to lose over 130,000 followers as well as profits, new court papers show. Buffie Purselle, who appeared on season 7 of the reality TV show, says her account was suddenly disabled in September and has been closed ever since — despite her best efforts to get it reinstated, according to her lawsuit filed Thursday. “I worked really hard to build that page up and I monetized that page,” Purselle, 45, told The Post. Her account, @buffiepurselle, was shuttered Sept. 17, 2022, two days after Instagram parent company Meta sent her an email notifying her they removed a Sept. 9 video she posted that belonged to someone else, according to the suit, filed in Manhattan Supreme Court. Purselle, also a finance and tax expert, claims Instagram didn’t give her any warning or even the chance to remove the post herself – which she would have gladly done since she didn’t realize the video was a proprietary comedy sketch. “I wouldn’t have fought removing it,” she told The Post on Thursday. “I didn’t make any money off of it. I would have deleted it on my own.” In the Sept. 17 email notifying her of the closed account, Meta claimed “your account has been reported multiple times for violating someone else’s rights … we previously warned you that if you continued to infringe the intellectual property rights of third parties, your account would be disabled.” But Purselle carefully followed the social media platform’s policies and never “intentionally” posted copyright content, the lawsuit states. She attempted to appeal Instagram’s decision, for which she received a boiler plate response. Her lawyer also sent Meta a letter on Sept. 18 — but the company never responded, according to the suit. “It’s unfair,” Purselle told The Post. The TV personality engaged daily with her followers, educating them on financial literacy content, and she had brand deals that she received monthly income on for posting about them in her stories. She promoted her self-help book “Crawl Before You Ball: Breaking the Cycle of Generational Poverty” and her eyewear line on her page, the court papers state. But since the account was closed, Purselle’s “book sales have slowed,” and so have admissions to a course she teaches online, the suit claims. She’s also been sitting on product from her eyewear line that normally sells out, according to the filing. “I would like to get my Instagram page back and I want Meta to review their policies and procedures,” Purselle said. Had the page been allowed to remain active, Purselle says her following likely would have grown to numbers over 500,000 – as her TikTok account has. “Instagram has been nonresponsive to my written attempts to amicably resolve Mrs. Purselle’s issue without litigation,” her lawyer Brian Ponder told The Post. “An IG user should not have to resort to hiring a lawyer and filing a lawsuit to have a page rightfully restored after being wrongfully taken down,” Ponder said. “My client has done nothing wrong; she has not violated any of IG’s Terms of Use, policies, or community guidelines.” Meta didn’t return a request for comment Thursday.