This plane ride turned into a full-on flightmare. A young airline employee was harassed by sleazy soccer fans during a flight from Manchester, England, to Barcelona, Spain, last week. Chloe Harrison, 25, was working the 2-hour 20-minute Ryanair ride, which was packed full of Manchester United supporters who were on their way to watch a game. The men reportedly turned rowdy after cabin crew sold out of beer and vodka, and loudly began bellowing crude chants about Harrison as she walked up and down the aisle. The flight attendant told Kennedy News that the men chanted “Get your t-ts out” and “Chloe’s got a nice a–e.” She added that one pervy passenger even asked if she wanted to join him in the bathroom for a mile-high romp. “I walked to the back of the plane and looked and it was just full of men,” Harrison recalled of the flight. “About halfway through the journey, I was walking down the aisles with a rubbish bag and I could hear something. I looked up and they were all looking at me. I was thinking, ‘Why are they all looking at me while they’re chanting?'” Harrison claims the men remembered her name from the initial flight announcements and says the chants got louder as the plane ride progressed. “We sold out of all the beer and all the vodka, they were all really drunk,” she told Kennedy News. “They kept asking for more drinks and coming up to the front. There’s nothing you can do in that situation, if they’re all standing up, you just have to tell them to sit down.” After the plane landed, Harrison says, many of the men continued to accost her. “They were all trying to leave through the back and ask for my Instagram and I kept telling them I don’t have it,” she declared. “They were saying, ‘I’ll never forget you.'” The flight attendant recorded some of the men’s antics and posted them to her TikTok account, where her video quickly went viral. Several women were disturbed by the crude conduct, with one writing: “I can’t stress how important it is for us women to stick together against this sort of behavior. It’s not acceptable.” However, Harrison says she wasn’t in any danger. “If there was any trouble we could have got the police on arrival, but we didn’t need that,” she stated. “They were just having a good laugh, excited for the football and going on holiday.”