A member of a New York City community board ousted for referring to COVID-19 as the “Wu-Flu” in a January meeting is demanding he be reinstated — saying he’s been “vindicated” by a classified US intelligence report that said the deadly virus most likely leaked from a lab in Wuhan, China. Queens Borough President Donovan Richards removed longtime Glendale community activist and CB5 member Richard Huber after fielding complaints that the “Wu-Flu” comment was anti-Asian and racist and violated the code of conduct for board members. “I was cancelled,” Huber told The Post Monday. “But I have been vindicated. Just look at the front page of the NY Post.” The Post’s front page story highlighted the US Energy Department claim, as the FBI had previously, that the COVID-19 pandemic that has killed more than 1 million Americans and 6.8 million people worldwide likely originated in a Wuhan lab. He said friends texted him The Post cover with smiley faces. Huber said his use of the shorthand for Wuhan was not anti-Asian — nor was it intended to be. “What’s happened to me is unbelievable. It’s amazing,” Huber said. “Wu is a place. It is not a race! I was referring to the origin of COVID-19.” He said he has already reapplied to the board and will write to the borough president seeking reinstatement. “All you ever heard about the vaccine — the so-called vaccines — for the ‘Wu-Flu.’ It was only safe and effective and would prevent transmission, and it would prevent you from catching it. That doesn’t seem exactly true,” Huber said at the Jan. 11 meeting. Huber appeared at the Feb. 8 CB5 meeting, the next month, speaking as a citizen just weeks after being removed. He complained that he was removed without “due process” and consideration of his years of service to the community, calling Richards “judge, jury, executioner.” “Even murderers caught on videotape are afforded a fair process,” said Huber.  “What horrific transgression did I commit? They said I used the `W’ word.” Huber joked that when he tells people what happened, “If I time it correctly the coffee comes shooting out their nose.” Richards on Monday declined further comment on his decision to boot Huber from the CB5 seat that covers covers the neighborhoods of Maspeth, Ridgewood, Glendale and Middle Village. The borough president appoints members to the planning boards. He also defended his ouster of Huber in January. “For the last three years, our Asian-American neighbors in New York City have experienced a surge in bias and violence against their community, and I will not tolerate a community board member using language that has fueled that wave of bigotry and hate,” Richards said then. “Therefore, I have removed this individual from Queens Community Board 5 for cause.” Rep. Grace Meng, the first Asian-American from New York elected to Congress, praised Richards’ action then. “As the World’s Borough, #Queens is among the most diverse places on the planet, proudly home to many ethnicities, religions and backgrounds. There is no place for bigotry and intolerance here. Thank you @QnsBPRichards  for taking action and thanks to all who spoke up,” Meng tweeted. Queens has the largest Asian American population in the US. In defense of his Wu-Flu remark, Huber noted that the Zika virus is named after the Zika forest in Uganda and the Ebola virus was discovered near the Ebola River — both in Africa — and named after the place where they originated. The exiled community board rep said that even before the latest classified report claimed that a lab in Wuhan was the origin of the COVID-19 pandemic, the theory had been reported in mainstream news outlets — including the Hong Kong Free Press.