From Hollywood to the Broadway stage. Damien Chazelle’s Oscar-winning 2016 musical “La La Land” is heading to the Great White Way. The film, starring Emma Stone and Ryan Gosling, will be adapted into a theater production, although a premiere date has not been set. The movie chronicled Stone as an aspiring actress and Gosling as a jazz musician as they fall in love while chasing their dreams of being stars in Los Angeles. The movie’s composer, Justin Hurwitz, will be involved alongside songwriters Benj Pasek and Justin Paul, who will write new music for the stage adaptation. Tony winner Bartlett Sher will direct the show, based on the book written by Ayad Akhtar and Matthew Decker. Marc Platt — who produced the flick — is also a lead producer for the play. “I’m thrilled to reunite with Lionsgate and the incredible team behind ‘La La Land’ to adapt the movie for the Broadway stage, the next exciting chapter in its evolution,” Platt said in a statement. The “Legally Blonde” producer added: “We’ve assembled a world-class team to create a musical that will delight ‘La La Land’s’ millions of current fans and introduce the property to a whole new audience.” “La La Land” swept the 2017 Academy Awards, scoring the gold for Best Director, Best Actress in a Leading Role for Stone, Best Production Design, Best Cinematography, Best Original Score and Best Original Song. As viewers may recall, the flick was mistakenly announced as the Best Picture winner by presenters Warren Beatty and Faye Dunaway. The incident was later given the nickname “Envelope Gate” due to Beatty ripping through the winner’s card and reading the incorrect film title, which was printed there. The drama “Moonlight” was actually the top winner. In 2017, a “La La Land in Concert” event showcasing the music of the film began touring around the world. “With ‘La La Land in Concert’ marking its sixth year of touring worldwide and the original film a timeless and globally revered cultural touchstone, we’re excited to provide fans yet another way to experience the original movie,” said Jenefer Brown, Lionsgate EVP & head of global products & experiences.  