Slinging chicken is making her some serious bread. Raking in nearly $4,000 in tips on a given week, one smoking hot Hooters waitress is virally bragging about earning “a lawyer’s hourly wage” as an undergraduate student. “[Hooters is the] best job to have while in college ever. No one can tell me otherwise,” insisted Jona Mustafaraj, 22, based in Massachusetts, in the caption of her money-centric TikTok clip. In the video, which was shared in late January and has since stacked more than a staggering 708,000 views, the bosomy blond showcased the cold, hard cash she’d collected from generous Hooters habitués at the end of each night of a seven-day work week. “[I made] $320 on a slow Monday,” said Mustafaraj, after counting out the palmfuls of $50s, $20s, $10s and singles she accumulated in gratuity while waitressing. Working behind the bar the next day, a “very, very slow” Tuesday night, earned the server siren an additional $436. She went on to line her piggybank with another $431 while waitressing on Wednesday, $650 during her shift Thursday, $514 on Friday, $820 as a Saturday night bartender. Mustafaraj closed out the week with a $601 pull Sunday. “That total was $3,772 in one week,” she boasted in the caption of her video. And her eye-popping earnings sent money-hungry digital audiences drooling. “[You’re] literally making me wanna work at Hooters,” penned one commenter with a piqued interest. “Making almost 150,000 a year average … must be nice living on peaceful mode,” wrote an equally-impressed math wiz. Other viewers threatened to leave their current jobs to serve up chicken and beer alongside Mustafaraj. “Meanwhile I make $55 from my 5 hour shift at a grocery store working produce,” groaned a spectator. “Where in [Massachusetts] do you work? I need a new serving job and I will dead-a– quit [my job right now] and come,” vowed another. But, in a subsequent post, Mustafaraj urged fans not to jump ship from their 9 to 5 posts. Instead the vixen explained that she’s worked at the same Hooters location for four years, and credits her charismatic disposition with aiding her in scoring bigger tips than the average Hooters girls. Mustafaraj also explained that most of her huge handouts come from regular customers. “To all the girls saying, ‘I’m going to drop out of school, or I’m leaving my job and I’m working at Hooters. It’s my dream job,’ No!” she exclaimed. “Don’t do any of that.” “Not everyone makes this [amount] of money,” Mustafaraj confessed, “and not every day is the same.”