The Issue: The killing of NYPD Officer Adeed Fayaz during a Facebook Marketplace sale in Brooklyn. Off-duty NYPD Officer Adeed Fayaz was allegedly gunned down by a savage who has no place in a civilized society (“Ambushed officer dies,” Feb. 8). Officer Fayaz represented everything that is good in this city, while the waste of oxygen who allegedly ended his life is the poster boy for all that is wrong. We’ve watched these tragedies play out over and over again in our city, followed by useless commentaries on what needs to be done to prevent such incidents in the future. New York lawmakers have Officer Fayaz’s blood and the blood of hundreds more on their hands, and “we the people” bear some of the responsibility for our complacency in the matter. It’s past time for the citizens of New York to come out en masse and demand these insane laws be immediately rescinded and to hold accountable those who have inflicted this system of injustice upon us. Thomas Urban Wantagh Ever since the state Legislature passed bail reform, it’s been obvious that it hasn’t been working and needs to be repealed. What has also been obvious is that the so-called lawmakers in Albany, who have the power to step in and resolve the problem, absolutely refuse to do so. Apparently, they feel more comfortable watching the Wild West shows going on in New York City. The ambush, attempted robbery and subsequent murder of Officer Fayaz, allegedly by a career criminal carrying an illegal weapon, was the last straw. Since state lawmakers continue to ignore the murders in New York City, maybe it’s time for the federal government to get involved. We need help. Whatever it takes, the illegal guns have to go, and those who carry them need to be incarcerated with lengthy sentences. Dick Mills, Bardonia Why aren’t the protesters marching and calling for justice for this young married father of two children? He allegedly was murdered by a career criminal who should not have been a free person. Tyre Nichols was headline news because he was murdered by police who should not have been in law enforcement. It was a horrible event — given more prominence in a State of the Union speech by our so-called unifying president. All we hear is “defund the police.” “Retrain the police.” How about addressing criminal-justice reform? Many who have made mistakes in their lives have become better citizens and live decent lives. But the recidivists should be put away for life. S. Kane Brooklyn The officer who was shot in the head last week in Brooklyn has died. Fayaz was a five-year veteran of the NYPD who leaves behind two children and a wife. All New Yorkers, including this writer, join all of his colleagues and his family as they mourn the loss of this brave police officer. The lousy person who allegedly committed this atrocious crime was caught. He should be given the maximum punishment by the court system for what he did. Again, when will the madness with continued gun crime ever stop? How many more police officers, as well as civilians, will have to die due to these insane shootings? This city has become the Dodge City of the East Coast. John Amato Fresh Meadows The individual who shot the off-duty policeman must be punished severely. However, there is a lesson to be learned. Unfortunately, too many people try to buy something from an individual they dealt with online and are robbed. It is very important that you use extreme caution when buying from a stranger. Alan Podhaizer Brooklyn Want to weigh in on today’s stories? Send your thoughts (along with your full name and city of residence) to letters@nypost.com. Letters are subject to editing for clarity, length, accuracy and style.