It’s 2023, and chances are, you’re building your what-to-buy lists with the help of social media influencers — if you have enough restraint not to buy them right from the get-go. However, TikTok’s latest ‘de-influencing‘ trend is picking up steam, a viral network of short-filmed videos that nod to what not to buy, according to influencers. The massively followed hashtag has flourished into a following of 258.9M views — and counting — with some calling it a refreshing take to the industry’s standard of stock-piling products into online shopping carts. “Rather than trying to sell the latest beauty product, de-influencers warn people about brands and items that aren’t worth the money or hype,” according to theSkimm’s February newsletter written by Natalie Sportelli and Liz Toney. “That seems to be hitting a nerve; the videos have garnered more than 175 million views [and more, since this newsletter], prompted plenty of headlines and raised questions about the future of the influencer marketing economy — which topped $16 billion last year.” While we at New York Post Shopping are recommending the best products and services around the clock, we also understand the importance of value-based shopping. So, we listed 10 products that are more affordable options to some of the buzziest brands you’ve seen on the internet. Yes, you don’t have to spend upwards of $150 on leggings. This high-waisted Amazon pair boasts more than 19,000 rave reviews, fits comfortably and is offered in a slew of sizes to fit your body. We all carry around reusable water bottles like it’s our phones (POV: phone in one hand, tumbler in the other). That said, it’s worth snagging a more affordable option that comes in a well-stocked color variety for just $15. You’ll bring it everywhere. Buy now, thank us later. We own the Klavuu Nourishing Lip Care Sleeping Pack (note: it’s one of the best lip balms we reviewed) and can’t stop raving about its moisturizing properties. For just $17, it’s worth the quick buy. Instead of purchasing a designer-fledging option for $1,000 (or more), the Gladdon Quilted Crossbody Bag is only $30 right now and has a luxury look we can’t stop glossing over. Plus, it’s a more affordable option than a designer clutch, so your wallet will be happy. For more options, check out our guide to the best crossbody bags. Liquid bronzing drops have taken the internet by storm — and for a good reason. They’re a seamless way to give your skin a natural-looking glow, and L’Oreal Paris’ True Match Lumi Glotion is going viral right now. It’s more affordable than some others, too. We all love a good belt bag, and this one is just $15. Enough said — buy the fanny pack and save that hard-earned coin. They all wrap around your waist, so there’s a reason this one is an Amazon top-seller. As seen on the Super Bowl commercial with Jennifer Coolidge, the e.l.f. Cosmetics Power Grip Primer + 4% Niacinamide boasts an effective formula, contains niacinamide for some skin-boosting benefits and will last practically all day. For just $10, it’s a definitive affordable option to some others on the market. The benefits of a waffle robe are obvious (hotel room decadence meets post-shower comfort), and this one from Turquaz is just $17 right now and has the same look. Say it with us: add to cart. We reviewed the Revlon Blow Dryer Brush and were super impressed with how it lends itself to a salon-worthy blowout each time. That said, you don’t necessarily have to spend hundreds of dollars on a hair tool. This one is just over $50 and is backed by a whopping 333,000 reviews (and counting). Skip the designer sunglasses for now (though we love them) and head to Amazon for a $15 pair that have the classic aviator look. Plus, they’re a wonderful unisex option. Check out the New York Post Shopping Section for more content.