The missing head of Hong Kong model Abby Choi was discovered in a soup pot — as four people were charged Sunday in connection to her gruesome slaying. Hong Kong police said Choi’s decapitated head had been boiled until only the skull remained, the Times of London reported. The rising fashion star — who had featured in Elle, Vogue and Harper’s Bazaar — went missing Tuesday. The model’s ex-husband Alex Kwong was charged with murder Sunday, along with Kwong’s brother and father, according to local broadcaster TVB. Choi’s former mother-in-law was charged with obstruction in the shocking case. All four were denied bail. Police, meanwhile, continue to search nearby sewers for body parts belonging to the rising fashion star. Three days after Choi, who recently appeared on the digital cover of L’Officiel Monaco fashion magazine, went missing, police found two female legs in a refrigerator and two cooking pots containing human tissue. They also found a meat slicer and an electric saw at the scene. An autopsy report found Choi suffered a large hole in her skull behind her right ear, which may have been caused by a hard object. “When we found the two pots of soup at the scene, one of the pots measuring 50cm [20 inches] deep and 40cm [16 inches] in diameter, was almost full and covered with thick fat, some green radishes and carrots and meat believed to be human flesh,” Police Superintendent Alan Chung said. Local authorities have not recovered Choi’s torso and arms and fear they may have been thrown away. Police called the killing “premeditated” and “well-planned” and said they believe the accused men carried out the murder because Choi was going to sell a luxury property in the Kadoorie Hill neighborhood in Ho Man Tin. Choi had funded the property’s purchase but registered the land under the name of her former father-in-law to save stamp duty. Her ex-husband’s family has reportedly been living on the property. Authorities believe Choi’s former brother-in-law offered to take her to pick up her daughter from school, but instead knocked her out in the vehicle and brought her to the Tai Po flat to be butchered. “The suspects covered the walls of the flat with a sail, and they put on face shields and raincoats so that they would not get bloodstained by dismembering the body,” said Chung. The four family members charged will return to court on May 8. With Post wires