When faced with a smelly meal cooked in your kitchen or the heat of summer mixing with your drive-thru bags in the car, a stinky smell in your home or car is never pleasant. That’s why many turn to air fresheners, candles and even perfumes to mask the smell and prevent visitors from saying “pee-yew!” For the former, there are now an abundance of options, ranging from the classic aerosol sprays to delicate oil diffusers and even smart-home-enabled devices that spray a soothing smell when your home needs it the most. From organic to seasonal scents, read on for the best air freshener brands for your home, office, car and beyond. Breathe in great smells and breathe out any worries of foul odors. Get smart and get rid of smell with this home diffuser. The Pura device is a brilliant little one, as it can plug into any wall and blend in seamlessly, all while diffusing delicious scents of your choosing throughout your home. Shop for scents here so you never run out, and then download the Pura app for even more customization. If you love to set it and forget it, then the Glade PlugIn line is for you. These devices only require an outlet and the scent pod of your choosing, and then work to diffuse in the air periodically throughout the day. Note: you can also use some of the plugs as a nightlight, as many come with smart light technology to light up when your home gets dark. For a non-toxic, pet and child-safe option, choose this plug in from Enviroscent. After plugging it into your outlet, the device warms the refillable scent pod inside, letting off a gentle smell to clear the air. Honestly, Febreze is synonymous with air freshener, and for good reason. The brand is great at eliminating odors and can replace the bad ones with the fragrance of your choice, which is why we found this four-pack with some of the best. This one is a hybrid of a spray and an automated device, as Air Wick really does all the work for you. The starter kit includes the automated sprayer plus two refills, which will automatically spray the room every nine, 18 or 40 minutes, set to your preferences. You may know Vitruvi for their essential oil diffusers, but did you know they sell sprays as well? Stock up on all your favorite scents like Warm Linen and Cold Plunge, or get the Home Revival Kit with all three varieties. While black ice on the road is scary, the smell of it inside the car is the best. The top fragrance for the classic Little Trees car air fresheners is the Black Ice scent, smelling of fresh air, cologne and even leather to some. Yes, this is actually an air freshener! The folks at Drift have found a way to make sleek and unassuming blocks of wood and stone into air fresheners, perfect for the car’s visor with the included clip. The block is soaked in an essential oil scent of your choice, leaving a lasting smell in the area it placed in. Add a boost of freshness to your car with this cool spinning gadget. The air freshening device clips right to your car’s air vent and then spins out great smelling air, which can be refilled with new scents when yours runs dry. While you shouldn’t light a candle in your car, this is a close second. The Yankee Candle Car Jars look like mini versions of the real thing, and come with a string to hang on your mirror or on the dashboard. Pop the top and let it rock. That’s how easy it is to use a Renuzit gel cone. They come in 12-packs that will last a long while in any room in the home, with lovely scents like lavender, rain, apple and more. Smelly car or room? Bring in Little Joe and his buddy Little Dog to solve that in a snap. These adorable figures can actually clip to a vent or fan and diffuse a yummy scent into the air, while also providing a smile for all. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.