This ex-educator wants to teach her traitorous pal a serious lesson. A former teacher has vowed revenge on the so-called “family friend” who exposed her racy OnlyFans account. Samantha Peer, 28, worked at Thunderbolt Middle School in Arizona before she was placed on administrative leave late last year after officials found out about her erotic videos — one of which had been filmed after hours in her classroom. Peer — whose stage name is Khloe Karter — quickly quit her job and offered an online apology, saying she and her teacher husband filmed kinky content as a way of supplementing their meager salaries. However, Peer took a more defiant tone on Twitter on Wednesday after learning an important detail about the woman who snitched her out. “In November, a family friend decided to expose my identity to national news,” she wrote.  “This morning, I realized her husband and I workout at the same time in the morning. Karma is coming you f- -king c- -t.” Peer’s foul-mouthed message seemed to imply that she was aiming to sleep with the traitorous woman’s husband. The former educator’s Twitter bio now reads: “I used to be a teacher and they caught me making porn in my classroom after hours. Now I spend my days at home stealing DILFs.” The mom of two was subsequently banned from OnlyFans when the story about her making adult content on school grounds became national news. When Peer’s story went public, she released a statement admitting to creating content to make extra money on the side. She said that she chose an alias and blocked the entire state of Arizona from accessing her account. The brunette followed up with another statement three days later. “The biggest concern that I read was a lack of remorse, and I know this was a very big mistake,” the former teacher said. “I’ve never defended myself saying that it was an okay thing to do. Looking back at it, I would never do that again. But I am a person and I do make mistakes, too. “Although this was a very big mistake, this isn’t who I am and it doesn’t define who I will be in the future,” she further declared. However, it appears the amorous Arizonian has now gone from contrite back to kinky — once again sharing saucy content on platforms that have not booted her off. She now has a Fansly page where she is offering a “Friends With Benefits” package for $12.99 a month.