George Kittle’s wife, Claire, revealed that she suffered a miscarriage last month. The 49ers tight end and the blogger received the news during a routine ultrasound appointment on Jan. 10, around the time Claire was seven and a half weeks pregnant. Claire shared the news Tuesday in an emotional note on Instagram, adding that her pregnancy was ectopic. “On Christmas morning George and I took a pregnancy test while the rest of our family waited to open presents downstairs,” Claire wrote. “We were about to see the greatest gift, a positive test. “Fast forward to Jan 10th I had a routine ultrasound putting me right around 7.5 weeks pregnant. The nurse giving my ultra sound went silent for awhile and I asked ‘I’m still early there’s probably nothing to see yet right?’ “She responded with ‘I see a pregnancy here it’s just not in the correct place, it’s ectopic…’ I felt my soul leave my body as I knew exactly what that meant.” Claire explained that she went into surgery on the same day the couple learned of the  miscarriage — was four days before the 49ers defeated the Seahawks in the wild-card round of the playoffs. “After hours of evaluating options and speaking with doctors in the ER. the decision was made to go into surgery that night,” Claire wrote. “This type of pregnancy is extremely dangerous for the mother if not found early. “I’m so thankful for the nurses and doctors who found this soon enough and to the Niners for allowing George to sprint out of the building at any given moment. George was my strength when I had none. We leaned on each other like we never have before. I’m thankful my mom, dad and George’s parents were all here to help us.” Claire went on to share that she hopes her message creates an open dialogue about  ectopic pregnancies — and asked for prayers as the couple is unsure what the future holds. “The point of sharing this is not for pity, but to acknowledge something extremely personal, hard and emotional that has taken place in our life,” Claire said. “To simply talk about it because I felt alone when I got the news, I never knew anyone else who had an ectopic pregnancy before. So here’s my direct line to you, I’ve had one, you’re not alone. It sucks, It’s hard, be strong. There’s strength in stories and I hope you can find comfort in ours. These types of things need to be talked about more often. “Please keep George and I in your prayers as we don’t really know what to expect moving forward. I do know God gives us exactly what we need when we need it.  So on this Valentine’s Day I hope you feel love of all kinds. That’s what got us through the worst couple of weeks. If you haven’t heard it lately, you’re capable, you’re loved and you’re never alone.  Some loving moments from the past two months of our life .” Kittle’s season with the 49ers ended in a loss to the Eagles in the 2023 NFC Championship Game on Jan. 29. Kittle and Claire, who was a staple at 49ers games, attended the NFL Honors on Feb. 9 at Symphony Hall in Phoenix, Ariz. The couple shared a kiss on the red carpet, where Claire stunned in a sparkling silver dress. “Claire’s signature look is glamorous faux lashes, a little winged eyeliner, neutral eyeshadows, and a matte contour face look,” celebrity makeup artist Allison Kaye told The Post last week. “Since her dress was all rhinestones, going with her signature neutral glam was the perfect idea.” Kittle and Claire have been married since 2019.