Keke Palmer is an actress, singer, mother — and now a video game streamer. The 29-year-old, first-time mom-to-be joined the livestreaming service Twitch last weekend, but she’s not just doing it just for fun and games. She is using it to help her prepare for childbirth and pending motherhood. The actress has been actively playing “The Sims 4,” a social simulation game that allows users to control avatars. Palmer purchased all the game expansion packs and downloaded third-party mod applications that changed game features so that she could experience more simulations. One of those is childbirth — which, it turns out, is one of her favorite things to do in the game. Sims allows her character to explore different child-birthing options, such as an at-home birth, Caesarean section or natural in the hospital. The game also provides users with a full pregnancy experience, simulating ultrasounds, pregnancy symptoms and even water breaking. “This is really giving me a good pastime while I wait for this baby to pop out,” said Palmer, who is expecting a baby boy with boyfriend Darius Jackson and in her last trimester, in her latest Twitch stream. “The way that I’ve been getting my game together, girl,” she told BuzzFeed News. “Don’t even get me started on that.” Palmer feels connected to the game’s detailed birthing process since she is expected to deliver soon; however, she and Jackson have not disclosed which method she plans to use in real life. This current Sims version, though, is pretty impressive, she said. “It’s more realistic than what actually happens in [the older Sims games] where, boom, a baby just appears,” she said. Fans encouraged her to start streaming after she tweeted several questions about “The Sims 4” and hopped on Instagram live while playing with her rather chaotic characters. “Me and my homegirl, she was messing with her, and she gave her STDs. That’s why she’s glowing like that,” the “KeyTV Network” founder said of the storyline while playing the game. “So, I’m going to fight Tina on behalf of my girl.” After enjoying the interactions with fans and fellow Sims lovers, she announced her live stream account. Currently, her Twitch account, @itskekebabii, has more than 30,000 subscribers, with three videos posted. Palmer is no longer an amateur when it comes to the metaverse world. As the new host of Meta’s “Are We There Yet?“ interview series, she speaks with industry leaders like immersive media creator Brenda Chen about virtual reality concerts. The “Queen of Memes” and soon-to-be mom appreciates the new skills her downtime has given her. “I would absolutely recommend that other people who are pregnant see what kind of skills they can develop by playing games and going into the metaverse,” she told BuzzFeed.