President’s Day Weekend is nearly here. How are you spending yours? If you aren’t traveling, and the rain and the cold weather persist, you’ll be spending quite a bit of time indoors. And if you’re a parent, that means quite a bit of time indoors with tiny little people who tend to have a lot more energy than you do. If you don’t feel like going the iPad route all weekend, might we suggest a classic board game? This week, Amazon is offering some of Hasbro’s most iconic board games and toys on sale, including Battleship, Monopoly Jr., and more. Make this weekend a Play-Doh weekend, or a Hungry Hungry Hippos weekend, or both (so long as you get the message across that neither the Hippos nor the kiddos should be trying to eat the Play-Doh, good as it may look). Below, we’ve rounded up a handful of our favorite deals on classic board games and toys from Hasbro, each marked down up to 27% off.  Read on, click through, and spend a few bucks to earn a lot of Monopoly money. Guess who? It’s savings. Nab the original Guess Who? board game, featuring two sets of characters, for 24% off before President’s Day Weekend,. Monopoly might be a little advanced for your little ones, but Monopoly Junior is the perfect introduction to one of America’s favorite board games. Your kiddos can choose from a cat, car, dog, and top hat, and hit the road. If we’re being honest, we can’t really even remember how this one works. But here’s the rub: the colors are nice, and it’s fun to pull the levers that open the titular Hippo’s mouths. For $17, what more do you need? A new twist – or should we say spin – on an old classic, this Connect 4 Spin Game is 18% off this weekend on Amazon. Place a disc, and shift the paradigm to line them up. A distinctly post-modern take on Connect 4, this game could be a great conversation starter about seminal 20th century literary and philosophical schools of thought. You can’t spell “you sank my Battleship” without “Amazon lowered Battleship’s prices.” Or maybe you can. We can’t really focus on that right now, what with Battleship selling for just $13 on Amazon. If your kiddo won’t touch a game unless it’s got Mario on it, this Monopoly Junior Super Mario Edition is a great way to interact with Mario and cut down on the screen time, now just $17 on Amazon. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.