We’ve finally arrived at Super Bowl Sunday, and by now you’ve likely already fired off on a seemingly endless supply of player, game and novelty prop bets. Or perhaps you’re waiting until the hours before kickoff to target the best values on the board. Either way, we’ve got you covered with our best bets for Super Bowl LVII. These aren’t necessarily the bets most likely to cash — we’ve written about those ad nauseam over the past two weeks — but the ones we feel represent the absolute best values across the entire market. Here are our best bets to make ahead of the clash Sunday between the Eagles and Chiefs: If you’ve read any of my Super Bowl previews over the past two weeks, you know that I love the Eagles every which way on Sunday in a matchup I think they’re uniquely built to win. And I have a sneaking suspicion this one could get out of hand. Though a double-digit victory might feel foreign in the Super Bowl, it’s more common than you think. Five of the past nine Super Bowls have been decided by double digits, which includes the Chiefs’ 22-point loss to the Buccaneers — who in many ways resemble this Eagles squad — in their last Super Bowl appearance. Philadelphia’s dominant run to this point also hints at a potential blowout here. The Eagles are just the fifth team in NFL history to win by at least 21 points in the divisional round and conference championship. The previous four teams won the Super Bowl by an average of 22.3 points. Bet on an outright win first and foremost, but sprinkle some on a double-digit margin, too. You can bet this prop at 14/1 at BetMGM and 13/1 at FanDuel, but I’ve seen it dealing as high as 25/1 at other shops. Either way, that’s absolutely absurd value for a player with as much upside as anyone in this matchup. Gainwell led the Eagles backfield in carries (14), rushing yards (48) and total snaps (31) in the NFC Championship, and his 112 rushing yards in the divisional round were the most in a playoff game by any player on either of these two rosters. So why couldn’t he pace the field in this game, too? Yes, much of that production came late in those two contests, but he also saw crucial snaps early in both games, and I could see a game script favoring heavy usage of the second-year speedster on Sunday. It’s not the likeliest outcome, but at this price, it’s easily my favorite pure value on the entire board. I’m tempted to recommend “no touchback” on the opening kickoff — which has cashed in 26 of the past 29 years and is still dealing at plus-money — but I simply can’t ignore my favorite game prop of Super Bowl LVII, which has become a must-bet prop for me ahead of the big game every year.  We’ve seen a touchdown shorter than 1.5 yards in 23 of the past 33 Super Bowls, including six of the past seven. The only outlier was Super Bowl LIII (2019), when Sony Michel’s 2-yard score was the only touchdown of the entire game — before the Chiefs and 49ers combined for three 1-yard scores the following year. This prop should be dealing at more like -200, but oddsmakers continue to leave value on the table for a goal-line touchdown, especially with these two elite red-zone offenses taking the field. The game-winning score last year came from 1-yard out, and I’ll be shocked if we don’t see at least one short score on Sunday.