It’s time to get your fins out. Legendary tropical rocker Jimmy Buffett is returning to venues all over North America to entertain Parrotheads from coast to coast from March through May this year on his ‘Second Wind Tour.’ And you wouldn’t believe it but we found some tickets to the “Cheeseburger In Paradise” crooner going for as low as $12 before fees on Vivid Seats. That’s cheaper than a cold one at a concert. Heck, while we’re at it, it’s probably less than what it costs to grab a margarita at one of Buffett’s Margaritavilles. (Editor’s note: It is. The ‘Uptown Top Shelf Margarita’ at the Times Square Margaritaville costs $14.75). It really is “Five O’ Clock Somewhere.” So, if you want to make the pilgrimage to catch one of music’s most durable stars live this year, here’s everything you need to know. All prices listed above were found at the time of publication and are subject to fluctuation.  A complete calendar including all upcoming tour dates, venues and links to the cheapest tickets available for each show can be found below. (Note: The New York Post confirmed all above prices at the publication time. All prices are subject to fluctuation and include additional fees at checkout.) Vivid Seats is a verified secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand. They offer a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and your tickets will be delivered prior to the event.  Buffett, 76, likes to keep his fans on their toes. Thus, you never know what he’s going to play when you see him live. Still, to give you an idea of what to expect, here’s Buffett’s set list from his most recent concert on Feb. 15 at the Hard Rock Live in Hollwood, FL courtesy of Set List FM: 01.) Changes in Latitudes, Changes in Attitudes”02.) “Pencil Thin Mustache”03.) “Fins”04.) “Grapefruit—Juicy Fruit”05.) “Growing Older but Not Up”06.) “Volcano”07.) “Son of a Son of a Sailor”08.) “It’s 5 O’Clock Somewhere”09.) “Come Monday”10.) “Cheeseburger in Paradise”11.) “Trying to Reason With Hurricane Season”12.) “Coconut Telegraph”13.) “Little Martha” (The Allman Brothers Band cover)14.) “Knees of My Heart” 15.) “The Wino and I Know”16.) “He Went to Paris”17.) “One Particular Harbour”18.) “A Pirate Looks at Forty”19.) “Back Where I Come From” (Mac McAnally cover)20.) “Margaritaville” Encore: 21.) “Last Mango in Paris”22.) “Tin Cup Chalice” (Jimmy Solo) Want to dig a little deeper and see what Buffett has played at other recent live shows or go as far back as his first concert in 1970? Set List FM has everything you need.  Now that you’ve snagged your Buffett tickets, you’re probably wondering “Who will I see next?” Look no further. Below, you’ll find just five of the biggest acts you won’t want to miss when they come to a city near you this year. • Bruce Springsteen and the E Street Band •  Ringo Starr • The Beach Boys • The Eagles • Phish Hoping to search for more options? Check out our list of the 52 biggest concert tours in 2023 here.