Kevin O’Leary posted a video on his official TikTok account in which he is seen shedding tears while purchasing a specially designed Swiss luxury watch worth at least six figures — prompting social media users to ridicule the “Shark Tank” co-host. O’Leary, who has nearly 1 million followers on TikTok, posted a cell phone video showing him admiring the timepiece — a steel Audemars Piguet Royal Oak with an openwork face. Audemars Piguet doesn’t advertise the prices of its watches on its website, but a glance at several watch-selling sites reveals that similar models start at more than $100,000 and go as high as $700,000. With dramatic piano music playing in the background, an emotional O’Leary is seen gazing at the watch. He then wipes tears from both eyes with his left hand while holding the watch in his right. “It’s incredible,” O’Leary says in the video, which he uploaded to his TikTok account on Monday. “I can’t believe I’m holding it — the only one in the world,” O’Leary says in the 14-second clip. O’Leary, who goes by the nickname “Mr. Wonderful,” posted a 12-and-a-half-minute video on YouTube showing him at the watch dealer. “It’s a gorgeous piece,” the watch salesman tells O’Leary. “Oh my goodness,” O’Leary responds. “It’s so incredible. It has made grown men weep.” “It’s pure beauty,” the Canadian-born investor, entrepreneur and avid watch collector raved. O’Leary said in his YouTube video that he was looking for a “smoking hot dream” of a watch. “I’m getting to a point here where I’ve got so many watches,” O’Leary said. “When I want to bring in a new story, I need something that is so coveted, so hard-to-get, so hard-to-find — the Royal Oak, steel, openwork, one-of-a-kind, Shark Tank watch. In the parlance of watches, an “openwork” is a watch that is designed in a way to show its inner mechanics, usually through a transparent window. O’Leary said that the making of the watch, which he plans to “bust out in season 15 on ‘Shark Tank,'” was a process that began three years ago. He boasted that the watch would be the “centerpiece of the fashionista man himself, Mr. Wonderful.” O’Leary said in the clip that he buys himself a collector watch as a way to reward himself for making a lucrative financial transaction. In the video, neither O’Leary nor the company representative specifies the value of the watch. The Post has sought comment from Audemars Piguet. On social media, however, the reaction was largely negative. “Kevin O’Leary is ultimate cringe [for] crying over a watch,” commented one Twitter user who added: “WTF!” “It does the same exact thing as a $15 watch,” quipped another critic. “I got a watch from Walmart and I cried, too,” another TikTok user reacted. Another O’Leary naysayer wrote on Twitter: “Still don’t know how this guy made money. He’s a total buffoon every time I see him.” Others, however, took a far more charitable view of O’Leary’s tears. “He’s not crying over the watch,” one TikTok user opined. “He’s crying because he realizes how far he’s come.” O’Leary made headlines in recent weeks after publicly defending his paid position as a spokesperson for now-bankrupt cryptocurrency exchange FTX. The “Shark Tank” star said he lost $15 million from his investment in FTX, which was founded by disgraced ex-mogul Sam Bankman-Fried. The federal government has indicted Bankman-Fried, charging him with financial crimes including money laundering and wire fraud. In his public comments, O’Leary has refused to condemn Bankman-Fried, who is alleged to have used customer funds to cover losses by his hedge fund Alameda Research, as a “fraud.”