 When in doubt, we’re always at Target to shop for — well, quite literally, everything. From beauty shopping to kitchen and dining items to suit your home space, there’s a reason why the red-and-white-embossed retailer is a sworn-in favorite for many. Especially those who love all things pink petals and floral-designed. Meet Target’s latest seasonal drop: the Spring Decor Shop. Its miniature botanical plants, dried floral bouquets, cozy bedding and pastel odds and ends are already making us swoon with delight for the new season. (Related: best Amazon home decor). Even better, some of your favorite Target collections like Hearth & Hand with Magnolia, Opalhouse with Jungalow and Threshold with Studio McGee are hosting limited-edition items to make your space feel a bit more springy. Ahead, shop our 10 favorite Target spring decor items you can start picking up now (along with going on your inaugural picnic, of course). When we see an ivory potted plant and some lavender springs, we automatically think of the spring season. For just $10, it’s bound to match just about any room in your home and serves as a lovely, botanical-inspired accent. Throw pillows are certainly what we love (after all, who doesn’t love something cozy for your sectional sofa?) The Open Grid Square Throw Pillow from Hearth & Hand with Magnolia’s line (which was founded by Chip and Joanna Gaines) is everything we could ask for: chic, match-all and affordable. Taper candles are all the rage right now (and rightfully so; they serve as a lovely, “Beauty & the Beast”-inspired centerpiece for any dinner party). Right now, this aluminum-plated trio is just $25 and worth the grab, especially ahead of Easter. One trend we especially love is decorating your home with ceramics. The Threshold Tall Swirled Clay Marble Vase nods to that perfectly, serving as a lovely piece for your server or bookcase. Who doesn’t love baby’s breath — let alone pink baby’s breath? Adorned in a woven pot, it’s the hanging home decor staple of our dreams. Not to mention, it’s only $10. Woven baskets have multiple purposes: they’re great for storing blankets, toys and random odds and ends in your home. For $30, this generously spacious option from Threshold is one we have our eyes on. Welcome spring — home-decor style. The Hearth & Hand with Magnolia Welcome Home Coir Doormat is no more than $20, is apt for year-round use and matches beautifully with your neutral patio-scape. In short, it’s New York Post Shopping-approved. We’re always on the hunt for a quality planter, and this one from Threshold caught our eye. Whether you’ll be potting a Monstera or a Philodendron, rest assured this one is both stylish and practical. We’ve been seeing these candle holders everywhere — adding much personality to a boring corner of your home. For just $30, we love the look of them (and, are surprised they’re not upwards of $200, as we’ve seen elsewhere). We love the size, shape and look of the Threshold Large Marble Monstera Artificial Plant. If you don’t have the greenest of thumbs, this one will hold its perfect look all year round. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.