New York Post readers can get up to $1,000 in bonus bets on BetMGM Sportsbook with the bonus code NPBONUS. BetMGM’s new customer offer lets bettors place their initial wager up to $1,000, and if the bet loses, they would still get that same amount back in bet credits, aka bonus bets. Follow the button below for more information on BetMGM’s offer before the No. 6 Virginia Cavaliers play the North Carolina Tar Heels in Chapel Hill on Saturday. If you don’t want to bet on college hoops, this offer works for any BetMGM sports market. BetMGM bonus code NPBONUS allows new customers to get up to $1,000 in bonus bets. If you were to make a $150 bet that loses – you still get back $150 in bet credits with the bonus code. This works for any amount up to $1,000. The new customer offer from BetMGM is a great way for inexperienced bettors to dip their toe into the sports betting world. March Madness is just a few weeks away and it is an especially precarious time for bubble teams that need to start playing their best basketball to secure an NCAA Tournament bid. The North Carolina Tar Heels are in that exact position and have a chance to earn their first Quad 1 win of the season when they host the No. 6 Virginia Cavaliers tonight. BetMGM favors North Carolina by 3.5 points at home and that feels too high given UNC’s struggles. The Tar Heels are 0-9 in Quad 1 games this year! They have consistently struggled against good competition and it doesn’t get any easier with the Cavaliers coming to town. UNC hasn’t been improving down the stretch, either, as it has lost five of its last seven games. To be sure, Virginia is not some unbeatable force as shown by its road loss to Boston College on Wednesday, but it has been way more consistent from game to game. The Cavaliers are playing like a typical Tony Bennett team, and even though it’s a boring style of play, the final results look good in the win/loss column. The magic from North Carolina’s run to the championship game last year appears to be gone, so back the team that has been better all season by taking Virginia with BetMGM bonus code NPBONUS. New and existing players. Must be 21+. AZ, CO, DC, IA, IL, IN, KS, LA, MD, MI, NJ, TN, VA, PA, WV, WY only. Full T&C apply.. One of the easiest ways to get yourself a load of bet credits is through BetMGM’s very generous “refer a friend” scheme. BetMGM allows bettors to refer up to 20 friends, with both getting a $50 bonus. Your friend will need to make their first deposit and place their $50 bonus on any sport at odds of -200 or greater in order for you to claim your bonus. For Ohio: 21+ and present in OH. Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER.