This wedding planner went viral on TikTok after she revealed that brides shouldn’t wear a bra on the morning of their big day. Julia, who owns the wedding planning business Day by Drachenberg, has garnered millions of views for her tips, which have recently resurfaced. Her video has hit more than 5.3 million views since it was posted last May. In the clip, Julia began by explaining why bras are such a bad idea before you walk down the aisle. “No bras,” she said. “No bras, because you’re gonna get changed into your dress and want to take your dress photos, and you’re gonna have bra lines all over your back.” Julia explained that she made the video because she kept seeing the same tips over and over for brides and bridesmaids, such as “eat breakfast” and “don’t be the last to get your hair and makeup done.” “The tips I gave mostly revolve around [minimizing] lines from clothing and not having hair ties in their photos because it can take away from their look and it shouldn’t be the main focus,” Julia wrote in an email to The Post. Her other tips included avoiding putting hair ties and watches on your wrist, steaming your dress the night before, not wearing things that you need to pull over your head, and keeping away from socks. “The wrist? I don’t want to see hair ties on it,” she explained. “Again, you’re gonna take ’em off and you’re gonna have hair tie marks in your arm. Or, worse, you’re gonna leave it on all day, and in every photo of you in your wedding, you’re gonna have a f—ing hair tie on your arm.” She explained that socks pose a similar problem. “I get it, your feet are cold, I’m with you, wear slippers,” Julia cautioned. “Socks make lines. Lines make for ugly putting on your shoe photos, okay?” Julia told The Post, “The morning of the wedding is so hectic so anything to make that easier like steaming early and setting out your items saves some time. The last tip is about taking a moment to yourself, to reflect on the day and all the years and moments that lead up to it because it can be such an emotionally big day and flys by.” In the comments section of her video, many praised the wedding planner for her day-of tricks, admitting that they had never thought of doing any of these hacks before. “Thank you so much!!” one person commented. “I’m getting married next year and these are great tips!” Another agreed, writing, “Very important things you stated and these can be overlooked. Thank you.” “Single for a long time but feel this is useful just to know ,” someone else typed. However, some called the planner out for having “too many expectations” of brides on their big day. “Yeah no,” the user wrote. “Way too many expectations and rules a young woman has to come up to again. Leaving her anxious about doing something wrong. Again.” “Wear a bra,” another advised. “I was talked out of it from EVERYONE. And in my pictures it shows. I had I/J cups at that time.” However, this is not the first time that a wedding planner has shared their strong opinions with brides-to-be. Marie Kubin, who is the founder and CEO of Rent My Wedding, said that you can skip out on champagne toast, a balloon backdrop, and doughnut walls during your party, among other things — as you’re just wasting money in the end. “Plus, the doughnut wall is so trendy that you’ll cringe when you see it in your photos a few years from now,” she explained.