The war of the game shows has commenced. “Jeopardy!” host Ken Jennings took a swipe at “The Price Is Right,” insinuating that the quiz show contestants are superior to players on the CBS game show. Jennings, 48, teamed up with contestant Greg Snyder on Tuesday’s episode, slamming the rival show while discussing Snyder’s prior game show experience. “Fifteen years ago, I was lucky enough to get picked on ‘The Price Is Right,’ where I won a car,” Snyder, a call center manager from Las Vegas, said from his podium. “I gotta say, [‘Jeopardy!’] is just a thousand times better. So much more fun.” “Anybody can be on ‘The Price is Right,’ ” he added. “You gotta work to be on ‘Jeopardy!’ “ Jennings also made a dig against “The Price Is Right,” saying, “We didn’t just pull you out of the crowd today, Greg. You didn’t come in with a uniform or a funny sign.” Snyder may have won a new Pontiac during his time on the longest-running game show, but on “Jeopardy!,” he finished in third place after four-day champ Matthew Marcus and runner-up Carolyn Shivers. The Post has reached out to CBS and “Jeopardy!” for comment. Recently, one “Jeopardy!” player aired his grievances about the popular trivia challenge series recently, taking to Facebook to criticize the ABC show. Three-time winner Yogesh Raut, 38, called “Jeopardy!” a “glorified reality show” and implied its viewers are racist. While he scored $94,403 on the series, he wrote a plethora of rants on Jan. 12 about his experiences. He began by explaining his quiz-related accomplishments and then noted: “Yet today I’m receiving the most attention, praise, congratulations and nasty trolling from strangers (!) of my life…and for what? What did I do to get the biggest paycheck of my quizzing career? I beat two guys.” “ ‘Jeopardy!’ is not the problem; its centrality to American society is,” he said. “There will never be a healthy quizzing culture in this country until we learn to stop pretending that ‘Jeopardy!’ is important.” Raut continued: “ ‘Jeopardy!’ is a fun TV show but putting it on a pedestal is an objectively bad thing.  It’s bad for the future of quizzing.” He also claimed that the series is harmful to women and people of color who want to be treated as equals to white men, saying: “People who make no effort to learn about my experiences blithely default to an ‘Angry Brown Man with chip on shoulder’ label.” “Toxic White entitlement, like toxic male entitlement, is real, is genuinely harmful, and is not going anywhere,” the Washington native went on. “There’s been a lot of back-patting in the quizzing community recently, talk of how we’re undergoing a ‘reckoning.’ I see no reckoning.”