TAMPA — After Frankie Montas’ shoulder injury and subsequent surgery opened up a rotation spot, Domingo German’s strengthened shoulder could help him claim the job. Montas’ surgery has led to a two-pitcher battle between German and Clarke Schmidt for the Yankees’ fifth-starter role. German, who threw two solid “innings” of live batting practice Friday at Steinbrenner Field, is the favorite, though he is valuing his health more than his positioning. A large part of German’s offseason entailed building up his right shoulder, which had suffered an impingement that sidelined him for the first three and half months of last season. “I feel like right now at this point I’m feeling better than last year,” German, who went on the 60-day injured list last March, said through interpreter Marlon Abreu. “In the offseason, the plan was to find a way to make my shoulder stronger. … I did what I needed to do in terms of preparation so my shoulder could be stronger and in better shape.” Mission accomplished, German believes. He said he feels “very good physically” as he stretches out his arm. Manager Aaron Boone said German looked “pretty good” Friday, when his overall stuff was better than his location. With the Grapefruit League beginning Saturday, each of German’s outings will be under a microscope as the Yankees decide upon their last rotation member. German — who was solid last season upon returning in July and does not have any options remaining — is the front-runner to win the gig. German said the surgery to Montas, which will keep him out until at least August, did not change his mentality. If needed, he would adjust to a swingman or reliever role, which he has done in the past. But if given the choice? “I like being a starter,” said German, who finished last season with a 3.61 ERA in 72 ¹/₃ innings, which included 14 starts. His odds to claim the spot are strong, particularly because Schmidt can be sent to the minor leagues without being exposed to waivers. There are other theoretical options for Boone behind Gerrit Cole, Carlos Rodon, Nestor Cortes and Luis Severino. Young righties on the 40-man roster include Deivi Garcia, Jhony Brito and Randy Vasquez. But in the very early going, German has looked strong enough to enter the season in the rotation. “We got a long way to go,” Boone said when asked if the competition is a two-horse race. “We’re getting [German] ready to start. We’re getting Clarke ready to start. We’ll just see how things play out.”