Madonna is not hung up on the haters who criticized her appearance at the 2023 Grammys. The 64-year-old boundary-breaking musician penned a lengthy response to Instagram on Tuesday after keyboard critics deemed the material girl unrecognizable on music’s biggest night. She paired her words with a video of herself posing with stars including Cardi B, Sam Smith, and Honey Dijon at the Grammys. “Instead of focusing on what I said in my speech which was about giving thanks for the fearlessness of artists like Sam [Smith] and Kim [Petras],” she said of the “Unholy” performers. “Many people chose to only talk about Close-up photos of me Taken with a long lens camera By a press photographer that Would distort anyone’s face!!” She continued: “Once again I am caught in the glare of ageism and misogyny That permeates the world we live in A world that refuses to celebrate women pass the age of 45 And feels the need to punish her If she continues to be strong-willed, hard-working and adventurous.” “I have never apologized for any of the creative choices I have made nor the way that I look or dress and I’m not going to start,” Madonna added. “I have been degraded by the media since the beginning of my career but I understand that this is all a test and I am happy to do the trailblazing so that all the women behind me can have an easier time in the years to come.” “In the words of Beyoncé ‘You-won’t break my soul,'” she quoted the record-breaking all-time Grammy winner. “I look forward to many more years of subversive behavior — pushing boundaries —Standing up to the patriarchy — and Most of all enjoying my life. Bow down bitches!” Madonna’s statement comes after a source close to the singer told The Post on Monday that she wants to look like the “2000s Madonna” and refers to herself in the third person. Her puffy face, the insider added, is a result of her obsession with her cheeks. “She doesn’t realize that it’s making her look a bit like a caricature of herself,” the source said. The singer also allegedly employs a makeup artist and a facialist, who are on constant “skin watch” to keep it looking youthful. But those measures did not impress fans at Sunday’s awards show as they took to Twitter to discuss her bizarre appearance. #GRAMMYs I really wish Madonna never touched her face,” one wrote. “There really was no reason. She was going to age beautifully. She’s always been beautiful. #Stopplayingwithyallface#Grammys2023#Madonna.” Another said, “Madonna doesn’t even look like Madonna. Who was that? So awkward. #GRAMMYs.” The “Papa Don’t Preach” songstress is mother to her biological daughter, Lourdes Leon, 26; and her five adopted kids, Rocco Ritchie, 22, David Banda, 17, Mercy James, 17, and 10-year-old twins Stella and Estere Ciccone.