She wants people to send her their seX-files. Ever dream of telling an A-lister your dirtiest secrets? Maybe not, but here’s your chance anyway. Gillian Anderson is inviting people to write letters detailing their wildest sexual fantasies for her new book on the female sexual experience. “The Crown” star detailed the X-rated project in a new op-ed for “The Guardian.” “I want women across the world, and all of you who identify intrinsically as women now…. to write to me and tell me what you think about when you think about sex,” Anderson, 54, implored in the column. “Whether it’s when you’re having it by yourself or with a partner, or with more than one. Tell me.” However, the “Sex Education” star isn’t compiling these lusty letters for her own personal “seX-files.” She aims to document the sex lives of women around the globe to help shed light on “women’s sexuality and what it means to be a woman today,” the Independent reported. This collection of carnal correspondence — which will be published anonymously — was inspired by Nancy Friday’s revolutionary 1973 best seller, “My Secret Garden,” which also compiled letters regarding the female sexperience. “Its unfiltered and painful honesty shook me,” Anderson wrote. “These letters and interviews were incredibly intimate and very raw.” Anderson said that her sexposé was also sparked partially sparked by her Netflix series “Sex Education,” in which she played candid sex therapist Dr. Jean Milburn. “Since ‘Sex Education’ was broadcast, friends and journalists started asking me if women sometimes felt compelled to share their sexual problems or fantasies with me,” the thespian explained in the Guardian. “Well, they don’t. Which ultimately is what gave me the idea for a book.” Part of the problem, per Anderson, is that women want to share their darkest fantasies, but still remain hesitant due to the societal stigma of women talking about hanky-panky. She says it often requires a key-holder like her to come along and help “unlock” these “deepest, most intimate fears and fantasies.” “Here is the key,” she said. “I want to hear from you because when we talk about sex, we talk about womanhood and motherhood, infidelity and exploitation, consent and respect, fairness and egalitarianism, love and hate, pleasure and pain.” “The First Lady” actress declared no fantasy is too risqué for the book.  “Wherever you come from, whomever you do or don’t sleep with, whether you’re 18 or 80: I want to hear from you,” the female empowerment advocate urged. “Write to me, starting your letter ‘Dear Gillian.’ ” Anderson explained that the letter collection will most likely be titled “Dear Gillian,” however, a release date has yet to be announced. This isn’t the first time Anderson has gone viral for talking about the female sexperience. Earlier this month, the dramatist retweeted a photo of a pink “vagina-shaped” cloud in Turkey, which she jokingly declared was a “sign” that “God is a woman.”