Bart Starr. Joe Namath. Len Dawson. Johnny Unitas. Roger Staubach. Bob Griese. Terry Bradshaw… Winning does not guarantee immortality. Trent Dilfer can tell you that. Mark Rypien can tell you that. Winning does not automatically secure a spot for you in Canton, Ohio, at the Pro Football Hall of Fame. Brad Johnson can tell you that. Jeff Hostetler can tell you that. Surely Nick Foles and Joe Flacco will tell you that. But winning gets you on The List. It is a good list. It may be the most coveted list. It is a list of 35 names, the quarterbacks who have won Super Bowls. It is missing some bold-faced names: Dan Marino is not on The List. Neither is Fran Tarkenton. Nor Jim Kelly. Those are iconic players in every sense of the word. They will never be on The List. Patrick Mahomes is on The List, so he is merely taking a shot at adding another checkmark next to his name on The List. Jalen Hurts has a different opportunity Sunday. He can become the 36th man on The List. He should have a long and prosperous career from here, no matter what happens Sunday. But if he wins, he’s on The List. And that means the rest of his life he’ll have that. Ken Stabler. Jim Plunkett. Joe Montana. Joe Theismann. Jim Plunkett. Jim McMahon. Phil Simms… Some of the acclaim for Jalen Hurts … well, it borders on genuine hyperbole. Take this gem, from his head coach, Nick Sirianni: “I know this is high praise, but to have him out there is like having — I shouldn’t even go there — it’s like having Michael Jordan out there. He’s your leader. He’s your guy.” Some of the endorsements are a bit more rational, if still effusive. “He’s one of the guys, if we’re off and I just want to watch a football game, he’s one of the guys I want to watch,” Mahomes said. Said Chiefs coach Andy Reid: “He’s just very good at that position. And it’s a hard position.” Most agree: When he is on, he is as gifted as the position allows. The Eagles have ridden that brilliance all the way to Glendale, Ariz. There is but one stop left. Doug Williams. Jeff Hostetler. Mark Rypien. Troy Aikman. Steve Young. Brett Favre. John Elway… If feels like we’ve known Hurts for a decade, and in some ways we have. He was the first true freshman to start at Alabama in 32 years. He led the Crimson Tide to two College Football Playoff title games. He lost the first. He was benched in the second. Rather than mope and pout, he was the loudest and happiest sideline advocate for Tua Tagovailoa. He played behind Tua for a year, was one of the first wave of big-name transfers to take advantage of the new rules allowing players to switch schools without penalty of sitting for a year. He starred at Oklahoma. Now, had he not gotten hurt and if he didn’t happen to play in the same time as Mahomes, he may well have earned an MVP Trophy. “It’s been a pretty unique journey, sure,” Hurts said this week. “But I’m grateful for all of it. I think it’s helped make me who I am.” Kurt Warner. Trent Dilfer. Tom Brady. Brad Johnson. Ben Roethlisberger. Peyton Manning. Eli Manning… It has also been a swift one. Remember: Two years ago, former Eagles coach Doug Pederson chose to remove him in a meaningless Week 17 game against the Commanders when he was playing well, going with Nate Sudfeld rather than giving Hurts more time. Pederson explained this as “giving Nate a chance.” In New York, they figured that was Philly Speak for “Hosing the Giants,” since a Philly win — and they were leading when Hurts came out — would’ve meant the playoffs. That silliness seems a lifetime in the past now. Two years later, Jalen Hurts is one of the best quarterbacks on earth. And Sunday, The List beckons. Drew Brees. Aaron Rodgers. Joe Flacco. Russell Wilson. Nick Foles. Patrick Mahomes. Matthew Stafford.