Whoopi Goldberg became the latest celebrity to take aim at Nikki Haley’s age — saying the 51-year-old GOP presidential candidate is not part of the “new generation” she claims to be a member of. “The View” co-host fired off the jab during Monday’s show, days after CNN anchor Don Lemon got himself into hot water for saying on air that Haley was “not in her prime.” Goldberg played a clip of one of the presidential hopeful’s campaign videos before ripping her. The “Washington establishment has failed us over and over and over again,” Haley said in the clip. “It’s time for a new generation of leadership.” Goldberg then quickly interjected: “You’re not a new generation. You’re 51. What are you talking about?” Her co-host, Republican strategist Alyssa Farah Griffin, tried to defend Haley’s point. “Compared to DC, though, that’s a new generation,” Griffin said. “Congress is old.” But Goldberg didn’t budge, responding again, “it’s not a new generation,” and added, “She may be younger than most of those people, but her rhetoric is the same. She’s saying the same BS.” The “Sister Act” star slammed the former South Carolina governor as Lemon was missing from “CNN This Morning” — for the second show in a row — after he said Haley “isn’t in her prime” during a segment last week. Lemon, 56, then told his co-hosts Poppy Harlow and Kaitlan Collins that “a woman is considered to be in her prime in her 20s and 30s and maybe 40s.” He was responding to Haley’s call for mental competency tests for politicians over 75 when he made the shocking on-air statement. The comments sparked backlash online with many calling Lemon sexist and some even demanding his removal from the station. The CNN star said he regretted his comments in a statement he posted on Twitter soon after. “The reference I made to a woman’s “prime” this morning was inartful and irrelevant, as colleagues and loved ones have pointed out, and I regret it. A woman’s age doesn’t define her either personally or professionally,” Lemon tweeted. “I have countless women in my life who prove that every day.” He later apologized to his CNN co-workers, including his co-hosts specifically, in an internal call. It’s unclear if Lemon will return as co-host Tuesday morning as sources told Page Six the journalist has “zero defenders” left at the network. Meanwhile, Haley addressed attacks made against her on Fox News’ “The Story with Martha MacCallum” Monday. “If my age is all they have, it means we’re winning,” she said. “I’m okay with that.”