Prepare to feel like an ancient artifact. American Girl unveiled its newest “historical” dolls Wednesday: fraternal twins Isabel and Nicki Hoffman, straight out of the 1990s. They join the other nostalgic historical characters from every era, from the Kaya doll, who is based in 1764, to Courtney, who represents 1986, the same year that American Girl launched. The twins’ glitter-and-grunge backstory takes place in Seattle in 1999, and they are all that and a bag of chips, with their separately purchased accessories, including a desktop computer, a purple inflatable chair and the Pizza Hut BOOK IT program, complete with the chain’s nostalgic red cup. “Isabel is bubbly, extroverted and very into pop music. Nicki is thoughtful, introverted and passionate about skateboarding,” the American Girl website explains. “Throughout their stories, each twin learns more about who she is as an individual, with Nicki beginning to express herself with zines (homemade magazines) and song lyrics, and Isabel focusing her passion for party planning and interior decorating,” it continues. Standing 18 inches tall, Isabel’s style is “Clueless” preppy, complete with a purple sweater vest and a checkered skirt. Her other accessories, sold separately, include a beret, floral necklace, pink bag and scrapbook — and even a mock Tamagotchi digital pet that was popularized in the ’90s. Nicki’s skater-like clothing comes with a gray T-shirt underneath a blue T-shirt dress, and a flannel top tied around her waist for good measure. Her extras include a baseball hat, black sunglasses, a yin-yang necklace and a messenger bag. Twitter users were both astounded that the ’90s are considered historical and impressed by the brand’s spot-on accessories. “I love them…. but I was NOT ready to be historical American girl doll age,” one stunned fan wrote. “No one prepares you for the day that American Girl releases a historical doll *after* your birth year,” another added. “After all we’ve been through together, this is how American Girl treats me in the end???????” another OG doll player said. “New American Girl historical dolls just dropped and they’re from the 90s and come with a Pizza Hut BOOK IT set, a ‘You got this!’ dangling cat poster, and a copy of the American Girl magazine that I still own,” one collector admitted. “American Girl targeted me, and me specifically, with this damn 90’s Twins collection… the working computer, the TAMAGOTCHI, the inflatable chair and one of them makes ZINES?” another said, perhaps relating a little too well to the new dolls. The twins are available for purchase online and at American Girl stores nationwide. 