Three people were killed and at least five others were injured after a gunman opened fire at the Michigan State University on Monday night, officials said. University police believe a lone suspect, who was still at large, carried out at least two shootings on campus, MSU Police and Public Safety Interim Deputy Chief Chris Rozman said during a 11 p.m. press conference. Rozman said the five wounded victims suffered “life-threatening” injuries and were rushed to a local hospital. He said the shooting began inside Berkey Hall, an academic building on the East Lansing campus, around 8:18 p.m. Officers received multiple 911 calls of an active shooter inside the building and responded within minutes and arrived on the scene to find several victims. The gunman then moved to the MSU Union building — which houses a student dining hall — five doors down and continued to fire rounds at students, Rozman said. Emergency responders found victims in that building as well. Police released an image of the suspect, who they described as “a black male, shorter in statue, wearing red shoes, a jean jacket and ball cap,” following the 11 p.m. press conference. Following the first report of shots fired, students and staff at the school were ordered to “secure-in-place,” authorities said. “There have been shots fired near Berkey Hall on the East Lansing campus,” MSU police wrote on Twitter. “Please secure-in-place immediately. Police are active on scene,” the post continued. University police on Monday night sent out an alert warning the campus community to “Run, Hide, Fight,” according to Freep.com. “Run means evacuate away from danger if you can do so safely, Hide means to secure-in-place, and Fight means protect yourself if you have no other option,” the message said. Rozman said community members should continue to shelter in place both on and off campus. A MSU sophomore told the Detroit News she was inside her dorm on campus when she heard people barricading doors and shouting “Go” so she fled the residence hall with other students. A police officer instructed them to go to a nearby bus stop, according to the outlet. “We don’t feel safe anywhere,” the student, Alexis Dinkins, told the paper. MSU cancelled all campus activities for the next 48 hours. 