Not many artists can headline Brooklyn’s Barclays Center two nights in a row. JJ Lin is one of those artists. On Feb. 17 and Feb. 18, the Singaporean singer will perform back-to-back nights at the Nets’ home arena as part of his ongoing ‘JJ20 World Tour.’ Thankfully, tickets are still available for both concerts — they’re just not cheap. At the time of publication, the lowest price we could find on tickets was $173 before fees on Vivid Seats. Following the two nights in Brooklyn, Lin will head north for a pair of gigs at Toronto’s Coca-Cola Coliseum on Feb. 23 and Feb. 24. After that, he’ll head overseas for shows in Hong Kong, Melbourne, Sydney, Paris and London. So, if you want to hear the popular veteran artist celebrate his 20-year career by playing some of his greatest hits like “Practice Love,” “Beautiful,” “If Only,” “53 Dawns” and “Those Were The Days” live, here’s everything you need to know. All prices are subject to fluctuation.  Lin has four concerts remaining on his North American calendar this year. Here’s everything you need to know about each and every one of his upcoming shows from dates to venue to cheapest upper-level and floor seats available. (Note: The New York Post confirmed all above prices at the publication time. All prices are subject to fluctuation and include additional fees at checkout.) Vivid Seats is a verified secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand. They offer a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and your tickets will be delivered prior to the event.  Just this year, Lin released two EP’s that he’s calling “JJ’s Bloom n’ Tunes Volume 1” and “JJ’s Bloom n’ Tunes Volume 2.” Want to hear the popular artist’s latest? You can find Volume 1 here; click here for Volume 2.  Many huge acts are taking their talents to venues all over North America this year. Here are just five of our favorites you won’t want to miss live. • Tomorrow X Together • Epik High • Stray Kids • beabadoobee • Dreamcatcher Want to dive a bit deeper into the concert scene? Check out our list of the 52 biggest concert tours in 2023 here.