Kevin Durant and Kyrie Irving signed with the Nets as a blockbuster free-agent tandem in 2019, and James Harden joined them via trade in early 2021. All three players — with 31 career All-Star designations between them — forced their way out of Brooklyn in the past year, but Durant and Irving don’t believe such maneuvering and trade demands by players should be considered a detriment for the NBA. “I don’t think it’s bad for the league,” Durant told reporters at the All-Star festivities Saturday in Salt Lake City. “It’s bringing more eyes to the league. More people are more excited. The tweets that I got and the news hits that we got from me being traded and Kyrie being traded, just brings more attention to the league. “And that’s really what makes you money, is when you get more attention. So I think it’s great for the league, to be honest. Teams have been trading players and making acquisitions for a long time. Now when a player can kind of dictate where he wants to go and leave in free agency or demand a trade, it’s just part of the game now. So I don’t think it’s a bad thing. It’s bringing more and more excitement to the game.” Durant requested a trade and was dealt Feb. 9 to Phoenix, with T.J. Warren, for Mikal Bridges, Cam Johnson, four first-round picks and an additional first-round pick swap. Three days earlier, Irving had been shipped, with Markieff Morris, to Dallas for Spencer Dinwiddie, Dorian Finney-Smith, a first-round pick and two second-rounders. Irving previously had left the Cavaliers for Boston following a trade request and then escaped the Celtics for the Nets as a free agent. “What’s a bad situation, and why doesn’t anyone have the ability to ask for trades? That’s my question,” Irving said Saturday in Salt Lake City. “Just when did it become terrible to make great business decisions for yourself and your happiness and your peace of mind? “Not every employer you’re going to get along with, so if you have a chance to go somewhere else, and you’re doing it legally, then I don’t think there’s a problem with it.” Irving added that he has “no regrets” over his tumultuous time in Brooklyn, including missing time over a refusal to get vaccinated against COVID-19 and a suspension earlier this season for promoting a film containing anti-Semitic messages. “I had a plan in place where I wanted to stay in Brooklyn long-term,” said Irving, who will be an unrestricted free agent this summer. “Being a Net was a dream come true for me. Obviously, I wish things could have worked out for the best of all of us in terms of winning the championship, and etching our names in the history of the NBA. Those are big aspirations, but it sounds easier said than done. “I had an incredible four years. I’m grateful to all the people I met throughout the whole entire organization, but I have no regrets. I went through a lot of personal battles myself, had a unique journey. And now I get to speak on it truthfully and know that I’ve grown as a person, grown as a player. Now I can move forward and reflect in the rearview when it’s time, but move forward with Dallas and the teammates I have now, so I’m grateful.” Durant has been sidelined since early January with a knee injury, but hopes to join Devin Booker, Chris Paul and the Suns on the court shortly after the All-Star break. The Mavericks won their first two games after acquiring Irving, with All-Star guard Luka Doncic sidelined with a heel injury, but they are 0-3 with Irving and Doncic playing together. “It’s a fresh trade, so it’s gonna be a figuring-out process,” Irving said. “I wouldn’t call it trouble, we have dealt with some ups and downs throughout live games and that’s our only way we can really grow. I wish we could have training camp together, where you guys don’t see some of our mistakes. But we’re living it out in front of you guys. … I have to be selfless enough to change my approach from game to game.”