The 2023 Grammy Awards are right around the corner! Sunday marks the return of music’s biggest night to the Crypto.com Arena, previously the Staples Center, after two years of alternate locations due to social distancing during the COVID-19 pandemic The event will be broadcasted live on Sunday, Feb. 5, at 8 p.m. EST on CBS and be available to stream on Paramount+. Three-time host Trevor Noah, 38, will emcee the night as past hosts James Corden and Billy Crystal are scheduled to hand out some awards. Other presenters include Cardi B, Viola Davis, Shania Twain, Olivia Rodrigo and Dwayne “The Rock” Johnson. First Lady Jill Biden is also rumored to hand out a golden gramophone as well. DJ Khaled’s Grammy-nominated song “God Did” recruited some of the game’s top hip-hop and rap artists: Jay-Z, Lil Wayne, Rick Ross, John Legend and Fridayy, all of whom are confirmed to take the stage on Sunday night. Khaled, 47, has one Grammy win to his credit while Jay-Z has an impressive 24 trophies. Of course, the 53-year-old “Hard Knock Life” rapper’s confirmed appearance also increases the odds of his wife, Beyoncé, who is up for nine awards, gracing the award show’s presence. Ross, 47, is a nine-time Grammy nominee while Lil Wayne, 40, has five awards in his trophy case. The 44-year-old Legend is a 12-time Grammy winner. This is the first year Fridayy has ever been nominated for Grammys. The 34-year-old “About Damn Time” artist is up for five awards, including Record Of The Year, Album Of The Year, Song Of The Year, Best Pop Solo Performance and Best Pop Vocal Album. Lizzo released her fourth studio album “Special” on July 15, 2022. The “Truth Hurts” flute-playing superstar was recently honored with her own Madame Tussaud wax figure. Six-time Grammy winner Brandi Carlile, 41, could win seven more awards this year as she is nominated for some of the academy’s top awards, including Record Of The Year (“You And Me On The Rock”) and Album Of The Year for “In These Silent Days.” The singer-songwriter recently performed at Ellen DeGenerous and Portia de Rossi’s inmate vow renewal. Carlile also will join Pink for some stops on her “Summer Carnival 2023” tour, including Aug. 3 at Citi Field in Queens. Twenty-five-time Grammy winner Stevie Wonder, 72, will team up with Smokey Robinson, 82, and country singer Chris Stapleton, 44, for a special performance Sunday night. Robinson was honored Friday night with the MusiCares Person of the Year award, along with Motown founder Berry Gordy. He was the recipient of the Grammy Legend Award in 1990 and a lifetime achievement award in 1999, Wonder is also no stranger to the coveted award show. He received a lifetime achievement award from the Recording Academy in 1996 and is the only artist to ever win album of the year with three consecutive studio albums. However, Adele could tie that achievement on Sunday if her album “30” takes the cake. Stapleton is an eight-time Grammy winner who is nominated this year for his song  “I’ll Love You Till The Day I Die,” which he and Rodney Crowell co-wrote and was recorded by Willie Nelson. The duo will likely perform their nominated collaboration “Unholy.” Smith, 30, who is nonbinary and uses they/them pronouns, and Petras, 30, who is transgender, would be the first-ever non-binary and trans artists to win a Grammy in the Best Pop Duo/Group Performance category. The four-time Grammy-winning Smith released their third studio album “Gloria” last week, so we could also see a solo performance from them as well. Worship group Maverick City Music is up for five awards this year, including Best Gospel Performance/Song for “Kingdom” and Best Gospel Album for “Kingdom Book One.” The Atlanta-founded group — which includes members Naomi Raine, Chandler Moore Brandon Lake, Maryanne J. George, Aaron Moses, Harold Brown, Joe L Barnes and Lizzie Morgan — scored one Grammy last year in the Best Contemporary Christian Music Album category. Harry Styles, 29, who won his first Grammy in 2021, will perform at the 2023 award show. The former One Direction boy bander recently completed 15 sold-out nights at the Kia Forum in Los Angeles, where he ripped his pants in front of his childhood crush, “Friends” star Jennifer Aniston. Styles performed “Watermelon Sugar” at the 2021 Grammys. Two-time Grammy-winning Puerto Rican rapper Bad Bunny will also perform on Sunday night. He is nominated for three awards, including Album Of The Year, Best Pop Solo Performance and Best Música Urbana Album. The “Me Porto Bonito” singer will also headline Coachella this year along with Blackpink and Frank Ocean. He previously stated that he was going to take 2023 to rest and step out of the spotlight, but his calendar seems to be quickly filling up with career-defining moments. Former Super Bowl Halftime performer Mary J. Blige, 52, is nominated for six awards this year and is also slated to perform. She already has nine Grammys to her name and could score again in some of the night’s most coveted categories, including Record of the Year and Album of the Year. She released her 14th studio album “Good Morning Gorgeous” on  Feb. 11, 2022. The “No Drama” singer was also the recipient of last year’s Billboard Icon Award. Six-time Grammy-nominated country singer Luke Combs is nominated for three more awards this year. The “Beautiful Crazy” singer was up for Best New Artist in 2019. The 32-year-old released his third studio album “Growin’ Up” on June 24, 2022. He has never performed at the Grammys but has taken the Country Music Awards and American Music Awards stages by storm. Steve Lacy is up for four Grammy nominations including Record and Song of the Year for his viral hit “Bad Habit.” The 24-year-old’ Compton native’s smash hit has been used in over 704,300 TikTok videos and even landed him as a musical guest on “Saturday Night Live” on Nov 5. He has two prior Grammy nominations to his credit from 2016 and 2020. Questlove, the drummer of The Roots, will be co-curating a Hip-Hop 50 tribute performance at the 2023 Grammys. The 52-year-old Philadelphia legend and “The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon” star will be joined by a lineup of stars that will be named in the coming days. The 18-time Grammy nominee has taken home six of those awards over the years and also won an Oscar for his 2022 documentary “Summer of Soul.” Taylor Swift is nominated for four awards, including Song of the Year and Best Music Video for “All Too Well (10 Minute Version) (Short Film).” The 33-year-old “Midnights” songstress is already an 11-time Grammy winner. Later this year, she will embark on the already controversial “Eras Tour” on March 17 in Glendale, Arizona. Swift released the music video for “Lavender Haze” on Jan. 27. Beyoncé has a habit of showing up at award shows unannounced. The 41-year-old “Cuff It” singer is nominated for nine awards, including Record, Song and Album of the Year. Queen B has won 28 Grammy awards, making her the most decorated Grammy-winning performance artist of all time. Earlier this week, she announced that she would embark on the “Renaissance World Tour” in support of her 2022 album of the same name. Eight-time Grammy winner Adele is up for seven more awards on Sunday night. The “Easy on Me” vocalist is in the midst of her “Weekends With Adele” Las Vegas residency and shot down rumors that she would attend the Grammys on Sunday but, hopefully, she’ll have a change of heart. That would be the first time she and Sam Smith would be in the same room, which would finally debunk the theory that the two singers are actually the same person.