Here comes the snide. Olivia Attwood, a British TV personality and model, is going viral on TikTok for sharing on a podcast that she doesn’t think children belong at weddings — and some people are outraged. The TikTok tease, a sneak peek of her Thursday appearance on the Private Parts podcast, received over 953,000 views since it was posted by host Jamie Laing. “The kids at wedding thing, for me, is absolutely unacceptable,” Attwood explained in the 34-second video. “Even if I had my own children, I wouldn’t invite them.” The former “Love Island” star confessed that even though she doesn’t have a baby of her own, so she doesn’t necessarily understand that kind of “love,” she’s still not a fan of kids attending weddings. “When I see, like, the bride with like, this little thing hanging off her dress, it’s little grubby hands, I’m like, what the f—?” Attwood exclaimed. “You’re in a Vera Wang silk dress, you put your little grubby chicken finger hands all over it? No way.” She also compared children making noises during the vows as sounds out of “Jurassic Park.” “I’d be like, shut the f— up,” she joked. Attwood is engaged to soccer player Bradley Dack, but she has canceled her own wedding twice, according to The Daily Mail. Many TikTok users slammed Attwood’s firm stance in the comments, with some people in disbelief she wouldn’t want to have little ones present for the big day. “This is very harsh!” one person declared. “I’m not having kids I’m having my own 2 boys but they will be hanging off me it’s my children.” Another agreed, writing, “Wait until they have children themselves it will be hilarious [and] change how they think,” along with a string of crying-laughing emojis. “Because that’s all a wedding is about, an expensive dress not being surrounded by the most important people in your life ,” a viewer deadpanned. Someone else shared, “You’re right. You don’t have children so you couldn’t possibly understand  . I’m waiting for all of my children before we have a wedding.” But other users agreed with her, including some parents who admitted going to a wedding with their child just wasn’t as enjoyable. “I have a kid,” someone revealed in the comments section. “I haven’t enjoyed wedding when I’ve had to take him. Doesn’t mean I don’t love him.” “I’m a mum and agree,” another affirmed. “Hire a Nanny and get a hotel room at the venue best money spent.” One mother even divulged, “I have three kids! I don’t want to bring them to a wedding!! I want to have fun.” Attwood isn’t the only one who doesn’t think kids are such great wedding guests — last year, a Reddit user claimed he asked his brother and sister-in-law not to bring their baby to his child-free wedding — and used flash cards to explain his rationale. In 2017, a UK bride reportedly banned children from her nuptials because she didn’t want to “hear crying” in the background of her wedding video.