It looks like viral LSU gymnast Olivia Dunne’s fans are finally obeying her message. The social media star issued a stern warning to supporters following chaotic scenes after a recent gymnastics meet and plead for a more “respectful” environment. During Friday’s meet against Georgia at the Maravich Center in Baton Rouge, Dunne’s fans appeared to be on their best behavior as they cheered for the New Jersey native, who has been sidelined with a torn labrum. In videos circulating on social media following Dunne’s desperate plea, a group of teen boys could be seen politely asking the star for a photo outside the venue of Friday’s meet. “Be respectful,” one teen can be heard telling his friend in the clip, before going up to the gymnast and requesting a photo op. A woman, who seemingly chaperoned, was heard telling fans to “stop screaming” as they swarmed the star in the parking lot. Dunne, who is a junior on a four-year athletic scholarship at LSU, appeared to beef up her security as she was accompanied by a bodyguard in case things escalated. After taking a group snap with the athlete, Dunne’s fans appeared to swiftly walk away from the star. It’s a complete reversal of the wild scenes she faced after the Tigers’ season opener where a large group of teens held signs requesting photos and aggressively demanded to see Dunne. The crowd sparked a police presence and reporters at the event described the scene as “scary and disturbing.” Following the meet, Dunne addressed the behavior from fans in a tweet, asking supporters to “be respectful of the other gymnasts and the gymnastics community.” Last month, Dunne appeared on “The Today Show,” where she discussed her seven-figure income from brand deals and NIL, as well as the massive fan presence at the Tigers’ season-opener against Utah in Salt Lake City. The athlete, who boasts millions of social media followers, revealed that LSU implemented new security measures and that a security guard travels with the team. Her success on the mat landed her at the top of On3 Sports’ list of female NIL moneymakers, valuing athletes by performance, influence, and exposure, which estimated her value at $2.3 million in October. The Tigers are set to take on Auburn on Feb. 10 at Neville Arena in Alabama.