CNN’s recent embrace of Republican guests is a sign the embattled network is “making real progress” in its effort to lure back viewers with a refreshed image, according to WarnerBros. Discovery boss David Zaslav. Zaslav highlighted CNN’s centrist push during the parent company’s earnings call — while making no mention of recent turmoil at the network over “CNN This Morning” anchor Don Lemon’s sexist remarks. “We are already seeing a more inclusive range of voices and viewpoints, as demonstrated last month, when over 70 Republicans came on our air during their congressional speaker election process, a first in a very long time, and we intend to continue advancing on this balanced strategy,” Zaslav told analysts Thursday. “We must get it right. Nowhere is this more important, in my view, and it isn’t going to happen overnight, and I believe we are on the right path,” Zaslav added. Zaslav and CNN president Chris Licht have made sweeping changes at the network over the last year — including an overhaul of its programming lineup, the troubled relaunch of its morning show, the firing of longtime anchor Brian Stelter and a round of layoffs. Zaslav reiterated his support for Licht during the call. “Chris Licht and the team are focused on building an asset for the long term across cable and digital that is worthy of that great global brand,” he said. Under Licht’s direction, CNN recently added a segment from HBO’s “Real Time with Bill Maher” to its primetime lineup on Friday nights. The network has also reportedly approached NBA legend Charles Barkley about a potential hosting gig. So far, the overhauled “CNN This Morning” has failed to resonate with viewers. As The Post reported, turmoil has engulfed the show, with Lemon clashing with co-anchors Kaitlin Collins and Poppy Harlow. Lemon was forced to apologize after triggering an uproar by declaring last week that 51-year-old GOP presidential candidate Nikki Haley “isn’t in her prime.” He returned to “CNN This Morning” this week after a three-day absence. Ironically, “CNN This Morning” saw a 5% bump in viewership on the days Lemon missed.