She had no clue about the bun in the oven. One woman on TikTok revealed that she didn’t know she was pregnant for six and a half month — and had gotten two birth control shots during her first and second trimesters. Myley, who goes by the username @myleyjay on the social media app, told the story in a viral video that has already reached over 899,000 views. In the clip, Myley began by explaining that she knew her story sounded “insane”– she had heard similar tales about people not knowing they were pregnant, and wondered how people could be “that dumb.” She was getting birth control shots every three months, and didn’t think that pregnancy was a possibility. “My periods started getting really spaced out, then my period went away completely.” she began. “Totally normal for this birth control.” Myley continued, explaining that she believed that birth control was “fool proof.” The mom also admitted that she was showing, but she had just recovered from an eating disorder, so she chalked the weight gain up to that. However, things took a turn when she began having some more severe symptoms. “Months went by, and I started getting turned away from donating blood plasma,” she said. “My iron levels were suddenly super low. I was also waking up in the night with insane leg cramps.” Myley then explaining that she asked her mom to make her a doctor’s appointment so she could get checked out. Her mom told her those symptoms were the same ones that she had when she was pregnant, and asked her daughter to take a pregnancy test, which came back positive. “I was actually due for my next birth control shot, so I went to Planned Parenthood and asked for my shot, but if they could quickly do a little pregnancy test first.” Of course, that test came back positive as well, and when she went to the obstetrician’s office for an ultrasound, it revealed that she was 28 weeks along. The Post reached out to the TikTok creator for comment. Thankfully Myley gave birth to a healthy baby, and now has three kids with her husband Tre. They make videos and content about their family online. However, it seems like her experience may not actually be that uncommon–in the comments section of her video, many users admitted that they shared a similar story. “I found out I was pregnant 3 days after my husband passed away and my daughter was born a week later!” one viewer claimed. “It was insane.” Another agreed, writing, “I had the implant in my arm and got preggers! Thought I had an ulcer again, but nope! Morning sickness in the 2nd trimester!” “Didn’t know I was pregnant till I gave birth on my bathroom floor!” one person cautioned. “Shock of the century for me I swearrrr .” Someone else chimed in, “Didn’t know I was pregnant with my 3rd until I was 7 months along.” The birth control shot, or Depo-Provera, is 99.8% effective at preventing pregnancy, according to WebMD, but it’s important to make sure you’re getting your shots every three months. In a follow-up video, Myley spoke further about her experience, claiming that the clinic where she was getting the birth control shots did not give her a pregnancy test before the injection. She also said she didn’t feel kicks–or, at least, not to her knowledge–she likened the feeling to having “gas bubbles,” and was only sick once in her first trimester.