There is a special “sisterhood” among the significant others of professional athletes, and as the partners of Eagles and Chiefs players make their way to Arizona for Super Bowl 2023, Katya Suh is savoring this unique ride with her peers. “We’re all kind of going through this version of life together,” Katya, the wife of Eagles defensive tackle Ndamukong Suh, recently told The Post. “Whether you’re a rookie coming in, there’s women in front of you who have done it before you. Or if you’re a vet, there are other vets as well, and you can help and kind of show people the way, whether it’s going to a Super Bowl or traveling or doing things together, it’s really nice, it’s like a sisterhood, a support system.” Suh, the second overall pick by the Lions in the 2010 NFL Draft, is readying for his third Super Bowl appearance. He previously competed for the Rams in Super Bowl 2019, when Los Angeles fell to the New England Patriots, and won his first championship in 2021 as a member of the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, where he was teammates with the newly retired Tom Brady. The 36-year-old Suh signed a one-year contract with Philadelphia in November and hopes to capture his second ring with the Eagles, an organization he and Katya — who have been married since 2020 — have long admired. “When we decided to come to Philly, we knew it was such a great team and Philly has always been a place that he’s wanted to come and play and be a part of, and for me, I love the city of Philly, and I really have appreciated the fans of Philly as well,” Katya said. A former Division I college basketball player at Nebraska, Katya appreciates the passion of the Eagles’ fan base, noting their love for the game mirrors that of the Cornhuskers’ supporters. “Being a former Husker at Nebraska, the fans are really dedicated to the team and really expect excellence and so, I like that from Philly, they want their team to win, they are invested,” she said. “And now, to be able to go to the Super Bowl with such great fans and such great people, it doesn’t get much better. We’ve had all great fans throughout the other seasons, but this is a really fun one.” This Super Bowl experience is especially meaningful for Suh and Katya, as their 1-year-old twin sons, Kingston and Khari, will be able to see their dad in action. “Last time [Super Bowl 2021] they were in my belly, so now it’s nice they’ll be able to see dad play in such an important game and hopefully come out with that ring,” said Katya, who welcomed the couple’s sons in March 2021. Though Katya is still deciding on her outfit for the big game — “I’m a huge sneakerhead, so the first thing for me was what shoes am I going to wear” — the Kicks & Cocktails curator, who regularly shares sneaker-inspired cocktails on Instagram, is looking forward to spending time in Arizona with her family and the NFL community she holds dear. “We all have the same goal, which is to help and support our men and to get to where we are now, which is the Super Bowl,” she said. “This is not only a reward for the players, but it also is for those of us who have been helping support throughout the whole season to reach this goal and hopefully fully accomplish it.” Super Bowl 2023 between the Eagles and Chiefs gets underway Sunday at 6:30 p.m. ET in Glendale, Ariz.