The babyfaced Florida teen facing trial over the brutal 2021 slaying of a 13-year-old cheerleader boasted about the murder to fellow inmates, according to reports. Aiden Fucci, now 16, is accused of stabbing classmate Tristyn Bailey 114 times on Mother’s Day in Durbin Crossing near Jacksonville. According to jail incident reports, Fucci has been a menace while awaiting trial, fighting with other inmates, threatening guards and bragging about the horrific murder to bolster his reputation behind bars. “He says he real, he stabs a b—h face-to-face and take they life,” one inmate told corrections staffers. “It’s like he get high off it or something.” The documents were first reported by First Coast News. He allegedly told other prisoners their lesser crimes could not measure up to the sheer brutality of his deed. The Florida teen also threatened other inmates with violence if they didn’t hand over items from their commissary, staffers reported. When corrections officers retrieved the goods from his cell, Fucci threatened to murder them, according to the reports. His frequent outbursts and threats of violence have led to long stays in isolation cells, a measure his lawyers have objected to as excessive. Although still a juvenile, Fucci is being tried as an adult over a crime that shocked his normally tranquil suburban neighborhood. Bailey was found dead in a wooded area next to a pond near her home — but officials said she put up a fight against her murderer’s frenzy, suffering 49 defensive wounds to her hands. The accused teen killer allegedly planned the slaying and even told friends he killed Bailey just a half-mile from her home out of jealousy. They met at his home prior to the slaying. Local law enforcment officials who initially investigated the crime called it one of the grisliest killings they’d ever seen. Fucci’s mother, Crystal Smith, was also hit with evidence tampering charges for scrubbing out blood from her son’s jeans after the slaying. Jury selection in the case is slated to begin next week in St. John’s County. Fucci faces a maximum sentence of life in prison if convicted. He is ineligible for the death penalty because he was a minor at the time of the offense.