Tom Brady’s family is worried about how the retired quarterback will navigate life after football. Speaking recently to The Atlantic, Tom Brady Sr. remarked how his son — who hung up his cleats “for good” earlier this month after 23 seasons — “is going to have a huge void in his life.” “… Nothing will ever replace the joy Tommy had playing in football games, hanging with teammates, and joshing around in the locker room,” the elder Brady said. “Somehow he’s going to have to find a substitute for that, just like every other guy has.” The 45-year-old Brady — whose football legacy includes a relentless work ethic and unique obsession with the game — called it a career after seven Super Bowl wins, five Super Bowl MVPs and three NFL MVPs. Those close to Brady, described as “protective,” have “always worried about how he would cope without the structure, mission, and intensity of football,” according to The Atlantic. In December, Hall of Fame wide receiver Cris Carter appeared on FanDuel TV’s “Up & Adams,” and recalled a conversation he had with Tom Sr. prior to Brady winning his seventh Super Bowl title with the Buccaneers in February 2021. Carter said the elder Brady told him that he feared his son wouldn’t stop playing even if he is winning. “The night before the game, I happen to meet up with Tom Brady’s dad and asked him what he thought about the game, the opportunity to win again,” Carter said. “He said the only thing he’s worried about is the kid, the kid won’t go home. He said ‘the kid is outside still playing, and he won’t come in. It’s raining, everything.’ He said, ‘I am only afraid the kid won’t stop playing even if he wins.’” Brady, himself, has expressed fear for what lies ahead in his post-playing career. During a May 2021 appearance on Hodinkee Radio, a wristwatch outlet he’s invested in, Brady said he was “a little fearful of [football] ending,” but felt optimistic about the future. “I think there’s a lot of time and energy still focused on being a great quarterback, that when that’s done, although I’m a little fearful of it ending, I am open to the belief that there will be a lot of opportunities for me to do things that I haven’t had a chance to do that I really think I can help a lot of people,” Brady said at time. Now that he’s retired, Brady said he plans to spend time with family, including his kids: daughter Vivian, 10, and sons Benjamin, 13, and Jack, 15. Brady co-parents Vivian and Benjamin with his ex-wife, supermodel Gisele Bündchen. The exes announced their divorce in October, sharing that they finalized their separation after 13 years of marriage. Brady shares Jack with his ex, actress Bridget Moynahan. Following his divorce, Brady rented a luxury apartment — worth a reported $70,000 a month — in the exclusive Surfside area in Miami-Dade county, according to Page Six. The outlet added that Brady is not yet back in the dating scene. “No, he isn’t formally dating anyone right now,” an insider told Page Six. “His friends want to set him up, but he’s all about the kids.” Brady said he plans to join Fox Sports as their lead NFL game analyst in 2024, after signing a monster $375 million contract in May. He’s also busy with a number of business ventures, including his BRADY apparel brand and his production company, 199 Productions.