The party of the year is officially underway. Katy Perry’s ongoing Las Vegas residency “Play” picked back up for the first time since last year on Friday, Feb. 17 at Resorts World Theatre and based on what we’ve seen on Instagram, the five-part show complete with an encore seems to be as theatrical, kitschy, camp, cartoonish and glitzy as ever. Plus, it looks like the infamous Left Shark made infamous by Perry’s 2015 Super Bowl halftime show performance makes an appearance too. Surprisingly though, you won’t need to be a high roller to get in the door to this visually spectacular concert. At the time of publication, we found tickets going for as low as $62 before fees on Vivid Seats. Not a bad price considering you’ll get to hear hits like “I Kissed A Girl,” “California Gurls,” “Hot N Cold,” “Firework” and “Dark Horse” which has been streamed over a billion times on Spotify. That’s not to mention “Teenage Dream,” “Roar” and “Swish Swish.” And we’re still just getting started. Want to “Play?” Here’s everything you need to know about Perry’s Las Vegas residency at Resorts World Theatre. All prices are subject to fluctuation.  A complete calendar including all upcoming ‘Play’ dates, at Resorts World Theatre, show start times and links to the cheapest tickets available can be found below. (Note: The New York Post confirmed all above prices at the publication time. All prices are subject to fluctuation and include additional fees at checkout.) Vivid Seats is a verified secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand. They offer a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and your tickets will be delivered prior to the event.  Although Perry hasn’t released any new music since the 2022 single “Where We Started” with Thomas Rhett, she has plans to put out a new album in the near future. “I’ll probably go and make another record soon and write it and tour the world after this, which will be so great,” Perry shared on The Drew Barrymore Show in September 2022. You can watch the entire eight-minute interview here.  Perry, 38, is one of music’s most free-spirited creators meaning she won’t always stick to the script. However, if you want an idea of what she’ll likely perform during the five-part ‘Play,’ here’s a look at her 20-song set list from her Feb. 18 show courtesy of Set List FM. Act 1: Henry the Horror 01. ) “E.T.”02.) “Chained to the Rhythm”03.) “Dark Horse”04.) “Not the End of the World”Act 2: Flushed 05.) “California Gurls”06.) “Hot n Cold / Last Friday Night (T.G.I.F.)”07.) “Waking Up in Vegas”Act 3: Eat Me 08.) “Bon appétit”09.) “Daisies”10.) “I Kissed a Girl”Act 4: Trashun 11.) “Lost”12.) “Part of Me / Wide Awake”13.) “Never Really Over”14.) “Swish Swish”15.) “When I’m Gone / Walking on Air”Act 5: Perry Playland 16.) “Teenage Dream”17.) “Smile”18.) “Roar” Encore 19.) “The Greatest Love of All” (George Benson cover)20.) “Firework” Want to see what Perry’s played at all of her shows including her first few gigs way back in 2008? Check out her complete Set List FM profile for a full deep dive.  The show that spawned the careers of Kelly Clarkson, Ruben Studdard, Clay Aiken, Carrie Underwood and Scotty McCreery is officially back for its 21st season on ABC. This season, Perry will serve as the show’s judge alongside fellow music legends Lionel Richie and Luke Bryan. You can watch highlights from the season debut here.  Many of the biggest names in music are taking their hits on the road this year. Here are just five of our favorite stars you won’t want to miss when they come to a venue near you. • Taylor Swift • Beyoncé • Madonna • Pink • Janet Jackson Searching for more music? Check out our list of the 52 biggest stars on tour in 2023 here.