Utility man and defending MLB batting champ Jeff McNeil, who re-signed with the Mets this offseason, takes a swing at some spring training Q&A with Post columnist Steve Serby. Q: What advice would you give Little Leaguers who one day aspire to be a batting champion? A: Put the ball in play, I think it starts there. When you’re not striking out a lot, you’re gonna give yourself a chance. … Go up to the plate every single time with confidence. As soon as you lack confidence up there, or think you don’t belong against who you’re playing, I think you’re already defeated, and that makes it really tough to hit. So no matter what level you’re at, go up to the plate with confidence, know you’re a good hitter, and put that ball in play. Q: Was there ever a time your confidence was either shaken or lower than it is now? A: Yeah, I think in 2021 when I was having that tough year, I wasn’t really sure what was going on, it was kind of a, I guess, draining year. I wasn’t myself. I don’t think I was going to the plate too confident. And in my head I think somewhat felt overmatched, and that’s never been the kind of person I’ve been at the plate. I’ve always gone up there thinking I’m one of the best to play the game right now. Q: Did your wife, Tatiana, help you through that period? A: She always tells me how good I am. I’m really tough on myself sometimes. … She tells me every single day after a bad game, “You’re great, you’re gonna go out tomorrow and succeed.” Q: What can Jeff McNeil do for an encore this season? A: I hope the same thing. The goal for me every single year is to hit .300. I think if I can hit. 300, that’s me doing my job on this team. Obviously, I hope it’s higher and gets me another batting title, but my goal year in and year out is hit. 300, be a table-setter for this team and get on base for guys like Pete [Alonso], [Francisco] Lindor, all those guys to drive me in. Q: Do you think your new four-year, $50 million extension puts more or less pressure on you? A: I think the fans in that aspect, they expect more of you, I would say, so that’s where there might be a little bit more pressure. But at the same time, I feel a whole lot less pressure because I know I’m taken care of, and I know I can just go out there every single day and be my best self. I know I’m a good player. I don’t have to take the bad at-bats and the bad games quite as hard just because I know I’m gonna be OK financially, and I think that’s gonna help me out because I can focus on the next day and go in each and every day and just try to be my best self. So it’s gonna take a little bit of pressure off, but nothing’s gonna change with my play and how I go about the game each and every day. Q: Describe the requirements that enable a batting champion to be a batting champion. Let’s start with hand-eye coordination. A: I would say hand-eye coordination is huge. Being able to put the ball in play, like I said earlier. Barrel awareness, kind of having a plan when you go to the plate, what you’re trying to do with the ball, they shifted me a lot this last year, so there were tons of hits on the left side of the infield. Having that barrel awareness and bat control to get the ball the other way, and just take your single. Q: Video study? A: I do not do a lot of that. That’s kind of one of those things that I think I did a lot of in 2021 was watch a lot of video, and I feel like I like to know what the pitcher has, but I don’t like to watch too much video on him because stuff looks nasty on TV and then you kind of get in your head, you’re like, “How do you hit that pitch?” I like to go to the plate kind of know what the pitcher has and let my eyes do what they’re supposed to. I think it just helps me be a lot more confident up there. Q: A consistent swing? A: Yeah, that’s huge. Your swing should be repeatable. I think in 2021 I was kind of tinkering too much with my swing, and I think that led to kind of a down year. This last year, I went to spring training, wanted to have the same swing for the most part throughout the year, make very minor adjustments. I think that was a big part for me this year was not tinkering too much and just sticking with it all year. Q: Luck? A: 100 percent (laugh). You need some luck for some hits to fall in. But at the same time, some of those bloopers that fall in are a product of having a good bat path. Yeah, you might not hit it hard, but your swing is good and it’s on plane, you just catch it a little bit off the end or a little bit off the handle and it just happens to fall in. Yeah, luck is a little bit involved. Q: What are your thoughts on the shift, and it getting banned? A: I didn’t like it. I was able to go the other way and take my single or take my hit when I needed. But at the same time, I think I am a natural pull hitter. When the defense is playing me straight up, I can just go out there and have a good approach. I think it somewhat hurts me because I am able to go the other way, but it also helps at the same time ’cause now I can just be my natural self and focus on staying up the middle, hitting the ball where it’s pitched. I think it’ll help me a little bit, especially driving balls a little bit more. … When they’re shifting me, and I’m going the other way, I’m not gonna hit for a lot of power, but when they’re not shifting me and I can just go hit, I think that’s kind of when my power comes into play because I am able to pull the ball. Q: What drives you now? A: I want to be great. I’m that kind of fiery person who always wants to succeed. I’ve always kind of been overlooked a little bit in my career, all the way, starting in college and going up through the minor leagues. I always want to be great so I can be seen and people know who I am. Q: Do you think the best is yet to come? A: I think there’s gonna be plenty more to come. Hopefully another batting title … continue to do what I did last year and build off that. Q: How hungry is this Mets team, and what was the feeling like after losing in the playoffs to the Padres? A: I think everyone took last year as a positive. It was something we can build on. It was tough losing to the Padres, but now everyone knows what the postseason is like and we got a taste of it, and now we just want to be better, we want to go farther and we want to win a World Series for the city of New York. So we know what to expect and are gonna build on it. Q: Is this a World Series-or-bust season? A: Yeah, I think so. I know what the team is capable of, and the people we brought in. We all want to win. Everyone in that locker room has that mindset. We need to go out there and perform. I think the main thing is to stay healthy out there all year. Yeah, this team is definitely capable of winning a World Series. Q: How do you see the NL East? A: I think it’s the best division in baseball pretty easily. It’s gonna be a battle, but we’re definitely looking forward to it. Q: How do you explain your bond with Pete Alonso? A: I think we get each other. He gets when I get mad, and I think he knows how to cheer me up and make me laugh and basically tell me “everything’s gonna be just fine, you’re a good player.” We just support each other. It’s a great relationship, good friendship. Never a dull moment with him. … I love playing with him, I think he’s got that perfect personality for New York as well. Q: So that fire that you have, that drive to be great can be a blessing and a curse for you, right? A: Yeah, 100 percent. I take bad games extremely hard, because it’s because I want to do so well, and I think it drives me to go in the next day, focus, work on something, and not let it happen again. I hate feeling down after games, but at the same time, it drives me and makes me want to be better. Q: Why is Buck Showalter the perfect manager for you? A: I think he understands me. He learns who his players are. He gets to know his players extremely well. There were a few times last year I was struggling for a few days, and he called me in his office, asked me how I’m doing, and we would talk golf for 20 minutes. He understood I like golf, and it was something to kind of take my mind away from what’s been going on on the field. He’d say, “That’s all I got for you, go out and kill today.” He understands his players, and he just makes it a fun atmosphere to play for, and he trusts his players as well. If I have something for him, he listens, and we kind of bounce ideas off each other. I definitely love playing for him. Q: How many wins a year is he worth in the dugout? A: He does a lot for the chemistry of the team. That does contribute to a lot of wins. I don’t think I can put an exact number on it, but he makes it fun to go to the ballpark, and ultimately that leads to better play. Q: For Mets fans, how would you describe Steve Cohen? A: Great owner. He is very personable. I feel like I can pick up the phone any time and give him a call, he’ll answer and listen to what I have to say. It’s been fantastic having him. He really wants to win. Obviously with all the money and players he’s bringing in, he really cares about this team, and wants to win a World Series. Q: What amazes or impresses you most about Justin Verlander? A: What I thought was amazing last year was coming off a TJ (Tommy John surgery) and winning a Cy Young at 39 years old. Just shows, I guess, the kind of person he is. I’m looking forward to getting to know him a little bit better and playing behind him this year. Q: How often have you faced him? A: I faced him two at-bats last year. I think I had one at-bat off him, I think it was like 12 pitches or something, it was a really good at-bat and then he threw me a really good changeup, I struck out, and then I think I grounded out to second. Pretty incredible fastball he had, I remember the life it had. … I don’t swing and miss at a lot of fastballs in the zone, I think I swung at a few and missed ’em. Just a smart pitcher as well. Q: What is Max Scherzer like in the dugout? A: On games he is starting, I’ll talk to him a little bit, kind of when he gets to the ballpark I’ll talk to him, say, “Hey, you want me anywhere specific?” and he’ll tell me. And then I kind of leave him alone the rest of the day, and same thing in the dugout when he’s pitching. Kind of avoid him, let him do his thing. When he’s not pitching, super fun, outgoing, real easy to talk to. I love having him around, he’s got good stories, fun to talk to, and great baseball mind. Q: What do you think of having Scherzer and Verlander at the top of the rotation? A: That’s a pretty special 1-2. I’d say it’s the best in the game right now. It’s gonna be fun to watch them. We had Jake [deGrom] last year, and obviously that is tough losing him, but just to be replaced by Justin Verlander is pretty amazing. I expect a lot of wins from them this year. Q: What’s it like when Edwin Diaz struts in for the ninth inning? A: It’s pretty fun. The trumpets’ll get you going. It’s pretty incredible to see Citi Field like that. I don’t know if this’ll ever get done, but imagine Edwin Diaz coming in with the trumpets and the lights kind of flashing, they have the new LED lights, I think that would be a pretty special atmosphere. But the fans are loud when he comes in, and it’s just as good. Q: Who smiles more, Lindor or Brandon Nimmo? A: That’s a tough question. They’re both incredibly happy people. Lindor’s got that Mr. Smile nickname, so I think I gotta give it to Lindor, but Nimmo is definitely not far behind. Just two great personalities that I’m glad we have. Q: Early observations on Kodai Senga? A: People who I’ve talked to about him say he’s nasty. I know he’s got a pretty good fastball and really good splitter. I’m looking forward to seeing what he has, never seen him pitch, so it’ll be fun having him out there this year. Q: Brett Baty? A: I think Baty’s an extremely good hitter. I was actually really impressed last year when he came up. I think his first AB, he hit a 2-0 or 2-1 curveball over the fence, that’s tough to do in the big leagues, that’s not something a young hitter does. Usually a 2-0, 2-1 count, you’re looking for a fastball down the middle and you’re coming out of your shoes and he was able to stay on a breaking ball and hit it over the fence. And then I think I remember another AB later in the game, he hit a bullet about 113 [mph] up the middle. He’s really impressed as a hitter, he’s mature for his age. He’s gonna be special for this team. Q: Francisco Alvarez? A: That guy can hit a baseball really far. His batting practice is really impressive. Watching him in spring training last year, he hit some homers that were massive and then when he got called up at the end of the year last year, that home run he hit was pretty incredible. Really good hitter, really young, and he is gonna do some great things for this team as well. Q: Your thoughts on Patrick Mahomes? A: He’s a great talent, kind of does it all. He’s fun to watch. Q: Your thoughts on Damar Hamlin? A: That was obviously extremely tough to watch and everything, but pretty incredible with what the trainers did, and all the support he had behind him. To be able to pull through is pretty special. It’s something you never want to see, but he’s healthy now, and that’s all that matters. Q: Does Tiger Woods have a shot to win the Masters? A: I think he does. I think the Masters tournament is his best chance of winning a major. He always plays well at Augusta. With his short game, anything can happen. Q: Describe your 7-month-old son Lucas. A: Super-happy all the time. Smiley. His favorite thing is to jump in a jumper, he loves that. Q: Have you put a golf club in his hands yet? A: Kind of. He’s got a putter that came from the Masters that one of my buddies from back home got him. He’s got a little Masters caddie jumpsuit and he’s got a little putter. He holds it, we take his monthly pictures with that club, so he’s starting to be able to hold it a little bit. Q: How would you describe fatherhood? A: Tough, crazy, fun. A lot of somewhat sleepless nights. He’s starting to be able to get through the night, so that’s been nice on me and my wife. It’s been fun watching him grow and start to get his personality. Q: How does he get along with your pets, dog Willow and cat Mac? A: He loves Willow and Mac. He will try to get Willow to do some fun things, he’ll get Willow riled up, and he’ll be watching her and just start laughing. We play with Willow, and he gets a kick out of it. Q: Describe your wife. A: Perfect. Amazing. Great mother. She’s been the best. Q: What are you most proud of about Jeff McNeil from Nipomo, Calif., two-time All-Star with the New York Mets? A: I’m proud of kind of where I came from. I was never a big-time prospect or anything like that. I don’t think anybody had huge expectations for me. I’m proud of my career so far. I know it’s not done. I’m also proud of helping my community back home, it’s something I take pride in. I grew up in Santa Barbara, but moved up to Nipomo area, so I try to be a role model for people in that area and be someone they can look up to. Q: Did you ever think you would adapt this well to New York? A: I think they did a really good job of kind of preparing us in the minor leagues for what New York is gonna be like. I was ready for it. I was, I think, taught well back in my college baseball days kind of the mental side, and being in the moment. I think that’s really helped me adapt to New York and play in that type atmosphere day in and day out. Q: What is it like for you representing New York? A: It’s awesome. It’s one of the best cities in the world, so to be able to play baseball for a great organization like the Mets, it’s been really exciting, and we got such a great fan base, so to be out on that field each night is pretty amazing. Q: What would you hope or want Mets fans to say about you? A: That I play the game the right way, I play hard, I care, I’m a good teammate … just giving my all for the city of New York. Q: Are you recognized around New York? A: Yeah, a little bit. I’ll be walking around and people will say, “What’s up Jeff?” and say hi, which is pretty cool. I think I get recognized more in New York than I do in my hometown, which is pretty crazy to say. Q: Can you imagine what this city would be like if the Mets won a World Series? A: It would be pretty incredible. I know this fan base has been waiting for a World Series for quite a while, since 1986, so we need to perform for them and give them what they want.