PORT ST. LUCIE — Justin Verlander isn’t sure where he’s supposed to be, but is encouraged about how he feels. After throwing live batting practice Sunday — his first session in camp in which hitters swung — the Mets co-ace said the fact he hasn’t had a normal spring training since 2019 has left him wondering if he is progressing correctly. Verlander underwent Tommy John surgery after the pandemic-shortened 2020 season that scrapped his ensuing spring training. Last year, spring training was condensed throughout MLB following the lockout. “I’ve asked my agent and old pitching coaches, ‘Hey where was I at this time?’ ” Verlander said. “I think I am where I need to be.” Verlander expects to pitch in his first Grapefruit League on Friday or Saturday. He’s been working in camp on refining his changeup, but as much as anything, he’s working on developing relationships in the clubhouse. The three-time Cy Young award winner, who arrived in the offseason on a two-year contract worth $86.7 million, compared it to changing schools. “This is my first time coming to a new team in spring training when everybody is just getting back together and the routine is a little bit different, everybody is just going about their business,” Verlander said. “It’s like [transferring to] a new high school. Everybody has got their cliques, they know each other and they are just getting to know you and I’m trying to get to know them. It’s fun. “The last few years I have really taken a vested interest in trying to get to know my teammates and communicate better, and just help guys as much as I possibly can. Taking that mindset into this is going to help … but spring training is difficult — we don’t have a lot of B.S. time like we do during the season.” Verlander said he would like to refine his changeup just to give him another pitch with his four-seam fastball, slider and curveball. Last season Verlander threw 63 changeups, according to Statcast. “I would like to get my other stuff sharp first, because I know what works and I feel [the changeup] is pretty close,” Verlander said. “I’ll start working it in.”