Blonds have more fun? These trendsetters beg to differ. Vibrant hair art is the new, viral solution to achieving out-of-the-box style without necessarily committing to a permanent rainbow hue. Colorful hair patterns — such as flowers, hearts and even tiger stripes — are the latest trend to overtake both the catwalk and TikTok. On the app, the topic search “hair painting” has garnered nearly 300 million views, where users show off their hand-painted hair dye finesse. Meanwhile, at Kim Shui’s New York Fashion Week show, models’ tresses were stamped with the iconic “K” emblem as they strutted down the runway in oversized space boots, luxe faux fur jackets and micro skirts. The presentation’s hair stylists Jaylin Youm and Paul Miller of Jax and Kin told Nylon that the “maximalist” ‘do, made with stencils, was intended to emulate “it-girl-with-a-credit-card and a zero f- -ks attitude.” In other words, a “woman that wants to stand out in every regard.” The collection was an “unabashed celebration of the female form” and self-expression, according to a statement obtained by The Post. In abandoning traditional style structure, by-the-book hairstyles fall to the wayside — and the internet is clearly on board. The bold hairstyle comes amidst a Y2K resurgence. First returned was the low-rise jean, then tramp stamps, flip phones and “bimbos” — now, culture-mongers have the hair to match. Celebrities have even joined in on the playful trend, like rapper Cardi B who debuted a cherry-red bandana-inspired wig last year. It’s reminiscent of the early 2000s, when Lil Kim flaunted a teal wig adorned with the Chanel logo on blunt bangs, or when the “How Many Licks” rapper rocked a blond unit with Versace Greek keys cascading down the sides and fringe. As commitment-phobes are hesitant to go all-in with permanent dye, creative beauty gurus online are getting resourceful with their toolbox — using temporary tattoos, extensions, paints, wigs and more to preserve their natural looks while still playing into the trend. Poppy Ella, a makeup artist and content creator based in London, posted a true hair painting tutorial to Instagram using liquid eyeshadows. In the caption of her video, which garnered more than 45,000 likes, she said, “They stay SO WELL,” but that “it’s going to be interesting washing this out.” Inspired by fellow creator Alfred Lewis III, who posted a snap sporting thermal-colored tresses, Poppy used the color cosmetics to get creative with her fringe, framing her face with the heat-inspired pattern. But some daredevils aren’t afraid to risk it all on their lush locks. One search for “#shavedheaddesigns” on TikTok, which has amassed more than 4 million views, will reveal an endless list of people with bleached buzzcuts and intricate, hand-painted hair dye jobs. Los Angeles stylist Jackie Bieber, who specializes in hair art and coined the term “buzzigns,” has carefully crafted ‘dos donned with floral patterns, leopard spots and skulls. “I see hair designs as an accessory to my client’s style,” she told Allure, adding that a “buzzed head” is a better canvas. “You can apply different strokes and pressure with your paintbrush, [that you couldn’t on long hair],” Bieber added — although her TikTok, having amassed more than 623,000 followers, proves she’s talented enough to do both. In one popular clip, she showed off words emblazoned with dye on a wig. In another with 1.7 million views, she boasted meticulously hand-drawn flames on a client’s head. “This is so awesome,” wrote one blown-away viewer underneath a clip of a vibrant, floral dye job that’s racked up 7.5 million views on Bieber’s page. “So creative,” applauded another. Meanwhile, not everyone was sold on the over-saturated appearance, with one characterizing the looks as cartoonish: “Why does it remind me of Bikini bottom & Patrick Star’s board shorts?”