You won’t break her soul — but Beyoncé has, indeed, broken Grammy award records. Ascending to her rightful place in music glory, Queen Bey, 41, has officially been crowned the winningest Grammy Award artist of all time. “I’m trying not to be too emotional,” said the lionized chanteuse upon accepting her laurels. “I want to thank God for protecting me. I’d like to thank my Uncle Johnny, who is not here, but here in spirit.” She went on to acknowledge her parents Tina and Mathew Knowles, husband Jay-Z, her children and the “queer community.” Unseating late classical conductor Georg Solti — who, since 1997, has held the record for taking home the most ever trophies with 31 wins — Beyoncé’s back-to-back victories in the Best Traditional R&B Performance, Best Dance/Electronic Recording, Best Song Written for Visual Media, Best R&B Song and Best Dance/Electric Record categories Sunday solidified her Grammys supremacy. The victories bring her total gramophone count from 28 to 32. The “Heated” harmonizer scored two Grammys at the non-televised awards ceremony, which was held before the live broadcast Sunday. During the telecast, EGOT winner Viola Davis, 57, announced that Bey’s trending hit “Cuff It” had received the honors of Best R&B Song. Beyonce, however, was not present to accept the awards. Instead, producer the Dream, 45, stood in the voluptuary’s proxy, claiming she was “stuck in traffic.” Midway through the ceremony, Beyonce and husband Jay-Z arrived at the event, where Noah handed her the award from her seat in the audience. Host Trevor Noah, 39, announced that the feat had tied Bey and Solti, with both achieving 31 wins. However, the sultry songstress finally outpaced the deceased conductor with her win in the “Best Dance/Electronic Music Album” category. In 2021, the Houston native became the performing artist with the most career Grammy wins ever. Her single “Black Parade” clinched the record-setting triumph in the Best R&B performance, earning Bey her 28th trophy. The feat tied her with legendary producer Quincy Jones, 89, who, too, has earned 28 accolades. Beyonce fans online are celebrating her win, respectfully dubbing her the “greatest of all time.”