New York Post readers can get their hands on up to $1,000 in Bonus Bets on BetMGM Sportsbook with bonus code NPBONUS. The new customer offer from BetMGM Sportsbook lets you place your first bet up to $1,000, and if it loses, you get that same amount back in bet credits. Follow the link below to learn more about BetMGM’s offer so you can use it for Tennessee vs. Kentucky men’s basketball this afternoon. This offer can be used for any sports market on BetMGM if you aren’t a huge college hoops fan. BetMGM Bonus code NPBONUS is a sweet deal because it allows new customers to get back up to $1,000 in bonus bets. If you sign up and make a $100 losing bet, you still get back $100 in bet credits with the bonus code. This works for any amount up to $1,000. BetMGM’s new customer offer is among the best out there and today’s Tennessee vs. Kentucky game is a pretty good first bet. Two SEC basketball powers meet in Lexington this afternoon when the Kentucky Wildcats host the No. 10 Tennessee Volunteers. Tennessee is favored by three points on BetMGM Sportsbook and I think that’s the right play even though the Volunteers are on the road. Tennessee has just been way more consistent than Kentucky throughout this season and is coming off a victory over No. 1 Alabama on Wednesday. It has generally been playing good basketball and the Vols will certainly want revenge after Kentucky beat them in January. Wildcats’ forward Oscar Tshiebwe averages a double-double and is the best player in this game, but Kentucky has struggled with consistent offense all season in spite of his efforts. Go with the better team and back Tennessee with BetMGM bonus code NPBONUS. New and existing players. Must be 21+. AZ, CO, DC, IA, IL, IN, KS, LA, MD, MI, NJ, TN, VA, PA, WV, WY only. Full T&C apply.. One of the easiest ways to get yourself a load of bet credits is through BetMGM’s very generous “refer a friend” scheme. BetMGM allows bettors to refer up to 20 friends, with both getting a $50 bonus. Your friend will need to make their first deposit and place their $50 bonus on any sport at odds of -200 or greater in order for you to claim your bonus. For Ohio: 21+ and present in OH. Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER.