Prince Harry and Meghan Markle are downplaying the “South Park” episode that mocked them, saying it was “baseless and boring,” according to their rep. The famously nonprivate couple, who put their past royal life on full display with Harry’s memoir “Spare,” was reportedly fuming after the Comedy Central episode aired, titled “The Worldwide Privacy Tour.” The duchess was said to be “upset and overwhelmed” by the show, which did not name the Sussexes specifically but featured characters that resembled them. Fictionalized for show The long-running animated satirical series mocked the “fictional” couple for begging for privacy while throwing themselves in the limelight, including one scene where they go on the talk show “Good Morning Canada” to promote the prince’s new book, “Waaagh.” They walk into their talk show studio appearance holding signs demanding privacy before discussing the autobiography. The host of the spoofed talk show asks the prince, “Isn’t it true, sir, that your questionable wife has her own TV show and hangs out with celebrities and does fashion magazines?” — referring to Markle’s time on the TV show “Suits.” Royal reporter Neil Sean told Fox News that the episode could even prompt legal action from Harry and Meghan, who’ve repeatedly fought the media for reporting on their lives. “Their legal team are casting an eye over the episode to see what is wrong, and what could be turned into something more sinister,” said Sean. “This appears to be their course of action rather than laughing it off, enjoying the moment and showing the world that they get the joke.” But a rep for the Sussexes, who now reside in California with their two children, said Tuesday that the couple does not plan to sue over the spoof. A source told the Spectator Markle was “annoyed by ‘South Park’ but refuses to watch it all,” a source told the Spectator. Royal commentator Kristen Meinzer told Newsweek she doubted the couple would sue a “satirical cartoon that famously ridicules everyone.” “If anything, they’ll know they’re in good company with other decent people who’ve been raked over the coals by the show,” Meinzer said. Additional reporting by Brooke Steinberg