A 5-year-old boy was rescued and his mother died after the two jumped 90 feet into the Niagara Gorge at Niagara Falls State Park on Tuesday, officials said. A Niagara Region parks spokeswoman identified the mother as Angela P. Berti, the Buffalo News reported. Emergency crews performed life-saving measures on Berti and her son but were unable to save her. Her body was flown by helicopter from the bottom of the gorge to the coroner’s office. “The investigation is ongoing, but we don’t believe it is an accident,” State Parks Police Capt. Chris Rola told reporters at a press conference Tuesday afternoon. Rola said that the woman and child had been at the park with the woman’s husband before the fall, but authorities are still investigating what may have caused the incident. The husband and other witnesses are being interviewed by police, he said. The mother and child fell 90 feet and landed on ice that had formed near the bottom of the gorge, Rola said. Niagara Falls firefighters had to daringly walk across the ice to reach the two. “Although today it’s nice out, it’s very icy down there. It’s real tough terrain that our guy and our girls were able to get through and get to them and provide that life-saving care and do everything they could. … We were going to make every effort for that child that was still alive at the time,” he added. The child, who suffered a head injury, was loaded onto a stretcher and brought up the Cave of the Winds elevator, where an emergency helicopter was waiting just after 2 p.m. He was taken to Oishei Children’s Hospital in Buffalo, according to WGRZ. His condition is unclear. The area around the Cave of the Winds — a popular tourist attraction close to Niagara Falls — was roped off by police during the rescue. “Niagara Falls is a tough place to perform rescues,” Rola said. “[State Park Police] have swift water rescue team we have high angle rope rescue guys that train all the time. Niagara Falls fire is great, and as you can see, the state police are a great partner with us and their aviation crews top notch.” If you are struggling with suicidal thoughts or are experiencing a mental health crisis and live in New York City, you can call 1-888-NYC-WELL for free and confidential crisis counseling. If you live outside the five boroughs, you can dial the 24/7 National Suicide Prevention hotline at 1-800-273-8255 or go to SuicidePreventionLifeline.org.