She’s mature beyond her years. One 22-year-old mom on TikTok has people thinking that she’s “aging in reverse,” after she showed off a picture of what she looked like at age 14 — appearing more like an “auntie” than a teenager. Jill, who is known as “Mama Jill” on the app under the username @jill200016, made a video this week to explain more about her struggle. The video has already reached over 3.7 million views on the social media platform. “I’m 22, but I always get these comments that I look like I’m 30,” she explained in the beginning of the video, replying to someone’s comment that she looked older than she is. She continued, “If y’all think I look old now, let me show you what I looked like at 14.” The clip then cut to a shot of Jill at age 14, when she had short, blonde hair and was wearing dangling earrings and a black-and-white striped dress. “I look like a middle-aged woman,” Jill admitted. She then showed off a picture of what she looked like now, appearing completely different with brown hair, glasses, and wearing high-waisted ripped jeans and a hot pink long-sleeve top. The Post reached out to Jill for comment. “Tell me I don’t look closer to 22 now,” she joked at the end of the 38-second clip. “Slowly but surely, I’m starting to look my age, okay? I became a mom at 16, so mentally, I’m like, 45. And I act like I’m 45, but I’m trying my hardest to look 22.” In the comments section of her video, many users could not believe their eyes–particularly over how she looked when she was 14 years old. “Oh. My. Gosh. Who’s auntie is this?!?! ” one person commented. Another agreed, writing, “You look like you could have been a mom on dance moms .” “YOURE AGING IN REVERSE ” someone else typed. One TikTok user even joked that it looked like she was close to “retirement” when she was just a teen. “Baby you was pushing retirement in that first picture,” they claimed. “No way,” another seconded. “You were Def someone’s mawmaw in that picture.” Perhaps Jill should take a note out of actress Julia Fox’s book — in November, the star took to TikTok claiming that, “Getting old is f—king hot.” She also added that it was “in” to age. “Just so you guys know, aging is fully in,” Fox said at the time. “Like, fully.”