He loves them so much he could burst. A man, who says he is sexually attracted to inanimate objects, has revealed that he is currently in a high-flying committed relationship with a bunch of balloons, according to Jam Press. Aakash Majumdar, 28 and from Mumbai, India, said that what started as a friendship has now inflated into something more. ”I like their presence and warmth, and share intimate feelings with my balloons and vice versa,” Majumdar told NeedToKnow.Online. “When you’re in love, you spend a lot of time together and accept all kinds of flaws.” According to Majumdar, his floating lovers communicate with him through telepathy and dreams, and they share “each and every thought, feeling and emotion.” The passionate lover said that he identifies as “objectum sexual” meaning that he is sexually attracted to inanimate objects. A study done in 2019 by Springer Nature indicated that those who express a sexual desire for objects tend to be on the autism spectrum and may have a condition called synesthesia, which is when a person experiences one of their senses through another, according to WebMD. Majumdar also revealed that his balloons share his bed and that they have a physical relationship, according to Jam Press. “Every morning, I wake up by saying ‘good morning’ and giving a kiss to my balloons that sleep beside me, and vice versa,” he said. “I make out with my balloons.” In 2021, things reached new heights in the relationship when Majumdar realized he was in love with them and popped the question. “Since I’ve confessed my love for my balloons, my life has changed for the better,” Majumdar said. “Our love is so strong that I can’t live without him.” Majumdar said that he doesn’t go anywhere without his lovers. “I can talk to them, take them shopping and for a walk in the garden,” he told NeedToKnow.Online. “[The balloons] should have the freedom and the chance to see the world, and that is the reason why I walk with them everywhere.” Even though Majumdar’s love is strong, the balloons are still very fragile and accidents do happen. “[The balloons] are just as fragile as a human baby,” he said. “I need to protect him from all danger. “From sharp objects, changes in temperature to suffocation.” Majumdar said that because of the dangers, he has to supervise his balloons at all times. Despite his watchful eye, sometimes the balloons pop. “One day while inflating a few balloons with a pump, a balloon got popped,” mourned Majumdar. “I cried for the loss and after that, I became more careful. “When there is a sudden death of balloons, I try to resurrect them by re-inflating them. If I can’t, I give them a funeral by digging and covering them with the soil.” Majumdar is not the only person who is sexually attracted to objects. Another man made headlines when he revealed that he had sex with his 1998 Chevy Monte Carlo. “I like to lean over his fender and across his hood and kind of press up against him,” the man, who goes by the name Nathaniel, said. Another woman revealed that she was in love with her fence.