They kneaded the dough. One mom found out that her son only tipped 10% on a bill while dining out — so she sent him back to the restaurant. Danielle Foster, who goes by the username @d.foster.president on TikTok, showed what happened in a viral video that has already reached more than 2.2 million views. She claimed that her son, Johnny, had gone on a first date but only tipped $10 on a check that totaled $104. At the beginning of the 46-second clip, the mom shows her son walking in the door, smiling, as she scolds him. “You need to go get my Visa card, ya need to go to the ATM, and you need to go grab a 20 and drive your ass back to that restaurant because on a $104 check, $10 is a s- -tty tip!” she yells at her son. “You understand me?” WARNING: GRAPHIC LANGUAGE Foster continued, telling her son, “Go now — I’m not asking, I’m telling,” as her son looked on, still smiling broadly. “It’s not funny. Do you know that guy might have kids? Do you know that $104 — he gets taxed on it? You are to go grab my credit card, get that $20, and drive it back there, yes ma’am!” The Post reached out to Foster for comment. At the end, she added that she wanted to see him walk into the restaurant and hand it to the waiter. “I raised him better than this,” she wrote in the caption of the TikTok post. In the comments section, some users praised the mama bear for sending her son back to the scene of the tipping crime. “Good job Mama!” one person commented. “I have talked to my kids in detail about how they better tip good when they start going out.” Another agreed, writing, “The Mother the world needed  11 years in the industry and we thank you!” “From a server …. THANK YOUUUU !!” one user typed. “People leave me $3 and expect that to pay my phone bill.” However, others called her out, with someone even claiming that she was “publicly shaming” her son. “Imagine publicly shaming your kid for likes because he left what is socially acceptable as a tip,” one viewer penned. “That’s actually sad that ir giving him crap for giving a good tip he’s a teenager and isn’t responsible for these people’s kids ,” a second viewer wrote, while one more criticized, “But why is he using mom’s money instead of his own?” In another video, Foster gave a follow-up on the story, revealing what happened after she sent Johnny back to the restaurant with the $20 bill. She explained that he had a $50 gift card to the restaurant and didn’t understand that he needed to tip on the gift card. She maintained that he was a good kid. She confirmed that he did indeed go back and give the waiter the new tip. “I’m proud of him, he went back and probably had to swallow his pride doing that, but he did it,” Foster explained. Foster also revealed that she was a server many years ago, which contributed to her passionate speech to her son. She admitted that she apologized to him for filming it all, but wanted to give parents another perspective. “I was just trying to give parents the other tip that even if you do talk to your kids about things, they don’t 100% understand,” she explained. “My kid didn’t realize that a gift card doesn’t mean that you don’t tip on top of it.”