Aaron Carter fans are outraged that the late teen sensation was not included in the 2023 Grammys in memoriam segment. Sheryl Crowe, Bonnie Raitt, Mick Fleetwood, Kacey Musgraves and Quavo all performed emotional tributes during Sunday night’s award show, which remembered members of the music community that died in the last year. Pictures of people like Lisa Marie Presley, Stephen ‘tWitch’ Boss, Christine McVie, David Crosby and Oliva Newton-John flashed across the giant screens, while Carter, who died on Nov. 5 at age 34 from what his family believes was a drug overdose, was noticeably absent. A rep for Carter’s brother, Backstreet Boys member Nick, told The Post in an email that the snub was “so sad.” Carter started performing at a young age, even opening for the Backstreet Boys on their 1997 tour. The Tampa, Fla. native rose to stardom in the late ’90s, selling millions of records with pop hits like “I’m All About You,” “I Want Candy,” and “Aaron’s Party (Come Get It).” The teen young heartthrob went on to sell 10 million albums worldwide. Carter struggled with drug and alcohol addiction, and though his music career had waned during a rough few years leading up to his death, fans on Twitter were beside themselves that Carter’s legacy was not honored at the Grammys. “Since the Grammys chose not include Aaron Carter’s picture while tributing the passed away singers,” one fan captioned alongside an image of the singer. “I’ll just post my own mini tribute because that’s so sad. Rest In Peace Aaron Carter.” “Genuinely don’t understand why Aaron Carter was left out of the in memoriam.. he completely changed the teen pop music game, broke so many records, and truly paved the way for so many young pop stars that followed him,” another wrote. Another slammed the Recording Academy: “#GRAMMYs You really did like a 10 minute #InMemoriam section and couldn’t include Aaron Carter? I know his death was problematic, but still! He’s a musician who died this year, you couldn’t have squeezed him in?” “Hey #GRAMMYs, f–k you for not including Aaron Carter in the memorium!!! That’s f–king disrespectful,” a fan declared. “Okay but the #Grammys leaving #Aaroncarter out of the tribute has me pissed! wtf!?!?” another said. The Post has contacted reps for the Grammys.