Getting liposuction and a BBL was a real pain in the butt for this Canadian TikToker. Influencer Adea, who posts under @adee.ah on TikTok, revealed her recovery struggles after reportedly undergoing liposuction and a Brazilian butt lift in one sitting five months ago — and, according to her, it felt like getting burned and bruised. “I just figured out a way to describe the pain of a BBL,” Adea says in a 49-second clip that has attracted 1.5 million views since it was posted last month. “You know when you hit yourself, and then the next day, you have, like, a bruise? And then someone touches it, or you touch it and it hurts? That’s how it feels all over your body.” She also compared the pain to being burned by a hot item. “You know when you’re cooking something, or you’re doing your hair, and then you burn yourself, really hot?” Adea continues in the video. “That same feeling, all over your body.” However, the TikToker noted it wasn’t her butt that hurt the most — it was actually the rest of her body — her arms, back, stomach, sides and inner thighs ached after she reportedly underwent liposuction on those areas. Adea said she got “360 lipo,” a fat-removal procedure that’s meant to target multiple body parts, including the abdomen, waist and lower back. In a standard BBL, a doctor injects fat from other areas of the body into the butt to make it appear bigger. Some people choose to get a BBL and liposuction at the same time because that means only one recovery period. “I’m five months post-op, so I don’t have anymore pain, although when I sit it is still a little sensitive, especially [sitting] for a long time,” Adea told The Post in an email Thursday. In the comments section of Adea’s video, viewers seconded the post-op “burning” feeling. “Sure the way I described it was ‘getting hit by a truck and getting set on fire immediately after,’ never had either happen to me but ,” one viewer empathized. Another shared, “Girl yes I’m 4 months post op and that’s exactly what I felt some days where it was liposuction it still hurts lol.” “After my BBL it felt like I did leg day for the first time ,” someone else revealed. “More muscle pain feeling for me.” Others applauded Adea for sharing her story. “Followed her just for the honesty !!!” a user exclaimed. A second user agreed, “I love that she’s honest.” In 2020 alone, more than 40,000 butt augmentations were performed in the United States, according to the Aesthetic Society, a group of board-certified aesthetic plastic surgeons. Liposuction was the top cosmetic procedure that year, according to the organization, with nearly 300,000 surgeries reported.