Disgraced Long Island Rep. George Santos is reportedly set on running for reelection in 2024 — even as outraged locals marched on his district office Wednesday again demanding his ouster over his lies. Fellow New York Rep. Richie Torres confirmed reports that “Santos is telling advisors that he wishes to serve a 2nd term, despite previously promising that he wouldn’t run for reelection.” “Do you think a pathological liar & lawbreaker like George Santos has any business being a lawmaker for even 1 term, let alone 2?” Torres also linked to a CNN article in which multiple Republican sources said Santos plans to stick it out and seek reelection even if indicted on criminal charges over his campaign finances. Santos, 34, seemed to signal as much in a tweet Tuesday, changing his tune from when he previously said he’d resign if enough of his voters called for it. “Let me be very clear, I’m not leaving, I’m not hiding and I am NOT backing down,” he wrote. “I will continue to work for #NY03 and no amount of Twitter trolling will stop me. I’m looking forward to getting what needs to be done, DONE!” On Wednesday, dozens of angered locals under the group “Concerned Citizens of NY-03” marched — again — on his office, handing in a petition calling on him to resign. Carrying a giant banner reading “George Santos lied to us,” the protesters marched on his Douglaston district office chanting, “Hey hey, ho ho, Santos has got to go.” However, Santos refused to talk to them in person outside his office, which still has the name of Santos’ Democratic predecessor Tom Suozzi on the awning. “We need him gone,” group organizer Jody Kass told CBS News New York later Wednesday. “We wanted to make sure that he knew that we were not going awaywe wanted to make sure there was no normalization of this imposter being a congressman.” Kass noted that Santos previously refused to speak to the group of constituents when around 50 of them spent around 10 hours on the round trip to Washington, DC to protest at his office in the Capitol. “George Santos is a grifter — and he has grifted his way into a job that now pays him $174,000,” she said, outraged that “he’s threatening to run again.” According to CNN, Santos is adamant that he will be cleared of all wrongdoing in numerous probes into his finances and lies. He has repeatedly dismissed the ever-expanding list of lies, claiming it is routine in politics while maintaining he’s “lived an honest life.” “He has apparently forgiven himself,” Kass told CBS, but “the constituents do not forgive him — we will never forgive him. Nobody trusts him.” Former Long Island Rep. Peter King told CNN that “the longer [Santos] stays in there, the worse this is for Republicans on Long Island.” “For the good of the country and for the Republican Party, he’s got to go as quickly as possible,” King told the network, noting how it’s unlikely Santos will “go on his own.” King does not rate his chances in 2024 after such a mountain of scandal. “If he runs again, he’ll get destroyed,” he predicted.